Xenophage: Alien Bloodsport is a fighting game written for DOS, by Apogee Software. It was originally released as shareware in 1995. The game was best known for calling all its fatalities (which consisted of mostly decapitations) "Meat", with the announcer yelling "Meat" after every fatality was performed. The game was also known for Barney the Dinosaur being a playable character. Xenophage was discontinued on November 6, 2003, and was re-released as freeware on April 24, 2006. Plot An extraterrestrial organization known as the "Council" abducts several individuals, including two humans, from various planets due to the aggressive tendencies demonstrated by their species. Trapped Inside a spaceship, they are ordered to engage in unarmed combat with each other inside holographic simulations of their homeworlds, for the amusement of the council. Should any of the combatants fail during combat, their homeworld will be destroyed. Reception References External links Official Webpage 1995 video games Apogee games DOS games DOS-only games Fighting games Freeware games Video games about death games Video games about extraterrestrial life Video games developed in the United States Video games scored by Bobby Prince Video games with pre-rendered 3D graphics
John Bennett is a British drummer, and a founding member of the progressive doom/death metal band, The Prophecy. With The Prophecy, Bennett has completed several tours of Europe and the United States, and has also recorded three albums. Bennett also played drums for fellow doom metal band My Dying Bride for two years, filling in for Shaun Steels while Steels recovered from an ankle injury. Bennett played as a session musician on the A Line of Deathless Kings album. In 2007 he announced that he could not continue to play with My Dying Bride. Discography Equipment Premier Percussion Cabria Exclusive (10”, 12”, 14”Ft, 22” & 14”Sn) Tama 12” side accent snare DW 9000 Hi Hat DW 5000 Pedal (DBL) Premier Percussion Hardware 22” Zildjian Z Custom power ride 20” Zildjian A Custom China 18” Zildjian Z Custom projection crash 16” Zildjian Z Custom rock crash 16” Zildjian Avedis rock crash 14” Zildjian Oriental china 13” Zildjian A Custom mastersound hi-hats 12” Zildjian Z Custom splash 8” Zildjian A Custom splash Roland TD20BK V Drums Hardcase cases Vic Firth 5A Sticks References Living people Place of birth missing (living people) Year of birth missing (living people) English heavy metal drummers
Dr Martin R. Woodward (28 May 1948 – 27 October 2006) was a British computer scientist who made leading contributions in the field of in software testing. Martin Woodward was an academic in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Liverpool in England. As part of his leading role in software testing, for 13 years, until shortly before his death, Woodward was the Chief Editor of the journal Software Testing, Verification & Reliability (STVR), a major international journal in the field of software testing. Woodward undertook software testing research in areas such as mutation testing, maturity models, testability, etc. References External links Martin R. Woodward publications on Microsoft Academic 1948 births 2006 deaths Academics of the University of Liverpool English computer scientists Software testing people Academic journal editors
Foundation Imaging, Inc. was a CGI visual effects studio, computer animation studio, and post-production editing facility. History The company was founded by Paul Beigle-Bryant and Ron Thornton. It pioneered digital imaging for television programming using Newtek's LightWave 3D, originally on Commodore Amiga based Video Toaster workstations. Dissolution The company was dissolved after work on season one of Star Trek: Enterprise had been completed and the company assets were sold off in a public auction on December 17, 2002 by Brian Testo Associates, LLC. Legacy The company's pioneering work on Babylon 5 popularized using the software package Lightwave 3D on US TV shows for CGI visual effects, which led to it becoming an industry standard throughout the 1990s. Key animators from the company and Emmy Award-winners Adam "Mojo" Lebowitz and John Teska remain major figures in the visual effects field for their work on shows such as the rebooted Battlestar Galactica and Lost. Notable works Babylon 5 Foundation Imaging is best known for their work on the science fiction series Babylon 5, winning an Emmy Award for the pilot episode. Star Trek franchise After completing the third season of Babylon 5, they worked on Paramount's Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (ultimately winning two more Emmy Awards for their work on Voyager). Foundation Imaging made the exterior views rendered by computer graphics for the Delta Flyer shuttlecraft, from drawings by Rick Sternbach, debuting on Voyager in the "Extreme Risk". They also did the CGI views of the Varro generation ship in the episode "The Disease" for example. The company also worked on Robert Wise's director's cut of Star Trek: The Motion Picture. This was one of Foundation Imaging's last projects before they shut down. Lebowitz also worked with Paramount Plus on the film's 2022 restoration. Batman CG visuals While working on Star Trek, the company provided CG visuals for the Warner Brothers direct-to-video animated movies based on the Batman: The Animated Series TV series. Project history Movies The Jackal (1997) Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero (1998) Today's Life (2000) The Legend of Zu (2001) (Blood Sea sequence) They Crawl (2001) Project Viper (2002) The Extreme Team (2003) Chrome (2005) Live action series Babylon 5 (1993 - 1996) (seasons 1-3) Hypernauts (1995 - 1996) (season 1) Star Trek: Voyager (1996 - 2001) (seasons 3-7) Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1997 - 1999) (the season 5 finale, seasons 6-7) Young Hercules (1998 - 1999) Dawson's Creek (2000) (single episode water effects) Star Trek: Enterprise (2001 - 2002) (season 1) Animated series Roughnecks: Starship Troopers Chronicles (1999) Max Steel (2001) Dan Dare (2002) Video games Twisted Metal: Black (2001) (CG movie and visual effects) DVD Star Trek: The Motion Picture (DVD director's edition) Awards 1993 Emmy Award – Babylon 5 – Outstanding Individual Achievement In Special Visual Effects: Paul Beigle-Bryant, Computer Imaging Supervisor - Foundation Imaging Shannon Casey, Visual Effects Coordinator Ron Thornton, Visual Effects Designer - Foundation Imaging 1999 Emmy Award – Star Trek: Voyager – Outstanding Special Visual Effects For A Series: Rob Bonchune, CGI Supervisor - Foundation Imaging Elizabeth Castro, Visual Effects Coordinator Arthur J. Codron, Visual Effects Coordinator Dan Curry, Visual Effects Producer/Supervisor Don Greenberg, Visual Effects Compositor Paul Hill, Visual Effects Compositor Adam "Mojo" Lebowitz, CGI Supervisor - Foundation Imaging Ronald B. Moore, Visual Effects Supervisor Greg Rainoff, Visual Effects Artist Mitch Suskin, Visual Effects Supervisor John Teska, CGI Animator - Foundation Imaging 2001 Emmy Award – Star Trek: Voyager – Outstanding Special Visual Effects For A Series: Robert Bonchune, CGI Supervisor - Foundation Imaging Eric Chauvin, Matte Artist Art Codron, Visual Effects Coordinator Dan Curry, Visual Effects Producer Steve Fong, Visual Effects Compositor Ronald Moore, Visual Effects Supervisor Greg Rainoff, Visual Effects Animator Mitch Suskin, Visual Effects Supervisor John Teska, CGI Artist - Foundation Imaging References External links Babylon 5 - Online!: Interview with Ron Thornton Trek Today: Interview with Paul Bryant Newtek.com: Interview with Kyle Toucher Newtek.com: Interview with Kevin "Q" Quattro Visual effects companies American animation studios Defunct film and television production companies of the United States
KDE System Guard, also known as KSysGuard, is the task manager and performance monitor for the KDE platform on Unix-like systems. It can monitor both local and remote hosts, accomplished via running ksysguardd on the remote host, and having the GUI (ksysguard) connect to the remote instance. It can retrieve simple values or complex data such as tables and display this information in a variety of graphical displays. Displays can then be organized in work sheets. It also provides a detailed top-like process table. KDE System Guard is a rewrite of the KDE 1.x task manager, KTop. See also top (software) - a task manager program found in many Unix-like operating systems htop - interactive system-monitor for Linux References External links KDE System Guard user wiki KDE System Guard Handbook Free software programmed in C++ KDE Software Compilation Linux process- and task-management-related software
Diethelm von Eichel-Streiber (10 August 1914 – 13 May 1996) was a German Luftwaffe officer in the Spanish Civil War and World War II. During the Spanish Civil War, he flew with Kampfgruppe 88 of the Condor Legion as an air observer. During World War II, he became a fighter ace credited with 96 aerial victories. With the exception of two aerial victories claimed over the Western Allies, the majority of his aerial victories were achieved on the Eastern Front. Early life and career Eichel-Streiber was born on 10 August 1914 in Oppershausen, at the time in the Province of Saxony within the German Empire, present-day in Thuringia. He was one of eight children of , a German politician and owner of the family estate in Berka vor dem Hainich, and his mother Hildegard von der Leyen zu Bloemersheim. In November 1937, he joined the Condor Legion and was posted to Kampfgruppe 88 as an air observer on a Heinkel He 111. On 14 April 1939, he was awarded the Spanish Cross in Gold with Swords (), for his service in the Spanish Civil War. World War II In November 1940, Eichel-Streiber was posted to III. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77th—77th Fighter Wing) where he served as an adjutant to his commanding officer and uncle Major Alexander von Winterfeldt. JG 77 had just been ordered to relocate from Norway to airfields near the English Channel. The Gruppenstab (headquarters unit) of III. Gruppe arrived in Dinan in northwestern France on 11 December. In preparation for Operation Marita, the Geschwaderstab, II. and III. Gruppe of JG 77 transferred to Deta in western Romania on 1 April 1941, completing the relocation by 4 April. German forces invaded Greece and Yugoslavia on 6 April. That day, III. Gruppe flew fighter escort missions for Junkers Ju 87 dive bombers from Sturzkampfgeschwader 77 (StG 77—77th Dive Bomber Wing) attacking Belgrade. The next day, the Gruppe was ordered to an airfield named Sofia-Vrba located approximately halfway between Radomir and Sofia to augment the [[8th Air Corps (Germany)|VIII. Fliegerkorps]] (8th Air Corps) commanded by Generaloberst Wolfram Freiherr von Richthofen. The Gruppe then followed the German advance to Skopje on 10 April. On 14 April, III. Gruppe moved to Prilep and then to Axioupoli followed by another relocation to Korinos on 16 April. On 19 April, operating from Korinos, III. Gruppe flew close air support missions. During an attack on the Dadion airfield at Amfikleia, Eichel-Streiber strafed and destroyed two Gloster Gladiator biplane fighters. The Gruppe then moved to Larissa on 20 April, from Larissa to Almyros on 22 April, and from Almyros to Tanagra on 27 April. The fighting in Greece ceased on 30 April and JG 77 was given a period of rest. In preparation for the Battle of Crete, III. Gruppe was ordered to Molaoi on 11 May. The Gruppe flew its first combat missions to Crete on 14 May, attacking the airfield at Maleme. During this early morning attack, Eichel-Streiber claimed his first aerial victory when he shot down a Hawker Hurricane fighter. Later that day, the Gruppe flew a second mission to Crete. During this mission, Eichel-Streiber's Messerschmitt Bf 109 E-7 (Werknummer 6435—factory number) was hit by anti-aircraft artillery, tearing off his left horizontal stabiliser and damaging his vertical stabilizer, resulting in a forced landing at Maloi. Operation Barbarossa and squadron leader In preparation for Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union, III. Gruppe was moved to Bucharest and was located in the sector of Heeresgruppe Süd (Army Group South). III. Gruppe arrived in Bucharest on 16 June. Four days later, III. Gruppe moved to Roman. That evening, the pilots and ground crews were briefed of the upcoming invasion of the Soviet Union, which opened the Eastern Front on 22 June. On 26 June, III. Gruppe flew seven combat missions. On the fifth mission of the day, a fighter escort mission for He 111 bombers from Kampfgeschwader 27 (KG 27—27th Bomber Wing), the flight encountered 25 Soviet Tupolev SB and 10 Ilyushin DB-3 bombers. During this engagement, Eichel-Streiber claimed four bombers shot down, taking his total to five aerial victories. On 29 December 1941, Eichel-Streiber was appointed Staffelkapitän (squadron leader) of 1. Staffel of the Ergänzungsgruppe of Jagdgeschwader 2 "Richthofen" (JG 2—2nd Fighter Wing), a supplementary training group. At the time, the Staffel was based in Döberitz before moving to Bergen aan Zee on 7 January 1942. In January 1942, the Staffel became part of the newly formed IV. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 1 (JG 1—1st Fighter Wing) where it thus became 10. Staffel of JG 1. IV. Gruppe first major task was Operation Donnerkeil, an air superiority operation to support the Kriegsmarine (German Navy) Operation Cerberus. The objective of this assignment was to give the German battleships and and the heavy cruiser fighter protection in the breakout from Brest to Germany. End-February to early March 1942, IV. Gruppe began relocating north to Trondheim. On 21 March, IV./JG 1 was renamed to III. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 5 (JG 5—5th Fighter Wing) and placed under the command of Hauptmann Günther Scholz. During this reassignment, Eichel-Streiber's Staffel became a newly formed 1. Staffel of JG 5 subordinated to I. Gruppe. On 4 May, Eichel-Streiber was posted to the Gruppenstab of II. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 26 "Schlageter" (JG 26—26th Fighter Wing). He was replaced by Oberleutnant Wolfgang Kosse who had been transferred from JG 26. With Jagdgeschwader 51 In early October 1942, II. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 51 (JG 51—51st Fighter Wing) was withdrawn from the Eastern Front and sent to Jesau, near present-day Bagrationovsk, to Heiligenbeil, present-day Mamonovo, to be reequipped with the Focke Wulf Fw 190 A. While undergoing training on this aircraft, the Gruppe received orders on 4 November to transfer to the Mediterranean theatre flying the Bf 109 again. 6. Staffel was exempt from this order, was detached from II. Gruppe, and continued its training on the Fw 190. In late November, 6. Staffel was renamed to Stabsstaffel (headquarters squadron) of JG 51 and placed under the command of von Eichel-Streiber on 30 November. The Stabsstaffel transferred to the Eastern Front again on 5 February 1943 where it was based at an airfield at Smolensk. On 4 March, the Stabsstaffel flew missions in support of elements of the 9th Army fighting east and northeast of Bely during the Battles of Rzhev. That day, the Stabsstaffel claimed seven aerial victories including an Ilyushin Il-2 ground-attack aircraft claimed shot down by Eichel-Streiber. The Stabsstaffel was tasked with providing fighter protection of the Smolensk airfield on 15 March. Shortly after sundown, Eichel-Streiber led a flight of Fw 190 fighters against six Il-2 ground-attack aircraft and their fighter escort. In the encounter east of Demidov, Eichel-Streiber claimed one of the attacking Il-2 aircraft shot down. On the first day of the Battle of Kursk, 5 July 1943, the Stabsstaffel relocated from Smolensk to Oryol where it fought over the northern face of the salient. On 11 September, Eichel-Streiber made a forced landing in his Fw 190 A-6 (Werknummer 530333) due to engine failure of the aircraft. Injured in the landing, he went on home-leave for a period of rest and convalescence. During his absence, he was replaced by Hauptmann Wolfram Philipps. Group commander Eichel-Streiber was appointed Gruppenkommandeur (group commander) of III. Gruppe of JG 51 on 1 April 1944. He succeeded Hauptmann Fritz Losigkeit in this capacity who was made Geschwaderkommodore (wing commander) of JG 51 the day before. Command of the Stabsstaffel was then temporarily passed to Leutnant Herbert Friebel before Hauptmann Edwin Thiel took command in May 1944. At the time. III. Gruppe was converting back from the Fw 190 to the Bf 109 at Dęblin–Irena. On 5 April, Eichel-Streiber was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). On 24 April, elements of III. Gruppe began relocating to Terespol where the Geschwaderstab (headquarters unit) and I. Gruppe of JG 51 were based, fighting predominantly in the combat area of Kovel. The relocation was completed by 15 May. The Gruppe moved to Babruysk on 21 June and the following day, Soviet Forces launched Operation Bagration (22 June – 19 August) which nearly annihilated Army Group Centre. On 21 June, bombers of the Eighth Air Force on a shuttle bombing mission of Operation Frantic, attacked oil refineries south of Berlin before heading for the Poltava Air Base. The bombers were intercepted by elements of JG 51 led by Losigkeit. In this encounter, two of the escorting North American P-51 Mustang fighters were shot down. One of the P-51 fighters crashed near the Luftwaffe airfield at Babruysk where III. Gruppe was based. In its cockpit, a map of the Poltava Air Base was found. Eichel-Streiber sent the map to the headquarters of Luftflotte 6 (6th Air Fleet). This intelligence led to an attack by Luftwaffe bombers which destroyed 44 parked Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bombers and damaged further 26. On 24 June, the Soviet Air Forces fielded 4,500 combat missions over the combat area of Army Group Centre while Luftflotte 6 flew 111 ground attack and 150 fighter missions, creating a 1:15 discrepancy. That day, III. Gruppe flew several missions in the combat area south and southeast of Babruysk. During these missions, Eichel-Streiber claimed an Il-2 ground-attack aircraft on a morning mission south of Parichi and another Il-2 later in the afternoon east of Babruysk. On 25 August 1944, Eichel-Streiber was transferred and appointed Gruppenkommandeur of I. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 27 (JG 27—27th Fighter Wing). Command of his former III. Gruppe of JG 51 was passed on to Hauptmann Joachim Brendel. Summary of career Aerial victory claims According to US historian David T. Zabecki, von Eichel-Streiber was credited with 96 aerial victories. Spick also lists von Eichel-Streiber with 96 aerial victories claimed in an unknown number combat missions. This figure includes 94 aerial victories on the Eastern Front, and further two victories over the Western Allies. Mathews and Foreman, authors of Luftwaffe Aces — Biographies and Victory Claims, researched the German Federal Archives and found records for 91 aerial victory claims, plus three further unconfirmed claims. This figure includes 90 claims on the Eastern Front and one over the Western Allies. Victory claims were logged to a map-reference (PQ = Planquadrat), for example "PQ 35 Ost 36121". The Luftwaffe grid map () covered all of Europe, western Russia and North Africa and was composed of rectangles measuring 15 minutes of latitude by 30 minutes of longitude, an area of about . These sectors were then subdivided into 36 smaller units to give a location area in size. Awards Spanish Cross in Gold with Swords (14 April 1939) German Cross in Gold on 17 October 1943 as Hauptmann in the Stabsstaffel/Jagdgeschwader 51 Honour Goblet of the Luftwaffe on 13 September 1943 as Hauptmann and StaffelkapitänKnight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 5 April 1944 as Hauptmann and Staffelkapitän of the Stab/Jagdgeschwader'' 51 "Mölders" Notes References Citations Bibliography 1914 births 1996 deaths Condor Legion personnel German World War II flying aces Military personnel from Thuringia Military personnel from the Province of Saxony Recipients of the Gold German Cross Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
The Windows software trace preprocessor (WPP; the preprocessor and related support tools are known as WPP Software Tracing) is a preprocessor that simplifies the use of WMI event tracing to implement efficient software tracing in drivers and applications that target Windows 2000 and later operating systems. WPP was created by Microsoft and is included in the Windows DDK. Although WPP is wide in its applicability, it is not included in the Windows SDK, and therefore is primarily used for drivers and driver support software produced by software vendors that purchase the Windows DDK. Background Software tracing is a specialized use of logging to record information about a program's execution. This information is commonly used for debugging. In contrast to event logging, the primary purpose of which is to produce records of events that can be audited by system administrators (see for example Event Viewer) or analyzed by management tools, software tracing is primarily a debugging aid for software developers. As such, many of the non-functional requirements of event logging, such as localizability or a standards-based output format, are explicitly non-goals for most applications of software tracing. On the other hand, software tracing has special requirements for performance that are not generally as important in event logging. For example, one common use of software tracing, in/out tracing, produces output at the entry point and return of functions or methods so that a developer can visually follow the execution path, often including parameters and return values, in a debugger or text-based log file (this can be seen as a run-time analog of a sequence diagram). This type of tracing, although useful for developers, can greatly hurt performance of a software product if it cannot be disabled (either at compile-time via conditional compilation, or at run-time via flags). Additional considerations special to software tracing include the following: In proprietary software, tracing data may include sensitive information about the product's source code. If tracing is enabled or disabled at run-time, many methods of tracing require a significant amount of additional data be included in the binary, which can indirectly hurt performance even when tracing is disabled. If tracing is enabled or disabled at compile-time, getting trace data for an issue on a customer machine depends on the customer being willing and able to install a special, tracing enabled, version of your software. Certain types of software, such as drivers, need to meet strict performance requirements even with tracing enabled. Due to the first two considerations, traditional methods of software tracing use conditional compilation to enable or disable tracing (and inclusion of tracing data) at compile-time. For example, using the C preprocessor, one might define a macro DebugOut as follows: #ifdef _DEBUG #define DebugOut(msg, ...) \ DebugPrintf( "(" ":" TO_STRING() ")\t" \ msg, __VAR_ARGS__) #else #define DebugOut(msg, ...) #endif where TO_STRING is a macro that converts the line number () to a string and DebugPrintf is a printf-like function that might for example output text to the debugger. Then, the following code: DebugOut("Error %d occurred\n", error_code); would produce output similar to the following on debug builds only: SomeFunction(file.c:78) Error 217 occurred Another technique for certain types of tracing (particularly in/out tracing) is to use instrumentation. While this technique can address many of the major concerns, it is not always available (typically only in managed code). WMI event tracing is an example of a technology that addresses in particular performance of tracing in performance-critical code such as drivers. It can also address the concern of controlling the distribution of sensitive trace information by letting a developer define the human-readable tracing data ("Error %d occurred\n" in the example above) separately from the code so that it is not built into the product (in the code, a specific message is referred to by its message number). However, there are some important limitations: WMI event tracing cannot, by itself, automatically generate the "SomeFunction(file.c:78)" part of the trace message. This is a limitation of all such technologies, not specific to WMI event tracing. Requiring the human-readable part of the tracing data to be separated from the code can decrease the readability of the code. Using this technique can introduce significant development overhead for "one-shot" tracing messages. Operation of WPP WPP is run prior to compilation (in other words, before even the C preprocessor), and generates a trace message header for each file that it processes (by default this header is filename.tmh, where filename is the name of the processed source file). This header must then be explicitly included into the source file, for example: // File: file.cxx // This file is an example of using WPP #include "file.tmh" WPP's understanding of C/C++ syntax is very limited. In particular, it does not expand macros (except in special circumstances where it is necessary), nor does it handle pragmas or perform any semantic analysis. A developer specifies one or more tracing macros that WPP should handle, via a configuration file, special annotations in comments, command line parameters, or some combination of these methods. Each time WPP encounters one of the macros that it is supposed to handle, it generates a trace message macro. In other words, if for example DoTrace is a tracing macro, WPP will generate a separate macro for each occurrence of DoTrace. The generated trace message macros are disambiguated by file name and line number, and, using various preprocessor tricks, WPP in turn defines the original tracing macro so that it will expand the appropriate trace message macro at each occurrence. How trace message macros are generated by WPP depends on a template file (the format of the file is undocumented). The default template files included with WPP specify that the string of a trace message should be included in an annotation (using the __annotation feature of the Microsoft Compiler). These strings are not included in the compiled code, but are included in the debugger symbol file in a format that tools included with WPP can understand. The trace message macros also include the logic for enabling or disabling tracing via flags and the calls to WMI event tracing APIs. Limitations Because WPP doesn't expand macros, it won't recognize an instantiation of a tracing macro that is included in the definition of another macro. For example, if DoTrace is a tracing macro, and a macro CheckForErrors is defined as: #define CheckForErrors(error_code) \ if (IsError(error_code)) \ { \ DoTrace("Error %d occurred\n", err); \ HandleError(error_code); \ } then WPP will not generate the trace message macros for DoTrace where CheckForErrors occurs. WPP provides an ad hoc workaround for this issue, but there still exists a small class of macros that cannot be expressed even using the workaround. The default template file generates code that will only work properly with the Microsoft compiler. Although this is not an inherent limitation of the preprocessor, the fact that the template file (which controls what code is generated in the trace message header) uses an undocumented format means that in practice WPP will only work properly with the Microsoft compiler. Earlier versions of WPP caused compiling errors when more than one trace macro header was included into a source file (for example, if a source file with tracing included a header that had tracing in inline functions). This is fixed in the most recent version. Note that this is also a limitation of the template file, not the WPP tool itself. Because trace message macros are disambiguated by file and line number, there can be only one tracing macro per line in the source code. External links WPP Software Tracing Reference on MSDN Microsoft software Windows administration Windows components Debugging
Victor S. Johnston (born 4 May 1943) is an Irish-born psychologist whose work emphasis is emotion, and event related potentials. His areas of study include cognitive engineering, biopsychology, and cognitive psychology. His major research interests are evolutionary psychology, electrophysiology and genetic algorithms. Dr. Johnston states, "The human brain did not evolve to accurately represent the world around us; it evolved only to enhance the survival of our genes." According to Johnston, the combination of emotions with symbolic thought produces meaning. But with this capacity comes the ability to develop meanings for things that do not exist. Little girls develop the ability to attach emotional feelings to dolls, and pretend that their toys live. Little boys learn how to pretend to hunt and fight and attach emotions to them. We learn feelings of desire, fear, and wonder by wandering to the limits of our play. Imagination allows us to create technology, mathematics, and art, but with it can also come terrifying thoughts that could cause harm to us. We grow to learn the difference between most of our thoughts and what they represent, but most of us get fooled into believing the reality of some things that don't exist at all. Dr. Johnston received his B.Sc. in psychology, 1964, Queens University, Belfast, N. Ireland; and Ph.D. in psychopharmacology, 1967, University of Edinburgh, Scotland. His doctoral research on the biochemistry of Schizophrenia was awarded the A.E. Bennett Neuropsychiatric Research Foundation Award. Honors Awarded New Mexico Software Author of the Year Award, New Mexico Entrepreneurs Association, Los Alamos and Sandia National Laboratories (1995). New Mexico Inventor of the Year Award (1995) for FacePrints software. US patent (1994) for FacePrints software that can evolve faces in a computer. Doctoral research on the biochemistry of Schizophrenia was awarded the A.E. Bennett Neuropsychiatric Research Foundation Award (1967) Academic appointments Professor, New Mexico State University, 1988–present Associate Professor, NMSU, 1980–1987 Assistant Professor, NMSU, 1969–1980 Postdoctoral Fellow, Stanford University, 1970–1971 Co-Director of Yale in Holloman Research Facility, Yale University of Medicine, 1967–1969 Publications JOHNSTON, V. S., and Bradley, R. J. Molecular Pharmacology of Hallucinogens. In Wortis (Ed.) Recent Advances in Biological Psychiatry, 10, 1968. SMYTHIES, J. R., Johnston, V. S., & Bradley, R. J. Behavioral models of psychosis. British Journal of Psychiatry,115, 55–68,1969. DELGADO, J. M. R., Johnston, V. S., Wallace, J. D., and Bradley, R. J.: Operant Conditioning of Amygdala Spindling in the Free Chimpanzee. Brain Research, 22:347–362, 1970. JOHNSTON, V. S., Hart, M., and Howell, W. The nature of the medial wall deficit in the rat. Neuropsychologia, 12, 497–503, 1974. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Chesney, G. L. Electrophysiological correlates of meaning. Science, 186, 944–946, 1974. PRIBRAM, K. H., Day, R. U., and Johnston, V. S.: Selective Attention: Distinctive Brain Electrical Patterns produced by Differential Reinforcement in Monkey and Man. In D. I. Mostofsky (Ed.) Behavior Control and Modification of Physiological Activity, Prentice Hall, 1976. JOHNSTON V. S., Holcomb P. J.: Probability Learning and the P3 Component of the Visual Evoked Potential in Man. Psychophysiology 17(4):396–400, 1980. JOHNSTON V.S., Partridge, D., and Lopez, P. A neural theory of cognitive development. Journal of Theoretical Biology, 100, 485–509, 1983. PARTRIDGE, D., Johnston, V.S. and Lopez, P.: Computer Programs as Theories in Biology. J. Theor. Biol., 108:539-64, 1984. JOHNSTON, V. S., Miller, D. and Burleson, M.: Multiple P3s to Emotional Stimuli and Their Theoretical Significance. Psychophysiology, 23:684-94, 1986. PARTRIDGE, D., Johnston, V. S. and Lopez, P.: Experiments with a Cognitive Industrial Robot. International Journal of Man-Machine Studies, 27:435–448, 1987. JOHNSTON, V. S., Burleson, M., and Miller D. Emotional value and late positive components of ERP's. in Current Trends in Event-Related Potential Research. (E.E.G. Supp. 40) Eds. R. Johnson Jr., J.W. Rohrbaugh & R.Parasuraman. 1988. JOHNSTON, V. S.: Evaluating a New Technique for Improving Eyewitness Identification. Final Report for National Institute of Justice Grant No. 90-IJCX0025, 1990. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Wang, X. T.: The Relationship between Menstrual Phase and the P3 Component of ERPs. Psychophysiology, 28:400–409, 1991. CALDWELL, C. and Johnston, V. S.: Tracking a Criminal Through "Face-Space" with a Genetic Algorithm. In: R. K. Belew and L. B. Booker (eds), Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Genetic Algorithms. pgs 416–421. San Diego, CA: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, 1991. WANG, X. T., Johnston, V. S., and Oliver, J. C.: Evoked Brain Potential Studies of Emotional and Cognitive Processes. Acta Psychologica Sinica, 24:406–414, 1992. WANG, X. T. & Johnston, V. S.: Adaptive Changes in Cognitive and Emotional Processing with Reproductive Status. Brain, Behavior and Evolution, 42:39–47, 1993. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Franklin, M.: Is Beauty in the Eye of the Beholder? Ethology and Sociobiology, 14(3):183–199, 1993. JOHNSTON, V. S. Method and apparatus for generating composites of human faces U.S. Patent # 5,375,195, 1994. WANG, X. T. & Johnston, V. S.: Perceived Social Context and Risk Preference: A Re-examination of Framing Effects in a Life-Death Decision Problem. Journal of Behavioral Decision Making, 8:279–293, 1995. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Oliver-Rodriguez, J. C: Facial Beauty and the Late Positive Component of Event-related Potentials. Journal of Sex Research. 34, 188–198, 1996. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Caldwell, C: Tracking a criminal suspect through face space with a genetic algorithm. In Back, T, Fogel, D, Michalewicz, Z. (eds.) Handbook of Evolutionary Computation; Oxford University Press. 1997. OLIVER-RODRIGUEZ, J. C., Guan, J., and Johnston, V.S. Gender differences in Late Positive components evoked by Human Faces. Psychophysiology, 36: 176–185, 1999. JOHNSTON, V. S. Why We Feel: The Science of Human Emotions. Perseus Press: Reading, Mass. 1999 Books Why We Feel, the Science of Human Emotions (2000) References Evolutionary psychologists American science writers Irish emigrants to the United States 1943 births Living people Alumni of Queen's University Belfast Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
In computational geometry, the Bowyer–Watson algorithm is a method for computing the Delaunay triangulation of a finite set of points in any number of dimensions. The algorithm can be also used to obtain a Voronoi diagram of the points, which is the dual graph of the Delaunay triangulation. Description The Bowyer–Watson algorithm is an incremental algorithm. It works by adding points, one at a time, to a valid Delaunay triangulation of a subset of the desired points. After every insertion, any triangles whose circumcircles contain the new point are deleted, leaving a star-shaped polygonal hole which is then re-triangulated using the new point. By using the connectivity of the triangulation to efficiently locate triangles to remove, the algorithm can take O(N log N) operations to triangulate N points, although special degenerate cases exist where this goes up to O(N2). History The algorithm is sometimes known just as the Bowyer Algorithm or the Watson Algorithm. Adrian Bowyer and David Watson devised it independently of each other at the same time, and each published a paper on it in the same issue of The Computer Journal (see below). Pseudocode The following pseudocode describes a basic implementation of the Bowyer-Watson algorithm. Its time complexity is . Efficiency can be improved in a number of ways. For example, the triangle connectivity can be used to locate the triangles which contain the new point in their circumcircle, without having to check all of the triangles - by doing so we can decrease time complexity to . Pre-computing the circumcircles can save time at the expense of additional memory usage. And if the points are uniformly distributed, sorting them along a space filling Hilbert curve prior to insertion can also speed point location. function BowyerWatson (pointList) // pointList is a set of coordinates defining the points to be triangulated triangulation := empty triangle mesh data structure add super-triangle to triangulation // must be large enough to completely contain all the points in pointList for each point in pointList do // add all the points one at a time to the triangulation badTriangles := empty set for each triangle in triangulation do // first find all the triangles that are no longer valid due to the insertion if point is inside circumcircle of triangle add triangle to badTriangles polygon := empty set for each triangle in badTriangles do // find the boundary of the polygonal hole for each edge in triangle do if edge is not shared by any other triangles in badTriangles add edge to polygon for each triangle in badTriangles do // remove them from the data structure remove triangle from triangulation for each edge in polygon do // re-triangulate the polygonal hole newTri := form a triangle from edge to point add newTri to triangulation for each triangle in triangulation // done inserting points, now clean up if triangle contains a vertex from original super-triangle remove triangle from triangulation return triangulation References Further reading Efficient Triangulation Algorithm Suitable for Terrain Modelling generic explanations with source code examples in several languages. External links pyDelaunay2D : A didactic Python implementation of Bowyer–Watson algorithm. Bl4ckb0ne/delaunay-triangulation : C++ implementation of Bowyer–Watson algorithm. Geometric algorithms Triangulation (geometry)
antiX () is a Linux distribution, originally based on MEPIS, which itself is based on the Debian stable distribution. antiX initially replaced the MEPIS KDE desktop environment with the Fluxbox and IceWM window managers, making it suitable for older, less powerful x86-based systems. Unlike Debian, antiX does not use the systemd init system, instead, antiX provides images where either SysVinit or Runit are set as the default init system. It is lightweight and suitable for older computers, while also providing cutting edge kernel and applications, as well as updates and additions via the apt-get package system and Debian-compatible repositories. Starting with version 19 antiX offers sysVinit and runit as a choice for the init system. Starting with version 22 antiX is offered elogind-free for both 32-bit and 64-bit architecture. Window managers antiX comes with a default Desktop built on top of ROX or Zzzfm File Managers, GTK library and IceWM as a Window Manager. antiX-full and antiX-base include these window managers: Lightweight: Rox-IceWM (default), IceWM and ZzzFM-IceWM. (Stacking WM) Minimalist: Rox-Fluxbox, Fluxbox and ZzzFM-Fluxbox. (Stacking WM) Very minimalist: Rox-JWM, JWM and ZzzFM-JWM. (Stacking WM) Running the ROX or Zzzfm variants provides a desktop icons and drag-and-drop function. Conky provides system monitor availability. Versions antiX is available for IA-32 (32-bit) and x86-64 (64-bit) architectures, and comes in four versions: Full, Includes X Windows, 4 windows managers, LibreOffice suite, and a 'Package Installer' which allows installation of a full range of applications (1.4 GB) Base, Includes X Windows, 4 windows managers, and a 'Package Installer' which allows the user to choose their own application suite (800 MB) Core, No X Windows, command-line installer without encryption, which enables the user to have total control over the install (440 MB) net, No X Windows, command-line installer without encryption, which enables the user to have total control with no desktop environment by default (180 MB) These four AntiX versions were joined by MEPIS in 2014, developed in cooperation with the MEPIS Community to form MX Linux. MX Linux uses Xfce as the default desktop environment, is based directly on Debian Stable, is highly stable and gives solid performance from a medium-sized footprint. As of November 2016, MX Linux is now listed as a separate distro on DistroWatch. Releases The releases of antiX are named after prominent left-wing figures, groups and revolutionaries. See also MX Linux Category:Linux distributions without systemd List of Linux distributions that run from RAM Lightweight Linux distribution References External links antiX on sourceforge antiX support group on facebook Debian-based distributions Linux distributions Linux distributions without systemd Operating system distributions bootable from read-only media
The VT520 is an ANSI standard computer terminal introduced by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) in 1993 and 1994. The VT520 is a multi-session monochrome text-only terminal with a built-in 14" monitor. The VT510 was a single-session version, while the VT525 added color support and used a separate external monitor. The VT500s replaced all existing models of DEC's VT line, which at that time consisted of just the VT420 text and VT340 graphics terminals. It was introduced in an era when the market was being flooded by low-cost IBM PC clones which could perform the same functions using a terminal emulator while also running other software. DEC introduced the VT500s only a short time before selling off their entire terminal division in August 1995. This brought the VT series to a close, after a total of about six million terminals had been sold. The VT520 was available from Boundless Technologies until the company went defunct in 2003. Description By the mid-1990s the price of low-end PCs was rapidly falling to under $1000. When equipped with a terminal emulator, these machines could perform all the functions of a DEC terminal, as well as running software locally. The terminal market began to crash, but remained important to DEC's core minicomputer business. DEC responded by introducing the VT500 series as simplified and lower-cost options to the existing VT420 and VT340. The new 500s were text-only but they added an RS-232C serial port and a Centronics port as well as a PS/2 keyboard connector which made them easier to integrate into a mixed computing environment. They also had two DEC proprietary MMJ serial connectors and a DEC proprietary keyboard port like their predecessors. The VT510 was introduced in 1993 as an all-in-one unit with a built-in 14" display. The VT520 was similar but supported up to 4 sessions using a system known as TD/SMP. The later VT525 color terminal dispensed with the integrated monitor as well, packaging the system into a pizza box case with an SVGA port for connection to an external user-supplied monitor. Like all models of the VT series, the VT500's primary purpose is to act as an ANSI standard terminal. The VT510 supported only a single session, while the 520 and 525 supported up to four sessions, up from two in earlier VTs. The user can flip between the sessions using control sequences on the keyboard (typically ), or display multiple sessions at the same time by splitting the screen horizontally or vertically. All models have multiple character sets in ROM, supporting DEC, international and PC characters. They can also replace any of these by downloading custom characters using sixels, and perform single-character swaps using the National Replacement Character Set, swapping with for use with UK keyboards for instance. The speed of the serial ports was increased to 115.2 kbps, up from 38.4 kbps on the VT300s. Any one of the serial ports could support two sessions using TD/SMP. Like earlier models of the VT line, the 500s could be put into modes emulating the VT100 and VT52, but added a wide variety of other emulations for Wyse, ADDS TeleVideo and other terminals. The 500s also directly supported ANSI commands for color, like the Wyse, in addition to the custom escape sequences used for color support on previous VT models. Another new feature was the inclusion of a set of desk accessories running on the terminal's CPU. These included a calculator, alarm clock, calendar, and a character set viewer. Terminal emulator specifications may refer to VT500 instead of VT510, VT520 and VT525 in the statements about their compatibility. Notes References External links Boundless Technologies support page DEC computer terminals Character-oriented terminal Computer-related introductions in 1994
Kevin Kallaugher (born March 23, 1955 in Norwalk, Connecticut) is a political cartoonist for The Economist and the Baltimore Sun. He cartoons using the pen name KAL. Editorial cartoon career Kallaugher graduated from Harvard College with honors in visual and environmental studies in 1977. After that, he undertook a cycling tour of the British Isles, joining the Brighton Bears Basketball Club as a player and coach. When the club ran into financial trouble, Kallaugher began drawing caricatures of tourists on Brighton Pier and in Trafalgar Square. In 1978 Kallaugher became the first resident cartoonist in the then 135-year history of The Economist. He spent the following 10 years in London working for such publications as The Observer, The Sunday Telegraph, Today and The Mail on Sunday. Kallaugher returned to the U.S. in 1988, becoming the editorial cartoonist for The Baltimore Sun. Over the course of his 17 years at the newspaper up to 2006, he drew more than 4000 cartoons for The Sun while also drawing two cartoons per week for The Economist. He left The Sun in 2006, but returned in 2012. References External links Official website of Kevin Kallaugher Selection of animations by KAL The Economist KAL's gallery since 2006 Best of KAL, The Economist, Apr 4th 2008 Video: KAL discusses these drawings and his career at The Economist Interview of KAL by The Economist on YouTube 18 Feb 2022 The Official Page of the iKal Book iPhone app American editorial cartoonists The Economist people 1955 births Living people Harvard College alumni People from Norwalk, Connecticut Artists from Connecticut Fairfield College Preparatory School alumni
The Dame Was Loaded is a first-person point-and-click adventure game for MS-DOS and Macintosh created by Australian developer Beam Software (now Krome Studios Melbourne). It was published in 1996 by Philips Interactive Media. Gameplay The game is a detective film noir set in the 1940s and combined live action cinematic's with pre-rendered point-and-click gameplay much like previous games in the genre like Under a Killing Moon and Myst. The live action was produced by Vixen Films, director Jo Lane, and was at the time the largest multimedia production ever made in Australia. The game is nonlinear, having nine possible endings featuring over thirty fully acted and voiced characters to interact with and over one hour of fully performed cinematics. Plot Innocent-looking dame Carol Klein hires down-on-his-luck hardboiled private dick Scott Anger to find her brother, since she hasn't heard from him for some time. Anger learns that his case is connected to some murders and a bank robbery. Reception A reviewer for Next Generation panned the game, citing the use of still shots instead of FMV for most of the character interactions, the low difficulty, and the "cheesy, ersatz Maltese Falcon story". He scored it one out of five stars. Scott Gehrs of Computer Game Review wrote, "The Dame Was Loaded has an interesting premise, but unfortunately I can't recommend it even to mystery lovers". Quandary wrote "In the end, the real time nature of the game prevented me from enjoying this outing...Timed puzzles are anathema to many adventure players". References External links 1996 video games Beam Software games DOS games Adventure games Piko Interactive games Interactive movie video games Video games developed in Australia Cancelled CD-i games Detective video games Single-player video games
In the fields of information technology and systems management, application performance management (APM) is the monitoring and management of the performance and availability of software applications. APM strives to detect and diagnose complex application performance problems to maintain an expected level of service. APM is "the translation of IT metrics into business meaning ([i.e.] value)." Measuring application performance Two sets of performance metrics are closely monitored. The first set of performance metrics defines the performance experienced by end-users of the application. One example of performance is average response times under peak load. The components of the set include load and response times: The load is the volume of transactions processed by the application, e.g., transactions per second, requests per second, pages per second. Without being loaded by computer-based demands (e.g. searches, calculations, transmissions), most applications are fast enough, which is why programmers may not catch performance problems during development. The response times are the times required for an application to respond to a user's actions at such a load. The second set of performance metrics measures the computational resources used by the application for the load, indicating whether there is adequate capacity to support the load, as well as possible locations of a performance bottleneck. Measurement of these quantities establishes an empirical performance baseline for the application. The baseline can then be used to detect changes in performance. Changes in performance can be correlated with external events and subsequently used to predict future changes in application performance. The use of APM is common for Web applications, which lends itself best to the more detailed monitoring techniques. In addition to measuring response time for a user, response times for components of a Web application can also be monitored to help pinpoint causes of delay. There also exist HTTP appliances that can decode transaction-specific response times at the Web server layer of the application. In their APM Conceptual Framework, Gartner Research describes five dimensions of APM: End-user experience monitoring – (active and passive) Application runtime architecture discovery and modeling User-defined transaction profiling (also called business transaction management) Application component monitoring Reporting & Application data analytics. In 2016, Gartner Research has updated its definition, into three main functional dimensions: End-user experience monitoring (EUEM) has been evolved into Digital experience monitoring (DEM); A new dimension, Application discovery, tracing, and diagnostics (ADTD), combines three formerly separate dimensions (Application topology [runtime architecture] discovery and visualization, User-defined transaction profiling, and Application component deep-dive), since all three are primarily focused on problem remediation and are interlinked; Application analytics (AA). Current issues Since the first half of 2013, APM has entered into a period of intense competition in technology and strategy with a multiplicity of vendors and viewpoints. This has caused an upheaval in the marketplace with vendors from unrelated backgrounds (including network monitoring, systems management, application instrumentation, and web performance monitoring) adopting messaging around APM. As a result, the term APM has become diluted and has evolved into a concept for managing application performance across many diverse computing platforms, rather than a single market. With so many vendors to choose from, selecting one can be a challenge. It is important to evaluate each carefully to ensure its capabilities meet your needs. Two challenges for implementing APM are (1) it can be difficult to instrument an application to monitor application performance, especially among components of an application, and (2) applications can be virtualized, which increases the variability of the measurements. To alleviate the first problem application service management (ASM) provides an application-centric approach, where business service performance visibility is a key objective. The second aspect present in distributed, virtual and cloud-based applications poses a unique challenge for application performance monitoring because most of the key system components are no longer hosted on a single machine. Each function is now likely to have been designed as an Internet service that runs on multiple virtualized systems. The applications themselves are very likely to be moving from one system to another to meet service-level objectives and deal with momentary outages. The APM conceptual framework Applications themselves are becoming increasingly difficult to manage as they move toward highly distributed, multi-tier, multi-element constructs that in many cases rely on application development frameworks such as .NET or Java. The APM Conceptual Framework was designed to help prioritize an approach on what to focus on first for quick implementation and overall understanding of the five-dimensional APM model. The framework slide outlines three areas of focus for each dimension and describes their potential benefits. These areas are referenced as "Primary" below, with the lower priority dimensions referenced as "Secondary. " End user experience (primary) Measuring the transit of traffic from user request to data and back again is part of capturing the end-user experience (EUE). The outcome of this measuring is referred to as Real-time Application monitoring (aka Top-Down monitoring), which has two components, passive and active. Passive monitoring is usually an agentless appliance implemented using network port mirroring. A key feature to consider is the ability to support multi-component analytics (e.g., database, client/browser). Active monitoring, on the other hand, consists of synthetic probes and web robots predefined to report system availability and business transactions. Active monitoring is a good complement to passive monitoring; together, these two components help provide visibility into application health during off-peak hours when transaction volume is low. User experience management (UEM) is a subcategory that emerged from the EUE dimension to monitor the behavioral context of the user. UEM, as practiced today, goes beyond availability to capture latencies and inconsistencies as human beings interact with applications and other services. UEM is usually agent-based and may include JavaScript injection to monitor the end-user device. UEM is considered another facet of Real-time Application monitoring. Runtime application architecture (secondary) Application Discovery and Dependency Mapping (ADDM) offerings exist to automate the process of mapping transactions and applications to underlying infrastructure components. When preparing to implement a runtime application architecture, it is necessary to ensure that up/down monitoring is in place for all nodes and servers within the environment (aka, bottom-up monitoring). This helps lay the foundation for event correlation and provides the basis for a general understanding of how network topologies interact with application architectures. Business transaction (primary) Focus on user-defined transactions or the URL page definitions that have some meaning to the business community. For example, if there are 200 to 300 unique page definitions for a given application, group them into 8–12 high-level categories. This allows for meaningful SLA reports, and provides trending information on application performance from a business perspective: start with broad categories and refine them over time. For a deeper understanding, see Business transaction management. Deep dive component monitoring (secondary) Deep dive component monitoring (DDCM) requires an agent installation and is generally targeted at middleware, focusing on web, application, and messaging servers. It should provide a real-time view of the J2EE and .NET stacks, tying them back to the user-defined business transactions. A robust monitor shows a clear path from code execution (e.g., spring and struts) to the URL rendered, and finally to the user request. Since DDCM is closely related to the second dimension in the APM model, most products in this field also provide application discovery dependency mapping (ADDM) as part of their offering. Analytics/reporting (primary) It is important to arrive at a common set of metrics to collect and report on for each application, then standardize on a common view on how to present the application performance data. Collecting raw data from the other tool sets across the APM model provides flexibility in application reporting. This allows for answering a wide variety of performance questions as they arise, despite the different platforms each application may be running on. Too much information is overwhelming. That is why it is important to keep reports simple or they won't be used. See also Application Response Measurement Application service management Business transaction performance List of performance analysis tools Network management Website monitoring References System administration Software performance management
In mathematics, minimum polynomial extrapolation is a sequence transformation used for convergence acceleration of vector sequences, due to Cabay and Jackson. While Aitken's method is the most famous, it often fails for vector sequences. An effective method for vector sequences is the minimum polynomial extrapolation. It is usually phrased in terms of the fixed point iteration: Given iterates in , one constructs the matrix whose columns are the differences. Then, one computes the vector where denotes the Moore–Penrose pseudoinverse of . The number 1 is then appended to the end of , and the extrapolated limit is where is the matrix whose columns are the iterates starting at 2. The following 4 line MATLAB code segment implements the MPE algorithm: U = x(:, 2:end - 1) - x(:, 1:end - 2); c = - pinv(U) * (x(:, end) - x(:, end - 1)); c(end + 1, 1) = 1; s = (x(:, 2:end) * c) / sum(c); References Numerical analysis Articles with example MATLAB/Octave code
Agile Communication Environment (ACE) is a software product developed by Avaya. It uses a service-oriented architecture (SOA) and web services to integrate unified communications capabilities with business applications and processes. History Development started in 2005 by a group from Nortel's Maidenhead R&D center, developing a prototype unified communications application server. The product was officially announced at a joint Nortel/IBM event in New York and rebranded as Agile Communication Environment. Version 3.0.3 was released August 2012. See also Unified communications Service-oriented architecture Web service References External links "Nortel to Showcase New Unified Communications Capabilities at VoiceCon 2009" "Nortel Brings Unified Communications to Life at Unified Communications Expo 2009" IBM PartnerWorld > Global Solutions Directory > Agile Communications Environment "World's Local Bank" HSBC Deploys Nortel Unified Communications Solution Avaya Nortel products Service-oriented architecture-related products
, real name , is a former executive of Hudson Soft. Biography Joining Hudson Soft While Toshiyuki Takahashi worked at a supermarket, he decided to invest in a Sharp brand computer. Since the investment was substantial, Toshiyuki decided to learn programming with the BASIC language. At the same time, a friend of his was interviewed at Hudson Soft and invited him to come. The CEO recruited Toshiyuki for his "energy". Career at Hudson soft Toshiyuki Takahashi was primarily employed to sell computer software to resellers. He helped programmers with his programming skills after finishing his workday. After a year, he transferred to the marketing division. He convinced resellers to market Hudson Soft's first game for the Famicom: Lode Runner. Due to the success of his support, he became responsible for writing a book to learn BASIC with Family BASIC. Thereafter he ran a section devoted to the Famicom and tips related to Hudson Soft games in the CoroCoro Comic. Following the success of this column, the Shogakukan publishing house ceded stage time to the presentation of Championship Lode Runner at a festival. Toshiyuki Takahashi was appointed to present the game, and practiced to know the game by heart. It was very popular with the public (mainly made up of children). This success pushed Hudson Soft to organize tournaments dedicated to young audiences on the company's video games, the Hudson Caravan. Gaining popularity In August 1985, Toshiyuki Takahashi joined the Ohayō Studio team in which he presented games from Hudson Soft once a week. The show was watched by many middle school students and Toshiyuki Takahashi gained much popularity. The same year the first Hudson Caravans were organized. These were tournaments organized in several Japanese cities in which 250 young people attempt to achieve the best score. These tournaments were presented by Toshiyuki Takahashi and he used the nickname Takahashi Meijin. The popularity of Takahashi kept growing, and many derivative products emerged, such as a cartoon (with Bug-tte Honey), in manga, in film (in GAME KING) and in video games (with Adventure Island and Takahashi Meijin no Bug-tte Honey). 2000s In 1999, Toshiyuki Takahashi transferred to a new branch of Hudson Soft dedicated to card games, Future Bee Cards. In 2003, he was appointed communication manager and in 2006, he was awarded the title of Meijin by his company. On May 31, 2011, he left Hudson and joined Getcha Communications on June 1, 2011. He cited the disappearance of consumer games from Hudson's operations as the reason for his departure from Hudson. After negotiations with Hudson, he was allowed to continue to use the name "Takahashi Meijin." 16 shot per second Takahashi became famous for his fast trigger finger speed of 16 shots per second during the 1980s and is particularly known for his use of this skill in the game Star Soldier and the Family Computer version of Star Force. In an interview with Katsuhiro Harada, the producer of the Tekken series, he revealed that his trigger finger speed was actually filmed and counted to be 17 shots per second, but he rounded down to 16 because it had a "computer sound" to it. Later on in his life, his trigger speed was reduced to 130 presses per ten seconds. In the 2005-12-8 edition of Yaguchihitori show, he was only able to fire 12 shots per second. During the Star Soldier R challenge event in 2008-3-28, he fired at 12.3 shots per second. In various fiction featuring Takahashi Meijin, the "16 shots per second" milestone became a key plot element. Appearances Video games Takahashi appeared as a character in Hudson Soft's Hudson's Adventure Island series. In the US and Europe versions of the games, Takahashi's character was renamed "Master Higgins". In Wonder Boy Returns, the character's name is just called "Boy". Bug-tte Honey Saturn Bomberman DreamMix TV World Fighters Fairy Tail Gekitotsu! Kardia Daiseidō The Adventure Island character was also turned into an animated series titled Bug-tte Honey. Guest starring roles in civilian form include: Quiz Derby Game Center CX Pop Jam Yaguchihitori Culture SHOwQ Hyperdimension Neptunia Mk2 (Live action) Tetris Party Deluxe Anime Running Boy Star Soldier no Himitsu Bug-tte Honey Gintama Episode 98 Btooom! (Takanohashi) Barakamon Episode 4 Film Game King Takahashi Meijin vs Mouri Meijin Advertisement Hudson Soft: Shooting Watch Meiji Seika: Falcon High Score and Falcon Impulse ads Moonstar Shoes Sharp: Twin Famicom References External links (Defunct) by Ameba https://web.archive.org/web/20040727033752/http://www.hudson.co.jp/hde/vol006/omake/tr16/index.html http://www.wired.com/gamelife/2008/10/meet-takahashi/ http://www.tokyomango.com/tokyo_mango/2008/09/takahashi-meiji.html http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/3801/the_game_master_speaks_hudsons_.php http://www.nintendolife.com/news/2009/03/takahashi_meijin_interview_hudsons_adventure_island Japanese mascots Video game mascots 1959 births Hudson Soft Living people People from Sapporo
The Indian Association for Research in Computing Science (IARCS) provides leadership in computing within India. Its members are leading researchers in Computer Science drawn from major institutions from all over the country. Madhavan Mukund is the President of the association as of 2016. IARCS aims at promoting excellence in Computing. It does so by facilitating interaction amongst its members, acting as a bridge between Academia and Industry and finally by elevating the quality of Computer Science education within the country. IARCS runs the hugely successful and the longest running conference in computer science in India; International Conference on Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science. The FSTTCS conference is in its 26th year. Since its inception in 1981, the conference (held in the month of December) has helped in nurturing and creating an environment for exchange of ideas amongst the research community in the country by attracting top scientists around the world to the conference. IARCS recognizes the impact of computing science in school education. To actively promote good practices, it has become involved in the International Olympiad in Informatics (IOI). IARCS is involved in all aspects of training and selection of the young talent to represent the country at this prestigious Olympiad. It also recognizes a role for itself in correcting the biases in the current curriculum for computer science in the country. The national program is called Indian Computing Olympiad. IARCS has also initiated a new program to teach the teachers as a way of spreading knowledge down to the grassroots level. External links Official website Computer science organizations
Exceed may refer to: Exceed, enterprise software produced by Hummingbird Ltd. eXceed, a video game series by Nyu Media Exceed, a fictional race of anthropomorphic winged cats in the manga and anime series Fairy Tail See also Exeed
ISA Communications Services, Inc. (ISACOMM) was a long-distance telephone company headquartered in Atlanta. It was the first telephone company to offer a virtual network service to corporations and the first to offer codec-based videoconferencing services. The company was also a pioneer in shared tenant services, by which a commercial landlord includes telecommunications services in its lease package. Formation ISACOMM began as a concept within Insurance Systems of America (ISA), an Atlanta company founded in 1970 to write and license applications software for the insurance industry. Sensing an opportunity in the telecommunications market, ISA created ISACOMM in 1978. Several insurance companies took minority ownership positions in ISACOMM, but ISA retained majority ownership. The founders of ISACOMM were Richard C. Smith, an executive from ISA, and Kenneth H. Crandall, a principal in the creation of Satellite Business Systems (SBS). Smith and Crandall were ISACOMM's CEO and CTO, respectively. Smith later became CEO of Telcordia. ISACOMM's business plan was to buy long-distance voice and data services from SBS in bulk and to resell the services to corporations whose networks were not large enough individually to justify their own SBS earth stations. ISACOMM contracted with SBS for earth stations around the United States and then leased ports on those earth stations to individual corporations. Thus, ISACOMM was an aggregator of traffic for SBS; at one point, ISACOMM was the second largest customer of SBS. For calls that terminated off the SBS network, ISACOMM provided seamless interconnect with local telephone companies and, where necessary, AT&T. By leveraging the technology and capital investment of SBS and other carriers, ISACOMM could produce a high return on equity even with modest operating margins. Marketing Customers of ISACOMM understood their relationship to be with ISACOMM, not SBS. As an interstate carrier, ISACOMM was subject to regulation by the Federal Communications Commission and had to file its own tariffs, although progressive deregulation of the industry made the tariff process increasingly irrelevant. The original target market for ISACOMM was the insurance industry, with whom the ISACOMM management had strong connections arising from the history of ISA. However, ISACOMM quickly pursued the Fortune 500 (except for those corporations who were large enough to be served directly by SBS). ISACOMM did not sell long-distance services to consumers. ISACOMM's principal competitor was AT&T. The success of ISACOMM in winning customers away from AT&T, at the same time that MCI and Sprint were doing likewise, provided confirmation that open competition in the long-distance market was viable. Technology Beyond voice and data services, ISACOMM became a leader in videoconferencing by installing videoconferencing rooms around the country, initially using the SBS network for connectivity and subsequently using its own earth station network. ISACOMM engineered each room and provided a centralized reservations facility. These videoconference rooms could be reserved by corporations on an hourly basis, under the brand of the Meeting Channel. Arrangements were made with Bell Canada and British Telecom to extend the videoconferencing capability over international circuits. ISACOMM operated its own "back office" for customer billing and network analysis. The back office was unusual in that it relied almost completely upon systems from Tandem Computers. Tandem systems were originally bought by ISACOMM to power a transaction routing service that connected insurance companies with independent insurance agents, an early form of electronic commerce. ISACOMM was a reference account for Tandem in the telecommunications sector. Evolution In 1981 United Telecommunications, Inc. of Westwood, Kansas (United Telecom) acquired ISA, including its majority ownership of ISACOMM. United Telecom was developing its strategy to evolve from a local telephone company into a major player in the long-distance market. This strategy ultimately led to the deployment of a nationwide fiber optic network that replaced satellites as the basis for ISACOMM's services. In a series of M&A transactions, ISACOMM was pooled with US Telecom (which United Telecom separately acquired) and GTE's Sprint into a transitional joint venture between United Telecom and GTE known as US Sprint. ISACOMM became the National Accounts Division of US Sprint. Several years later, United Telecom acquired GTE's stake in the joint venture and adopted the Sprint name for the parent corporation. Sprint subsequently merged with Nextel to become Sprint Nextel Corporation. References Telecommunications companies of the United States Telecommunications companies established in 1970 Technology companies disestablished in 1981 Companies based in Atlanta 1970 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state) 1981 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state) 1981 mergers and acquisitions
Microsoft Connected Services Framework (CSF) is a discontinued service-aggregation SOA platform from Microsoft. Developed on the .NET Framework, CSF enables scalable, loosely coupled service-based solutions. The session is the core component of the framework involved in routing messages between participants (participants may be .NET components or web services). Complex Routing can be accomplished by external .NET or BizTalk driver services. CSF is not a replacement for BizTalk; rather, it simplifies orchestrations by removing service specific operations and allowing focus on business/process logic. External links Connected Services Framework Documentation Connected Services Framework Developer Center Connected Services Framework Team Blog .NET Framework software Service-oriented architecture-related products
Etak, Inc. was an independent US-based vendor of automotive navigation system equipment, digital maps, and mapping software. It was founded in 1983. Its original headquarters were in Sunnyvale, but the company later moved to 1430 O'Brien Drive (View on OpenStreetMap) in Menlo Park, California. The company finally ceased to exist under the name "Etak" shortly after its acquisition by Tele Atlas in 2000. In its time, it was a pioneer in commercializing automotive navigation systems and digital mapping, technologies that have since entered the mainstream. Founding of the Company Etak's initial start-up funding came from Nolan Bushnell, famous for starting Atari and Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza Time Theater. "[Co-founder Stan Honey] was doing military-related research at SRI International in 1983 when he sailed with Pong inventor and Atari founder Nolan Bushnell to victory in a Transpac race. Bushnell was impressed with Honey's navigational electronics and asked whether he had any other ideas. Honey suggested a car navigation system. Bushnell gave him $500,000 in seed money, and digital-mapping firm Etak (named after a Polynesian term for navigation) was born." Etak's Navigator was the first commercially available automotive navigation system of any practical significance. Etak initially delivered the hardware system, the maps and dynamic content for its automotive navigation system. Early Etak product literature claimed that "Etak" was an ancient Polynesian term that described navigating intuitively by the stars. Etak Navigator Etak's initial product, the Navigator, was introduced in 1985. This system was the precursor to today's GPS-based automotive navigation systems, many of which trace a direct line of descent to Etak's technology. The original Etak Navigator was a specially-packaged Intel 8088-based system with 256K RAM, 32K EPROM, 2K SRAM, and a cassette tape drive on which digital maps and some of the operating system were stored. The tapes could not hold much information, so for the Los Angeles area, for example, three to four tapes were required. When an edge of the map was reached, the driver needed to change cassette tapes to continue benefitting from the accuracy of map-matching. The system had a tape drive that was designed to be installed within easy reach of the driver, so this could be done while driving. The map moved on the screen as the car was driven, but instead of the color raster graphics display of today's systems it had a green vector display. The Navigator had address geocoding (the ability to convert a street address to a latitude/longitude point). It worked by using a digital compass mounted somewhere in the car (typically inside the headliner) and two wheel sensors mounted on the non-driven wheels (with magnetic strips installed on the wheel rims themselves). The system used map-matching augmented dead reckoning. The user entered the location of the car where it was first installed, and took it on a short calibration drive. From then on, the system self-corrected: error accumulated through dead reckoning could usually be reduced by checking to see if the current location and direction of movement corresponded to a street in the map data. These and other techniques developed by Etak would perhaps now be viewed as very high-end features for a car navigation system. At the time, however, because there was no GPS to provide an approximate absolute location, they were critically important. The move to digital mapping The Navigator enjoyed a brief vogue, selling a few thousand units in a few years, and even finding its way to the dashboard of pop star Michael Jackson. It also appeared in a 1991 feature film "Nothing But Trouble", shown being used in a BMW by Chevy Chase and Demi Moore (albeit with a color display). However, Etak did not have the financial resources for mass production of improved models of the Navigator. In 1985, Etak had entered into an exclusive agreement with General Motors, under which they would have to continue paying Etak a certain minimum amount regardless of whether GM's Delco Electronics division fielded a car navigation product. Etak stopped making its own hardware and focused more on digital mapping technology with its Etak Maps and EtakGuide products. The transition away from automotive navigation engineering activities was gradual. Etak licensed its car navigation technology to other companies, notably Clarion in Japan, Bosch (Blaupunkt) in Germany (as the TravelPilot), as with Delco earlier. Etak continued to provide engineering support for the productization efforts of its licensees (except in the case of Delco, from which no product was forthcoming), and continued to develop and support vertical market fleet vehicle applications that used both the original Navigator and the TravelPilot as in-vehicle platforms. As early as 1987, Etak was mapping Japanese cities. However, this was in an era of conflict between the U.S. and Japan in the automotive market. Japan had gotten an earlier start in car navigation efforts with Honda's Electro Gyrocator and other projects, but had not created a successful product. It has been argued that the Japanese government shielded its own manufacturers, and Etak might have been shut out in its mapping efforts even after having been allowed in. As reported in Fortune magazine in 1992: "[Etak] was the first to begin electronic mapping of Japanese cities in 1987, hoping to enable ambulance services and others to find addresses on computer screens. But a year later the government decided that Etak needed a license. By the time it came through, the company's head start was gone and a Japanese competitor had moved in." Etak's acquisition (for a reported $25 million) by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation marked a decisive change in emphasis. Murdoch had been persuaded that digital maps would be a major advertising medium, and Etak was arguably the leader in mapping the markets of major nations. Sony Corporation in 1995 announced the Sony NVX-F160 system using Etak's digital mapping software. In April 1997, after Sony acquired Etak, Sony launched the "SkyMap" portable GPS system. Originally marketed to business travelers, SkyMap included two CD-ROMs (Eastern and Western US), a remote control, dashboard GPS antenna, and a PCMCIA card for laptops. Recreational vehicle owners became a surprise market for the SkyMap product. Etak was involved in many web and mobile initiatives during the dotcom boom, and partnered in the release of the first consumer internet-enabled Location-Based mobile applications. Expansion and Consolidation In 1995 News Corp expanded Etak's field operations unit to more quickly create accurate maps of major US cities. The majority of a second building at 1605 Adams Drive in Menlo Park (around the corner from the first building) was leased by Etak to house a map library, Sun SPARC digitizing stations, and field operations in early 1995. Prior to this, all national field operations were out of the Menlo Park office. Field offices, staffed by between 6-16 personnel, were opened in (in order of opening): Detroit, New York, Los Angeles, Seattle, Washington, D.C., Miami, Chicago, Houston, Atlanta and Orlando. Starting in 1996, a highways project was started to capture geometry, geo-location, services, and navigation attributes along the interstate and federal and state highway systems. Under Sony's ownership, urban core projects were started in 1997 in Portland, Sacramento, Boston, New York, Las Vegas, San Diego, Dallas, San Antonio, Kansas City, Milwaukee, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, Philadelphia, Indianapolis, and Kokomo, Indiana, due to the agreement with GM's Delphi (formerly Delco) unit. As the Etak map database was built (on old TIGER files) and updated, the field operations unit reassigned personnel to smaller satellite offices. The Miami field office, blocked by the Orlando office, was shuttered, and its personnel moved to Minneapolis, St. Louis, and Phoenix. In March 1998, the Chicago, Atlanta, Seattle, and Washington D.C. offices were closed, and headcount at remaining offices was reduced. On June 4, 1998, all remaining field offices were closed, marking the end of independent mapping efforts under the Etak banner. Acquisitions Etak went through a number of acquisitions. Etak was acquired in 1989 by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation. It was during this time that Fox Sports' FoxTrax hockey puck was introduced for use in NHL telecasts, using Etak GPS technology (there is a display in the Etak lobby). News Corporation then sold Etak to Sony Corporation in May 1996. In May 2000, Etak, Inc. was acquired from Sony Corporation by Tele Atlas and became Tele Atlas North America. Etak, Inc. ceased to exist as a separate company soon after. References External links "History of Navigation Research" – UC Berkeley Car Navigation Systems AUTO-SCOUT, TravelPilot based on ETAK system "Unix Benefits Digital Mapping" – UniNews Online Article, undated, describing a presentation on Etak and the GIS market Patent References – Previous Art Reference in Patent by Trimble Inc of ETAK Navigator "Etak Enhances Its Digital Map Databases Nationwide to Extend Functionality" (Tele Atlas press release), June 7, 1999 "Article from Royal Institute of Navigation conference in 1985" - Technical description of the original ETAK Navigator 1985 "the-forgotten-story-of-etaks-amazing-1985-car-navigation-system" - Article from FastCompany July 2015 Benj Edwards "MIT Professor gives Prehistoric car navigation system a road test" - Article from the San Jose Mercury News "First-Hand: Etak, an early vehicle navigation system" - Article posted at the Engineering and Technology History Wiki "early ETAK files and photos" - early ETAK staff photos, articles, first product brochure Navigation system companies Companies based in Menlo Park, California Former News Corporation subsidiaries Former Sony subsidiaries
The Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform of Vitali Klitschko (; the acronym UDAR () translates to "strike" or "punch", ) is a political party in Ukraine headed by retired Ukrainian professional heavyweight boxer and the WBC world heavyweight champion emeritus Vitali Klitschko. The party has been an observer member of the European People's Party (EPP) since 2013. Legally the party is the successor of Political Party "European Capital" (, Russian: Политическая партия "Европейская столица") which was registered in March 2005. In its last outing the party was founded on April 24, 2010, on the basis of the Vitali Klitschko Bloc (, Russian: Блок Виталия Кличко), a local political alliance in Kyiv (the capital of Ukraine). The party won 40 seats in the Ukrainian parliament in the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election. In the 2014 parliamentary election, 30% of the Petro Poroshenko Bloc election list was filled by members of UDAR (as non-partisan) and UDAR leader Klitschko topped that list. The Petro Poroshenko Bloc won the election with 132 seats. UDAR officially merged into the Petro Poroshenko Bloc on 28 August 2015. In May 2019 Klitschko announced that UDAR would take part independently in the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election. In this election UDAR did compete as an independent party again, but only in 15 single-mandate constituencies and it failed to win any seats. In the 2020 Kyiv local election UDAR won 30 of the 120 seats of the Kyiv City Council. In the same election Klitschko was reelected as Mayor of Kyiv with 50.52% of the votes. History Political Party "European Capital" The Political Party "European Capital" was registered in March 2005 (its party-leader was Ukrainian businessman Lev Partshaladze) and the party gained 0.04% of the votes during the Ukrainian parliamentary elections 2006; the party did not participate in the 2007 Ukrainian parliamentary elections. In February 2009 the party renamed itself Political Party "New Country". Lev Partshaladze was elected into the Kyiv City Council for the Vitaliy Klychko Bloc in 2008, but expelled from the faction, for repeatedly voting differently from the faction, on 2 December 2010. Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform On a party congress, held on 24 April 2010, the Political Party "New Country" (founded in 2005 as Political Party "European Capital and renamed into "New Country" 14 months before April 2010) renamed itself into Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform and elected boxer Vitali Klitschko as its leader. The party officially became Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform (UDAR) of Vitali Klitschko mid-July 2010. During the 2010 Ukrainian local elections the party won about 400 representatives in municipalities and Oblast Councils (regional parliaments). The Bloc of Vitali Klitschko faction in the Kyiv City Council changed its name to UDAR of Vitali Klitschko in February 2011. The party has a strong popularity in Kyiv. In September 2011 party leader Klitschko stated that the party was considering the possibility of merging with other political parties before contending in the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary elections. In December 2011 UDAR of Vitali Klitschko and Civil Position where negotiating a unification. But Civil Position eventionally joined Batkivshchyna during these elections. UDAR became a partner of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany in November 2011. Udar is supported by the German government and the Konrad Adenauer Foundation and received support in particular from Angela Merkel and also politicians from the conservative European People's Party. According to information gained by the German magazine DER SPIEGEL, the target was to "set up Klitschko purposefully as a new strong man in Kiew - in order to counter this way the Kremlin's growing influence". Support consisted in logistics, training and joint performances. Assistance was also promised by Christoph Heusgen, Ronald Pofalla and Guido Westerwelle. UDAR did not join the Dictatorship Resistance Committee; but on 22 January 2012 it did sign an agreement on joint actions with that alliance. Starting in March 2010 the party's popularity in opinion polls reached a level almost twice as high as the election threshold (which was raised to 5% in November 2011). The election list of the party was a mixture of candidates who used to represent parties from all over the political spectrum of Ukraine. After a successful application the European People's Party started on 5 April 2012 the process of making UDAR an observer member of the organization. In July 2012 party leader Klychko stated that his party would not cooperate with the Party of Regions in a new parliament. Early August 2012 the party complained its candidates for people's deputies (and all other parties not involved in the first Azarov Government) suffered "psychological and physical pressure" and this "ten times higher than other parties". Two weeks before the 28 October 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election UDAR withdrew 26 of its candidates running in single-member constituencies in favour of Batkivshchyna candidates and Batkivshchyna withdrew 26 parliamentary candidates in favor of UDAR in an attempt to maximise votes for the opposition. In the election the party won 13.97% of the national votes and 6 constituencies (it had competed in 183 of the 225 constituencies) and thus 40 parliamentary seats. Support for UDAR was the least diversified at the regional level compared with the results of the other leading parties. Independent candidates Yaroslav Dubnevych and Fedir Nehoi joined the UDAR parliamentary faction on 12 December 2012; the same day party leader Klitschko was elected to lead the party's faction. The party is coordinating its parliamentary activities with Batkivshchyna and Svoboda. Late December 2012 UDAR and the United National Movement from Georgia signed a cooperation agreement. In May 2013 UDAR, Batkivshchyna and Svoboda vowed to coordinate their actions during the 2015 Ukrainian presidential election. On 6 September 2013 the party was granted "observer status" in the European People's Party. Party leader Klitschko confirmed on 28 February 2014 that he would take part in the 2014 Ukrainian presidential election(, this also ended the May 2013 agreement to coordinate with Batkivshchyna and Svoboda). But on 29 March 2014 announced that he had changed his mind and would run for the post of Mayor of Kyiv in the 2014 Kyiv local election (including Mayoral elections) set for 25 May 2014. In the 2014 Ukrainian presidential election Klitschko endorsed the candidacy of Petro Poroshenko. Klitschko won Kyiv's mayoral elections with almost 57% of the votes. Poroshenko was elected President of Ukraine on 25 May 2014. Klitschko was sworn in as Mayor on 5 June 2014. The same day the Ukrainian parliament had deprived Klitschko of his MP mandate (Ukrainian MPs are not entitled to combine parliamentary activities with any other public employment). Hence Vitaliy Kovalchuk was elected to lead the party's faction in parliament on 7 June 2014. Merge into the Petro Poroshenko Bloc On 2 September Kovalchuk stated that since his party and Petro Poroshenko Bloc had agreed to "joint participation in parliamentary elections" on 29 March 2014 the two parties were "in discussion" about "the format" for how to do so in the (late) October 2014 Ukrainian parliamentary election. On 15 September it became clear that 30% of the Petro Poroshenko Bloc election list would be filled by members of UDAR and that UDAR leader Vitali Klitschko is at the top of this list, Klitschko vowed not to resign as incumbent Mayor of Kyiv. Petro Poroshenko Bloc went on to win the 2014 Ukrainian parliamentary election with 132 seats; surpassing the runner up People's Front which won 82 seats. However, People's Front did perform better than the Petro Poroshenko Bloc with 0.33% in the nationwide election under party lists (22.14% against 21.81%) but the party did win 69 constituency seats while People's Front won only 18 constituencies. On 28 August 2015 Petro Poroshenko Bloc and UDAR merged into 1 party, Petro Poroshenko Bloc. At the unifying congress (of 28 August 2015) Klitschko was elected as leader of this party. In 2017 UDAR was still registered as a political party and it employed two persons. According to former UDAR member and Ukrainian lawmaker Dmytro Belotserkovets it was necessary that "the party performs only the technical functions necessary in terms of Ukrainian legislation." Return as a political party On 18 May 2019 party leader Klitschko announced that the party would take part in the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election. On 4 June Klitschko offered former President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili to join the leadership of his party and to take part in the July 2019 early parliamentary elections with UDAR, Saakashvili turned down the offer. In the July 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election the party only competed in 15 single-mandate constituencies. It failed to win any seats. The party's most successful candidate was who won 14.83% of the votes in constituency 89 located in Sniatyn (Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast). Its second most successful candidate, Valentyn Mondryivskyi, gained 4.84% of the votes in Kyiv's Podilskyi District. In the election for Mayor of Kyiv of the 2020 Kyiv local election UDAR nominated incumbent mayor Klitschko as their candidate. Klitschko was last reelected in the election with 50.52% of the votes, in the first round of the election. UDAR won 30 Kyiv City Council seats in the 2020 Kyiv local election. In total in the whole of Ukraine the party gained 187 deputies (0.43% of all available mandates). In the elections for the Kyiv Oblast Council the party did not win any seats after finishing 9th place in the election. Ideology and political positions UDAR tends to avoid sensitive and polarising subjects and focuses instead on popular topics, such as more empowerment to ordinary Ukrainians and a ruthless campaign against corruption, the indifference of the authorities, the lack of local governance, inequality, and poverty. The party wants to "unleash the power of the state and provide conditions for welfare". The party is in favor of the Association Agreement between Ukraine and the European Union (EU). It has made no stance on a possible NATO membership of Ukraine. UDAR wants to overcome social inequality with "the abandonment of the idea of cheap labor". In education, the party wants to bring education in Ukraine to "European standards" by "development of external testing and monitoring the quality of education". UDAR wants to return to a 12-year compulsory secondary education with specialized training in the last two classes and three cycles of learning in higher education – bachelor's degree, master's degree and postgraduate. It also wants to guarantee autonomy of educational institutions by legislation. The party wants to combat corruption in Ukraine with more transparency and the creation of an independent anti-corruption agency. UDAR wants to reduce the number of state agencies in order "to minimize the interaction of the citizen with an official". And it wants to simplify procedures for registering property. It wants to reduce the number of taxes from 23 to 7 and to generally simplify the taxing system. "Owners of the land for agricultural purposes" should only be citizens of Ukraine. UDAR wants to abolish the privileges of the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada (Ukraine's parliament) and former Presidents of Ukraine and to reduce benefits for current parliamentarians. The party has pledged to "reboot" the court system, and "reinforce the control of the public over elections". The party is in favor of holding Citizens' initiatives after 150,000 signatures are collected. The party is in favor of elections with regional open lists and mayoral elections in two rounds. In local elections, it favors a voting age of 16 (currently 18). It also wants to introduce in Ukraine a law on impeachment of the President of Ukraine. The party wants to simplify procedures for the establishment and registration of public and charitable organizations. In June 2013, the party's parliamentary faction voted for the denunciation of the 2010 Ukrainian–Russian Naval Base for Natural Gas treaty. Election results Verkhovna Rada Kyiv City Council Leaders Notes References External links (Official) website with UDAR candidates for the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election 2010 establishments in Ukraine Centrist parties in Ukraine Euromaidan Klitschko brothers Liberal parties in Ukraine Parliamentary factions in Ukraine Parties related to the European People's Party Political parties established in 2010 Pro-European political parties in Ukraine
Vigor or vigour may refer to: Companies Vigor S.A., a Brazilian food company Vigor Industrial, an American shipbuilding, ship repair, and industrial service provider in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska Vigor Shipyards, four shipyards in Washington state and Oregon Vigor Gaming, a manufacturer of personal computers from 2004 to 2010 Vehicles Honda Vigor, a premium car produced from 1981 to 1995 Vickers VR180 Vigor, a British 1950s tractor Football clubs Vigor Lamezia, an Italian football club based in Lamezia Terme, Calabria FK Vigør, a Norwegian football club from Hellemyr, Kristiansand People Vigor (name), a list of people with the surname or given name Other uses Operation Vigour, a 1992 UK Royal Air Force operation – see List of Royal Air Force operations Vigor (software), a parody clone of vi for UNIX HTC Vigor, a codename for the HTC Rezound smartphone Vigor High School, a public school in Prichard, Alabama, United States Vigour (film), also called Kracht, a 1990 Dutch drama film directed by Frouke Fokkema Vigor (video game), a looter shooter video game by Bohemia Interactive Vigors, special abilities in the video game BioShock Infinite See also Vigors (disambiguation) Vigorous (disambiguation)
The Sumukan Limited v Commonwealth Secretariat case was first heard in February 2005 before the internal, administrative tribunal of the Commonwealth Secretariat [CSAT] and on 20 February 2006 an appeal was heard in the Commercial Court of England and Wales before Mr Justice Colman. Overview In this lawsuit, the Commonwealth Secretariat is being sued in the UK courts by a British dot com company that claims that the Secretariat has expropriated the company's auction and online tender software. The Commonwealth Secretariat has in the past relied on its diplomatic immunity to avoid the UK courts (see Mohsin v Commonwealth Secretariat), but since April 2005, a new act, the International Organisations Act 2005 has been passed granting it full immunity in the UK. However the Sumukan case commenced before this came into force. Case Sumukan Limited, a London-based dot-com start-up, sued the Commonwealth for expropriating the ownership of its e-commerce software. The British company said it was asked to demonstrate its software to an African government [the government of Namibia] as part of a Commonwealth aid program. The company said it was told that if the government liked the product they would subsequently license it in a three-year deal. It signed a very short consulting agreement for the demonstration for £15,000. The parties fell out because the Secretariat changed internal staff and the new programme office, questioned his predecessor's actions and refused to pay travel expenses and fees for the consulting. Approximately two years later, the Secretariat additionally began to claim ownership of the website developed by the company as well as the software toolkit which Sumukan had used to create its demonstration to the Namibian and South African governments. Sumukan's barrister, Rhodri Thompson QC of Matrix Chambers described the situation thus at the hearing of 20 February 2006: 'Imagine that you have engaged a painter to paint your house. When he has finished painting your house, you decide you own his brushes and ladder'. Sumukan values its software toolkit as worth over several hundreds of thousands of pounds. Unfortunately for the dotcom company, the diplomatic immunity granted to the Secretariat under the Commonwealth Secretariat Act 1965 meant there was no initial access to the UK courts. The company was forced to take the matter to an internal tribunal set up by the Commonwealth, all of whose jurists were appointed by the London-born Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon. In February 2005, the three-person panel of Commonwealth jurists found the Commonwealth Secretariat owned all the software used in the demonstration, a decision that UK lawyers have described as 'absurd'. On 20 February 2006, Sumukan's appeal on a point of law relating to ownership of the software was heard in the UK commercial courts. Justice Colman found that the Commonwealth Secretariat internal tribunal's judgment was indeed open to serious doubt as claimed by the dotcom company. It was also agreed that the matter was one of general public importance. Nevertheless, Justice Colman found that because the Secretariat's internal rules stated that there was no right of appeal from its tribunal [a fact that the company was not aware of when it entered into the consulting agreement], consequently the company was excluded from bringing the matter up in the UK courts. He gave permission to appeal on this point. Sumukan had argued that the internal rules of the Commonwealth Secretariat, which prevented appeal to the UK courts, combined with the Commonwealth Secretariat Act which granted immunity to the Commonwealth Secretariat was a violation of their Article 6 rights under the European Human Rights Act, namely the right to an independent and impartial court. Sumukan has also claimed that their European Human Rights Act Article 1 Right to the peaceful enjoyment of their property has been violated by the Commonwealth Secretariat. It was also Justice Colman's view that he did not have substantive jurisdiction [again due to the immunity of the Commonwealth Secretariat] to make any ruling on the substantive points of the case. However he went on to say that the judgment of the Commonwealth Secretariat Arbitral Tribunal was 'open to serious doubt'. The company also argued that Commonwealth Secretariat Arbitral Tribunal exhibits serious irregularities and is not compliant with the requirements of article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which ensures the right to an independent and impartial tribunal. Result of Court of Appeal: Failure to comply with proper procedure in appointing an arbitrator rendered the appointment invalid and the award a nullity. References External links "Power to hear appeal on whether exclusion agreement valid", Times Online Sumukan Ltd v Commonwealth Secretariat [2007] EWHC 188 (Comm) (14 February 2007) Commonwealth Secretariat English case law 2005 in United Kingdom case law 2006 in United Kingdom case law
Anne Cleary (born 1965 in Tullamore, Ireland) is an installation and video artist. Work Cleary and her partner Denis Connolly, both architects by education, have developed an art practice centred on observer participation. Their work addresses a heterogeneous public and often involves collaboration with artists from other disciplines, in particular dancers (such as Cindy Cummings), writers (such as the poet Derry O'Sullivan), musicians (such as DinahBird and Jean-Philippe Renaud) and craftsmen (such as carriage-builder Neil McKenzie). They are among Ireland's foremost new-media artists, regularly incorporating innovative new technologies into their work to produce art that is both engaging and significant. Cleary Connolly's work is always participatory art, both in its creative process and in its final engagement with the spectator. They coined the term “observer participation” to describe their work, affirming that an artwork is not just an observation on the world but an active participation in the world. Over the last five years they have been awarded more than a dozen public commissions, in Ireland, Britain and France, each involving a participative process as well as the creation and installation of one or several permanent artworks. Their recent exhibitions include a 9-month show of three installations at the Casino at Marino, Dublin in 2013; a show in Spring 2013 celebrating the Irish presidency of the EU with installations at Hôtel de Ville, Paris and at the Irish College in Paris; and a show of five "Meta-perceptual Helmets" at the Natural History Museum (Ireland) in November 2014. In 2008-2009 they had a 3-month show at the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris. Publications include Moving Dublin, a book and DVD, published in April 2009 by Gandon Editions. They were awarded the 2009 AIB Award for Irish artists of exceptional potential. They live together in Paris with their twin daughters. Publications 2011 - In the Works Gandon Editions, Kinsale. 2009 - Moving Dublin incl. DVD. Gandon Editions, Kinsale. 2007 - Past and Presence incl. DVD. Gandon Editions, Kinsale. Awards 2009 - AIB Award for Irish artists of exceptional potential. 2005 - EV+A 2005 award. 2003 - Best Documentary Film Prize, Kerry Film Festival. 2000 - Moving Image Award, Cork Film Centre, Cork. References External links Preview of the Meta-Perceptual Helmets in The Irish Times, 10 November 2014. Interview and presentation of Look Both Ways on France24, 8 April 2013. Review of The Absent Architect in The Irish Times, 29 May 2013. Centre Pompidou Pourquoi Pas toi? 15 October 2008 - 12 January 2009 Circa 118 Review of Here There Now Then, LCGA, 2006. cityloops.net Moving Dublin Project Site. connolly-cleary.com presenting videos, texts and photos by the artists. 1965 births Living people Irish contemporary artists 20th-century Irish women artists 21st-century Irish women artists
Softonic.com is a web portal based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It was founded in June 1997 and is owned by Softonic International. History Softonic started in 1996 as a file-oriented download service called Shareware Intercom, at Intercom Online (Grupo Intercom), a provider of Internet services in Cerdanyola del Vallès, near Barcelona (Catalonia, Spain). Files for the website originally came from the "Files Library Intercom BBS" at Intercom Online, using a "5-step semi-automated process", which was later greatly simplified. The company also offered monthly CDs of its software library for users tired of "having to wait for downloads to complete or pay exorbitant phone bills." In 1999, the service was described as having a "generosity of games, antivirus, education and the long, seductive etcetera." In 2000, the company became independent under the name Softonic. In 2004, Softonic was made available in German, and in 2005, English. Initially the service was oriented only to downloads of DOS and Windows software, but it evolved to offer software downloads for Mac and mobile platforms. Softonic was listed as the "Best place to work in Spain (100–250 employees)" in an annual study by the Great Place to Work Institute from 2009–2011, and as second-best in 2008. In 2009 and 2011, the site was listed as having the most unique visitor traffic in Spain by audit bureau OJD Interactiva. At the end of 2014, Softonic announced that a headcount reduction procedure would be carried out as a cost-cutting measure, allegedly due to financial and organizational reasons. In December, the company formalized the dismissal of 156 employees, against the initial estimation of 207. In February 2015, Softonic announced that industry veteran and Download.com co-founder Scott Arpajian had been appointed as CEO of Softonic, replacing Founder Tomás Diago. In July 2016, Softonic announced a partnership with business software platform Crozdesk. In May 2017, the company announced that it had hired international executive Sophie Bernard as Vice President of Strategy. In October 2019, Softonic acquired Ghacks. Softonic acquired FileHippo; the FileHippo home page states "Softonic International, S.A. holds the license to use the name and logo of Filehippo". Softonic offers free download via Microsoft Windows Store of popular TRIO Office Suite software. Controversies Softonic's "Softonic Downloader" was described by the company's CEO Scott Arpajian as having "facilitated bad behaviour amongst third party vendors which ended up harming the user", with malicious links impersonating the downloader itself. Arpajian said that the Downloader "grew revenue but was under the microscope as far as the industry was concerned, in particularly Google", who went on to withdraw its advertising from the site in 2014. Arpajian said that shutting down the Softonic Downloader was one of the first things he had done when he took over the company in February 2015, and that his intention was to regain the trust of the site's users. References Companies based in Barcelona Download websites File hosting Internet properties established in 1997 Spanish brands Malware
Picogen is a rendering system for the creation and rendering of artificial terrain, based on ray tracing. It is free software. Overview While the primary purpose of picogen is to display realistic 3D terrain, both in terms of terrain formation and image plausibility, it also is a heightmap-creation tool, in which heightmaps are programmed in a syntax reminiscent of Lisp. The shading system is partially programmable. Example features Whitted-Style ray tracer for quick previews Rudimentary path tracer for high quality results Partial implementation of Preetham's Sun-/Skylight Model Procedural heightmaps, though before rendering they are tesselated Frontends Currently there is a frontend to picogen, called picogen-wx (based on wxWidgets). It is encapsulated from picogen and thus communicates with it on command-line level. Picogen-wx provides several panels to design the different aspects of a landscape, e.g. the Sun/Sky- or the Terrain-Texture-Panel. Each panel has its own preview window, though each preview window can be reached from any other panel. Landscapes can be loaded and saved through an own, simple XML-based file format, and images of arbitrary size (including antialiasing) can be saved. References External links picogens DeviantArt-Group-Page Free 3D graphics software 3D rendering software for Linux Global illumination software Rendering systems Free software programmed in C++ Software that uses wxWidgets
In computer science, k-approximation of k-hitting set is an approximation algorithm for weighted hitting set. The input is a collection S of subsets of some universe T and a mapping W from T to non-negative numbers called the weights of the elements of T. In k-hitting set the size of the sets in S cannot be larger than k. That is, . The problem is now to pick some subset T' of T such that every set in S contains some element of T', and such that the total weight of all elements in T' is as small as possible. The algorithm For each set in S is maintained a price, , which is initially 0. For an element a in T, let S(a) be the collection of sets from S containing a. During the algorithm the following invariant is kept We say that an element, a, from T is tight if . The main part of the algorithm consists of a loop: As long as there is a set in S that contains no element from T which is tight, the price of this set is increased as much as possible without violating the invariant above. When this loop exits, all sets contain some tight element. Pick all the tight elements to be the hitting set. Correctness The algorithm always terminates because in each iteration of the loop the price of some set in S is increased enough to make one more element from T tight. If it cannot increase any price, it exits. It runs in polynomial time because the loop will not make more iterations than the number of elements in the union of all the sets of S. It returns a hitting set, because when the loop exits, all sets in S contain a tight element from T, and the set of these tight elements are returned. Note that for any hitting set T* and any prices where the invariant from the algorithm is true, the total weight of the hitting set is an upper limit to the sum over all members of T* of the sum of the prices of sets containing this element, that is: . This follows from the invariant property. Further, since the price of every set must occur at least once on the left hand side, we get . Especially, this property is true for the optimal hitting set. Further, for the hitting set H returned from the algorithm above, we have . Since any price can appear at most k times in the left-hand side (since subsets of S can contain no more than k element from T) we get Combined with the previous paragraph we get , where T* is the optimal hitting set. This is exactly the guarantee that it is a k-approximation algorithm. Relation to linear programming This algorithm is an instance of the primal-dual method, also called the pricing method. The intuition is that it is dual to a linear programming algorithm. For an explanation see http://algo.inria.fr/seminars/sem00-01/vazirani.html. References . . Approximation algorithms
"Chemtrails" is a 2008 single by American musician Beck. The song, taken from his eleventh studio album, Modern Guilt, was released digitally on June 22, 2008. The artwork for the single uses a design based on Houndstooth patterning. Release and reception "Chemtrails" was premiered by Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1 on May 19, 2008. The song was made available to stream from Beck's official website and his MySpace. The song was available to download on June 22, 2008, or a day later in the United States, as well as a pre-order of Modern Guilt. The song's title refers to the chemtrail conspiracy theory, as do the lyrics: "I can't believe/What we've seen outside/You and me/Watching the jets go by". The critical reception for "Chemtrails" was highly positive. Kitty Empire of The Observer compared the "beautiful" song to a clash between The Beatles and My Bloody Valentine. USA Today featured the song on its weekly playlist, complimenting Beck's "eerie falsetto over slow-building industrialized Radiohead-like ambience." Billboard said that "Beck's falsetto singing rides along a bouncing bassline and crashing drums, with Danger Mouse's trademark production touches filing [sic] the crannies." Pitchfork's Ryan Dombal called it "the record's best psych-rock showing" and the song featured "a wicked drum exhibition" The song was described as "trippy" by MTV News. "Chemtrails" received high praise for "its woozy textures ... with Beck's distracted vocal and a busy drum track complementing each other perfectly." James Lawrenson, writing for ClickMusic, said the song was "like a more electrified Sea Change, ambient and slightly sombre, but beautiful nonetheless." The review described the song's "synth washes and sparse instrumentation" as creating "an airy, atmospheric feel." As promotion for the album, limited edition copies of a "Chemtrails" 7" were distributed to independent record stores and were given to customers upon purchase of the album. The B-side is a song entitled "Vampire Voltage No. 6". Copies made in the UK were pressed on glow-in-the-dark white vinyl, while copies made for the US were pressed on standard black vinyl. In Italy, this song is used as the theme song to L'era glaciale ("The Ice Age", not to be confused with the film Ice Age), a talk show hosted by Italian TV personality Daria Bignardi on Rai 2, which was aired between 20 March and 4 December 2009. "Chemtrails" was likely influenced by Aphrodite's Child's song The Four Horsemen, which has a similar structure, Track listing Digital download "Chemtrails" – 4:39 7" "Chemtrails" – 4:39 "Vampire Voltage No. 6" – 2:19 Personnel Beck – vocals Greg Kurstin – organ, piano Joey Waronker – drums Jason Falkner – bass, electric guitar David Campbell – string arrangement References External links Official Beck website 2008 singles Beck songs Song recordings produced by Danger Mouse (musician) DGC Records singles Songs written by Beck 2008 songs
The SIAI S.16 was an Italian passenger flying boat, later serving as a military reconnaissance-bomber, claimed to be the most successful flying-boat of the 1920s. Design and development The first flying boat designed by the Societa Idrovolanti Alta Italia (SIAI) for use as a civilian passenger carrier, the S.13, was a biplane flying boat with room for five passengers. The S.16 was powered by a single Fiat A.12bis engine. Military versions were also developed with a bow cockpit for an observer-gunner and bomb racks fitted underneath the wings. The military version was sold to Brazil, the Soviet Union, Spain, and Turkey. Operations In 1925, the Italian aviator Francesco de Pinedo (1890-1933), a tenente colonnello (lieutenant colonel) in the Regia Aeronautica (Italian Royal Air Force) used an SIAI S.16ter he named Genariello for a record-setting flight from Rome to Australia and Tokyo in order to demonstrate his idea that seaplanes were superior to landplanes for long-distance flights. On 21 April, Pinedo and his mechanic, Ernesto Campanelli, departed Rome aboard Gennariello. They stopped first at Brindisi in Italy, then at Leros in Greece; Baghdad in Iraq; Bushehr and Chabar in Persia; Karachi, Bombay, Cocanada, and Calcutta in British India; Akyab, Rangoon, Tavoy, and Mergui in Burma; Phuket in Siam; Penang in British Malaya; Singapore; Batavia, Surabaya, Sumbawa, and Kupang in the Netherlands East Indies, and Broome, Carnarvon, Perth, Bunbury, Albany, Israelite Bay, and Adelaide in Australia before reaching Melbourne, where they arrived on 10 June and spent 36 days. On 16 July, Pinedo and Campanelli flew on to Sydney, where they spent another three weeks. Resuming their flight on 6 August, they visited Brisbane, Rockhampton, Townsville, Innisfail, Cooktown, and Thursday Island in Australia; Merauke, Dobo, Amboina, and Menado in the Netherlands East Indies; Cebu, Atimonan, Manila, and Aparri in the Philippines; Tamsui on Formosa; Shanghai in China; Mokpo in Korea; and Yamakawa and Kagoshima in Japan, before arriving in Tokyo on 26 September. After a three-week stay in Tokyo, Pinedo and Campanelli began their return journey to Rome on 17 October, a 15,000-mile (24,000-km) trip that they made in only 22 days – an impressive speed at the time – with stops at Kagoshima in Japan; Shanghai in China; Hong Kong; Haiphong and Saigon in French Indochina; Bangkok in Siam; Rangoon in Burma; Calcutta, Benares, Delhi, and Karachi in British India; Bandar Abbas in Persia; Baghdad in Iraq; Alexandretta in Turkey; and Taranto in Italy before arriving in Rome on 7 November. The entire journey, made without special preparations for support at any of the stops and involving two long flights – of and – across the dry land of the Indian Subcontinent in a non-amphibious flying boat, had proceeded without major incident and had required only one engine change, carried out at Tokyo. Pinedo and Campanelli had carried a jib sail and boat rudder to allow them to sail their flying boat through unfamiliar harbors in awkward winds, but they never used either the sail or the rudder during their expedition. The aviators had covered about in 370 hours of flight time in 80 stages over the course of 202 days, and a 1925 issue of the magazine Flight described their journey as "the most extensive aerial tour on record." The Fédération Aéronautique Internationale gave Pinedo its highest award, the FAI Gold Air Medal, for the flight, the first time it had awarded the medal. The Regia Aeronautica promoted Pinedo to colonnello (colonel) upon his return from the flight, and Italy's King Victor Emmanuel III made him a marchese (marquis). Variants S.16 Production passenger carrier powered by a Fiat A.12bis engine. S.16bis Improved civilian variant with reinforced hull, increased fuel capacity and a larger propeller. S.16bis M Military version of the S.16bis with bow cockpit, Soviet-operated versions (80 aircraft) were designated by them the S-16bis, some were licence-built in Spain. S.16ter Improved military variant first used by the Italian Navy from 1924, powered by a Lorraine-Dietrich 12Db vee piston engine. S.23 Simplified variant for training, one built. Operators Brazilian Navy (15) Spanish Navy (26 including 10 built locally) Regia Marina (~103) Latvian Navy (6) Turkish Air Force (12) Soviet Navy (80) Specifications (S.16ter) See also References Notes Bibliography S.16 1910s Italian civil utility aircraft Flying boats Single-engined pusher aircraft Biplanes Aircraft first flown in 1919
In computing, Facelets is an open-source Web template system under the Apache license and the default view handler technology (aka view declaration language) for Jakarta Server Faces (JSF; formerly JavaServer Faces). The language requires valid input XML documents to work. Facelets supports all of the JSF UI components and focuses completely on building the JSF component tree, reflecting the view for a JSF application. Although both JSP and JSF technologies have been improved to work better together, Facelets eliminates the issues noted in Hans Bergsten's article "Improving JSF by Dumping JSP" Facelets draws on some of the ideas from Apache Tapestry, and is similar enough to draw comparison. The project is conceptually similar to Tapestry's, which treats blocks of HTML elements as framework components backed by Java classes. Facelets also has some similarities to the Apache Tiles framework with respect to support templating as well as composition. Facelets was originally created by Jacob Hookom in 2005 as a separate, alternative view declaration language for JSF 1.1 and JSF 1.2 which both used JSP as the default view declaration language. Starting from JSF 2.0, Facelets has been promoted by the JSF expert group to be the default view declaration language. JSP has been deprecated as a legacy fall back. Element conversion In Facelets, templates tags from a tag library can be entered in two forms: directly as a qualified xml element or indirectly via the jsfc attribute on an arbitrary non-qualified element. In the latter case the Facelet compiler will ignore the actual element and will process the element as if it was the one given by the jsfc attribute. The following example shows the direct usage of qualified tags: <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"> <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"> <body> <h:form> <h:outputText value="Welcome, #{loggedInUser.name}" disabled="#{empty loggedInUser}" /> <h:inputText value="#{bean.property}" /> <h:commandButton value="OK" action="#{bean.doSomething}" /> </h:form> </body> </html> Using the jsfc attribute, the same code can also be expressed as the example given below: <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"> <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"> <body> <form jsfc="h:form"> <span jsfc="h:outputText" value="Welcome, #{loggedInUser.name}" disabled="#{empty loggedInUser}" /> <input type="text" jsfc="h:inputText" value="#{bean.property}" /> <input type="submit" jsfc="h:commandButton" value="OK" action="#{bean.doSomething}" /> </form> </body> </html> The above code can be viewed in a browser, and edited with conventional WYSIWYG design tools. This is not possible when directly using the qualified tags. Nevertheless, directly using qualified tags is the most popular way of using Facelets in practice and is the style most used in books and examples. Templating Facelets provides a facility for templating. A Facelets file can reference a master template and provide content for the placeholders this master template defines. The file that references such a template is called the template client. Template clients themselves can again be used as a template for other template clients and as such a hierarchy of templates can be created. The following shows an example of a simple master template: templates/master_template.xhtml <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"> <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"> <h:head> <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/> <meta http-equiv="pragma" content="no-cache"/> </h:head> <h:body> Standard header text for every page. <ui:insert name="body_content" /> Standard footer text for every page. </h:body> </html> The above code contains a default HTML 'frame' and a single placeholder called body_content. A template client can use this template as follows: template_client.xhtml <ui:composition template="/templates/master_template.xhtml" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"> <ui:define name="body_content"> This is a template client page that uses the master template. </ui:define> </ui:composition> The above code makes use of the template /templates/master_template.xhtml and provides content for the placeholder in that template. The final result will be a page called template_client.xhtml that has the content of /templates/master_template.xhtml, but with <ui:insert name="body_content"/> replaced by 'This is a template client page that uses the master template.'. Content re-use In addition to templating, Facelets provides support for re-use by letting the user include content that resides in a different file. Including such content can be done in three different ways: Referencing a file Custom tags Composite components Referencing a file The simplest way to include the content of another Facelet is referencing it by name using the <ui:include> tag. This causes the content in the referenced file to be directly included in the calling Facelet by the Facelets compiler. Besides re-using content at multiple locations, this can be used to break down a large Facelet into smaller parts. The following shows an example: templates/master_template.xhtml <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"> <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"> <ui:include src="html_head.xhtml" /> <h:body> Standard header text for every page. <ui:insert name="body_content" /> Standard footer text for every page. </h:body> </html> html_head.xhtml <ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"> <h:head> <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/> <meta http-equiv=" pragma" content="no-cache"/> </h:head> </ui:composition> Custom tags Facelets supports indirection for including content via custom tags. Such a custom tag can be associated with a Facelet in a taglib file. Occurrences of that tag will then be replaced with the content of the associated Facelet. The following shows an example of this: templates/master_template.xhtml <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"> <html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:my="http://example.com/my"> <ui:include src="html_head.xhtml" /> <h:body> Standard header text for every page. <my:spacer> <ui:insert name="body_content" /> Standard footer text for every page. </h:body> </html> The code above uses the tag <my:spacer> to mark the point in the Facelet where content is to be inserted. Such a tag has to be declared in a Taglib file where it can be associated with a Facelet as follows: example.taglib.xml <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> <facelet-taglib xmlns="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/javaee" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/javaee http://java.sun.com/xml/ns/javaee/web-facelettaglibrary_2_0.xsd" version="2.0"> <namespace>http://example.com/my</namespace> <tag> <tag-name>spacer</tag-name> <source>spacer.xhtml</source> </tag> </facelet-taglib> The following shows an example of what the actual content Facelet could look like: spacer.xhtml <ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"> <h:outputText value="&nbsp;" escape="false"/> </ui:composition> Composite components Besides including content directly, Facelets provides the composite component mechanism that makes content available as a first-class JSF component. Composite components do not need to be declared in a Taglib file, but instead have to be put in a special directory. By convention the content is then automatically assigned a namespace and a tag name. The namespace is constructed of the fixed string 'http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/' concatenated with the directory name in which the content file resides relative to the 'resources' directory. The tag name becomes the file name without the .xhtml suffix. The following shows an example of this: resources/my/spacer.xhtml <ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:cc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite"> <cc:interface/> <cc:implementation> <h:outputText value="&nbsp;" escape="false"/> </cc:implementation> </ui:composition> The above Facelet is automatically available as a component in namespace 'http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/my' and tag name 'spacer' Parameterized includes To customize included content, Facelets allows parameters to be used. Via those parameters, objects can be passed into the included content, where they can be used as variables. For the <ui:include> mechanism the <ui:param> can be used for this, while for the custom tags and composite components, normal tag attributes can be used. Composite components require parameters to be declared in their interface section, while for custom tags there is no such requirement and values provided for arbitrary attributes are made available as variables with the same name as said attribute. See also JavaServer Faces References Bibliography External links "Introduction to Facelets" Chapter 8 of The Jakarta EE Tutorial Java (programming language)
The FIATECH AEX cfiXML schemas have been developed to automate information exchange for the design, procurement, delivery, installation, operation and maintenance of engineered equipment. Though large companies may have internal software integration systems, data exchange between collaborating companies commonly requires labor-intensive and costly re-entry of data into in-house systems. AEX cfiXML schemas provide a standard language to enable interoperability, allowing information flow to and from multiple software systems within a company or with other companies. The potential annual savings for capital facility industries are millions of dollars. AEX cfiXML schemas provide extensive coverage of different types of engineered equipment including shell and tube heat exchangers, electric motors, centrifugal pumps and fans, reciprocating and centrifugal compressors, and block and control valves. The schemas have been effectively demonstrated transferring data sets from a common data sheet-style format, via various synthesis programs, and into a purchaser's comparison system (Bid Tab). This represents a procurement sequence of events for, in the example demonstration, centrifugal pumps. An example of AEX cfiXML implementation involves standardizing valve specifications so that facility owners, suppliers and manufacturers can efficiently and reliably exchange their in-house valve data. Schema structure includes data revision and change traffic support, and life cycle status detail, so applications can be developed to monitor data alterations over time and maintain records throughout the life-cycle of an equipment item. Units of measurement are also supported by the schemas, so AEX cfiXML can be used within the USA or internationally. AEX cfiXML is an object-oriented model designed as a pragmatic solution for real-life usage contexts. The design principles have been based on extensive research in the available resources in the XML schema development community and verified through trial implementations with available XML parsers. Extensibility, reusability, ease of processing and ease of writing XML files have all been considered to ensure the best combination for cfiXML use. AEX cfiXML is a collaborative development and in the public domain. References External links Industry-specific XML-based standards
Feedreader is a free RSS and Atom aggregator for Windows. It has a stripped down, though configurable, three-pane interface similar to NetNewsWire on Mac OS X. Recent beta versions use MySQL as database back-end. Feedreader was one of the first desktop feed readers; version 1.54 of Feedreader of the application were distributed on April 24, 2001. The company behind Feedreader says that it was the first personal desktop RSS reader. Feedreader has an auto-discovery feature, whose purpose is to find RSS feeds on any web page and subscribe to them in an automated fashion. Moreover, the program can use keyboard shortcuts, search through one's RSS feeds, and can be run from a USB flash drive. The installation file is 4.44 MB, which is notably small for a feed reader with such features. See also Comparison of feed aggregators References Notes Fileforums.betanews.com i-Systems Inc. "About us", Feedreader Homepage, March 25, 2008. Accessed March 25, 2008 External links News aggregator software
A hybrid disc is a disc, such as CD-ROM or Blu-ray, which contains multiple types of data which can be used differently on different devices. These include CD-ROM music albums containing video files viewable on a personal computer, or feature film Blu-rays containing interactive content when used with a PlayStation 3 game console. Multiple file systems A hybrid disc is an optical disc that has multiple file systems installed on it, typically ISO 9660 and HFS+ (or HFS on older discs). One reason for the hybrid format is the restrictions of ISO 9660 (filenames of only eight characters, and a maximum depths of eight directories, similar to the Microsoft FAT file system). Another key factor is that ISO 9660 does not support resource forks, which is critical to the classic Mac OS' software design (OS X or macOS removed much of the need for resource forks in application design). Companies that released products for both DOS (later Windows) and the classic Mac OS (later macOS) could release a CD containing software for both, natively readable on either system. Data files can even be shared by both partitions, while keeping the platform specific data separate. In a "true" (or "shared") hybrid HFS filesystem, files common to both the ISO 9660 and HFS partitions are stored only once, with the ISO 9660 partition pointing to file content in the HFS area (or vice versa). Blizzard Entertainment has released most of their computer games on hybrid CDs. By default, Mac OS 9 and macOS burn hybrid discs. An ISO 9660/HFS hybrid disc has an ISO 9660 primary volume descriptor, which makes it a valid ISO 9660 disc, and an Apple partition. It may also have an Apple partition map, although this is not necessary. The ISO 9660 portion of the disc can co-exist with an Apple partition because the header areas which define the contents of the disc are located in different places. The ISO 9660 primary volume descriptor begins 32,768 bytes (32 KB) into the disc. If present, an Apple partition map begins 512 bytes into the disc; if there is no partition map, the header for an Apple HFS partition (known as a Master Directory Block, or MDB) begins 1,024 bytes into the disc. Audio CD with added data tracks Hybrid-CD also refers to an audio CD which also includes a data track storing MP3 (or other digital audio compression format) copy of those CD-DA tracks. Before the introduction and subsequent popularization of iTunes and the iPod, such discs were popular for sharing music on compact disc without requiring the recipient to extract and encode the CD-DA themselves — a technical and perhaps time-consuming process on older computing hardware. However, with the advent of faster computing hardware and vastly simplified automated extraction and encoding tools (e.g. iTunes, Rhythmbox, etc.) and the lack of an automated hybrid feature in that very same software, popularity of such hybrid CD has subsequently declined. However, such hybrid discs do remain in a commercial setting as a digital rights management enforcement technique, where encrypted compressed copies of the digital audio are provided with proprietary software for listening in a computer disc drive, while the CD-DA is included for playback in stand-alone CD players. Hybrid Blu-rays In recent years, some Blu-rays have been released as Hybrid discs, demonstrating its compatibility with the PlayStation 3 console, which uses BD as its primary disc format. These discs generally include a movie or feature that can be played on any Blu-ray Disc player and playable content which is accessible when run on a PlayStation 3 console. Examples include Tekken Hybrid, Macross Frontier: Itsuwari no Utahime and Lagrange: The Flower of Rin-ne -Kamogawa Days-. See also Universal binary References Audio storage Compact disc Consumer electronics Disk file systems Rotating disc computer storage media Video storage
Charles Hardie Buzacott (1 August 1835 – 19 July 1918) was an Australian journalist, publisher and politician. Early life Buzacott was born in Torrington, Devonshire, England, son of James Buzacott and his wife Ann, née Hitchcock. He migrated with his elder brother William to Sydney in 1852. Journalism In Sydney, Charles joined the Empire newspaper and learnt to be a compositor. In 1860 he went to Maryborough, Queensland, and established the Maryborough Chronicle, selling it four years later. Buzacott then went to the Clermont goldfield, and started the Peak Downs Telegram, which he edited. In 1869 Buzacott sold his interest in the Telegram and moved to Gladstone where he took over the Observer. In 1870 Charles joined his brother William on the Rockhampton Bulletin, which the latter had established in 1861. In 1878 he moved to Brisbane, and became a leader writer on the Courier. During November 1880 he purchased Gresley Lukin's shares in the Brisbane Newspaper Company, the proprietor of the Brisbane Courier and its weekly The Queenslander and took on Lukin's former position as the company's managing editor and director. He was to remain in this position until 1894, occasionally taking and active role in the editing and occasionally contributing articles and editorials for the journals. He later bought the Rockhampton Argus and converted it into an evening paper, the Daily Record. He founded the Daily Mail in Brisbane in 1904, and in spite of his advancing years carried it through its early difficulties as editor and managing director. Politics In 1873 Charles Buzacott was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Rockhampton. In 1874, and again in 1876, he brought in bills in an attempt to establish an eight-hour work day in Queensland, but he was in advance of his times and did not succeed in steering them past the committee stage. He resigned from the assembly in 1877. Having been returned to the assembly again, in January 1879 he became postmaster-general in McIlwraith's first ministry, and was responsible for the drafting of the divisional boards measure which was the foundation of later Queensland local government acts. He was an active minister, and during his two years of office he united the previously separate post and telegraph departments, and succeeded in having tenders called for a Torres Straits service between Brisbane and London. The telephone was also introduced during his period. He was appointed to the Queensland Legislative Council in 1894; although a lifetime appointment, he resigned in May 1901 and did not hold political office again. Later life With his health failing, he retired to Stanthorpe in 1906 but continued to make occasional contributions to the press until not long before his death at Banca View in Stanthorpe on 19 July 1918. Buzacott had married Louisa Whiteford in 1857 who survived him with three sons and two daughters. Affiliation Buzacott was the second president of the Johnsonian Club. He was elected in January 1880. Street name A number of street names in the Brisbane suburb of Carina Heights are identical to the surnames of former Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly. One of these is Buzacott Street. References Further reading Clem Lack, 'Buzacott, Charles Hardie (1835–1918)', Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 3, Melbourne University Press, 1969, pp 320–321. Australian journalists 1835 births 1918 deaths Members of the Queensland Legislative Council Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly People from Maryborough, Queensland People from Rockhampton Australian newspaper editors
The Franklin and Amelia Walton House is a Prairie School style bungalow built in 1916 in Centerville, Utah, United States. The home remains in almost original condition, including original kitchen cabinets, push button light switches, original woodwork, casement windows and hardware. The home was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 and is currently in use as a private residence. Franklin Walton was born November 6, 1881, and died April 24, 1955. He served a mission for the LDS Church in England and worked his entire life for Porter-Walton Walton nursery, eventually retiring as vice president. Amelia (Porter) Walton was born January 25, 1883, and died March 8, 1973. She worked as a teacher, was active in civic affairs, the Daughters of Utah Pioneers, and in the LDS Church. References External links Prairie School Traveler Walton Family Tree American Craftsman architecture in Utah Bungalow architecture in Utah Houses completed in 1916 Houses in Davis County, Utah Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Utah Prairie School architecture in Utah National Register of Historic Places in Davis County, Utah
The Central Vermont Railway Depot is a historic former train station at Depot Square in the village of Northfield, Vermont. Built in 1852, it is believed to be the oldest surviving railroad station in the state. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. Description and history Situated on the west end of Northfield's Depot Square green, the Central Vermont Railway Depot was once part of a relatively large complex of buildings built by the Central Vermont Railroad, including the Northfield Wood Company and common railyard buildings. Today, many of these buildings still stand; some have been converted into small offices by modern companies (such as TDS Telecom), others are used as storage by a local hardware and lumber store, while many remain vacant. In the 1970s, the decline of industry in the area took its toll on the station, and it was forced to cease operation. After several years of increasing disrepair, the side wings were demolished. As of 2006, the two nearest rail stations still in operation are in Randolph to the south, and Montpelier to the north. Roxbury, a small village south of Northfield, had a rail station as well, which closed shortly after the Central Vermont Railway Depot. The depot building is currently occupied by a Merchant's Bank location. The depot is a two-story masonry structure, built out of brick laid in common bond, which rest on a cut stone foundation. It is covered by a gabled roof with unusually deep eaves () supported by decorative rafter ends. Windows are mainly double-hung sash, set in rectangular openings with granite sills and lintels. The window above the main entrance (facing the Depot Square oval) is a Palladian-style three-part window. The gable above the front facade is decorated with Stick style woodwork, as is that on the rear (track-facing) side. The depot was built in 1852, but underwent significant alteration in the late 1890s. At that time, side wings were removed, and the Victorian Stick style decorations were added. A canopy over the platform between the depot and the tracks was removed in the mid-20th century. See also National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Vermont References External links Site information from The National Park Service Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont Railway stations in Vermont Former Central Vermont Railway stations Transportation buildings and structures in Washington County, Vermont Buildings and structures in Northfield, Vermont National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Vermont 1852 establishments in Vermont Railway stations in the United States opened in 1852 Former railway stations in Vermont
A computer architecture simulator is a program that simulates the execution of computer architecture. Computer architecture simulators are used for the following purposes: Lowering cost by evaluating hardware designs without building physical hardware systems. Enabling access to unobtainable hardware. Increasing the precision and volume of computer performance data. Introducing abilities that are not normally possible on real hardware such as running code backwards when an error is detected or running in faster-than-real time. Categories Computer architecture simulators can be classified into many different categories depending on the context. Scope: Microarchitecture simulators model the microprocessor and its components. Full-system simulators also model the processor, memory systems, and I/O devices. Detail: Functional simulators, such as instruction set simulators, achieve the same function as modeled components. They can be simulated faster if timing is not considered. Timing simulators are functional simulators that also reproduce timing. Timing simulators can be further categorized into digital cycle-accurate and analog sub-cycle simulators. Workload: Trace-driven simulators (also called event-driven simulators) react to pre-recorded streams of instructions with some fixed input. Execution-driven simulators allow dynamic change of instructions to be executed depending on different input data. Full-system simulators A full-system simulator is execution-driven architecture simulation at such a level of detail that complete software stacks from real systems can run on the simulator without any modification. A full system simulator provides virtual hardware that is independent of the nature of the host computer. The full-system model typically includes processor cores, peripheral devices, memories, interconnection buses, and network connections. Emulators are full system simulators that imitate obsolete hardware instead of under development hardware. The defining property of full-system simulation compared to an instruction set simulator is that the model allows real device drivers and operating systems to be run, not just single programs. Thus, full-system simulation makes it possible to simulate individual computers and networked computer nodes with all their software, from network device drivers to operating systems, network stacks, middleware, servers, and application programs. Full system simulation can speed the system development process by making it easier to detect, recreate and repair flaws. The use of multi-core processors is driving the need for full system simulation, because it can be extremely difficult and time-consuming to recreate and debug errors without the controlled environment provided by virtual hardware. This also allows the software development to take place before the hardware is ready, thus helping to validate design decisions. Cycle-accurate simulator A cycle-accurate simulator is a computer program that simulates a microarchitecture on a cycle-by-cycle basis. In contrast an instruction set simulator simulates an instruction set architecture usually faster but not cycle-accurate to a specific implementation of this architecture; they are often used when emulating older hardware, where time precision is important for legacy reasons. Often, a cycle-accurate simulator is used when designing new microprocessorsthey can be tested, and benchmarked accurately (including running full operating system, or compilers) without actually building a physical chip, and easily change design many times to meet expected plan. Cycle-accurate simulators must ensure that all operations are executed in the proper virtual (or real if it is possible) timebranch prediction, cache misses, fetches, pipeline stalls, thread context switching, and many other subtle aspects of microprocessors. See also Instruction set simulator References External links The Archer virtual infrastructure for computer architecture simulation Simulation software Computer architecture
Buzz! Junior: Monster Rumble (known as Buzz! Junior: Monster Rally in North America) is the third game in the Buzz! Junior series of games. Buzz! Junior: Monster Rumble was released on 2 November 2007 in Europe. Monster Rumble was co-developed by FreeStyleGames and Magenta Software and is published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe. FreeStyleGames developed nineteen of the twenty-five mini-games, while Magenta created the following six: Boo!, Bashing Pumpkins, Eyeball Fall, Ghoulish Golf, All Wrapped Up, & Tug-O-War. The game was later ported to PlayStation 3 by Cohort Studios and was released on 3 September 2009 as a download from the PlayStation Store. It includes trophy support and the ability to use a DualShock wireless controller instead of Buzzers. PlayStation 2 Games All Wrapped Up Barrel Running Bashing Pumpkins Boo! Bubble Blowing Dizzy Dodgems Eyeball Fall Feeding Time Fiendish Frogs Freaky Fireworks Ghoulish Golf Hot Air Musical Chairs Picture Tennis Ping Pong Splat Potion Panic Pumpkin Catching Rock Monsters Scary Stilts Sewer Flush Spare Parts Tentacle Terror Treasure Hunt Tug-O-War Turtle Hurling PlayStation 3 (PSN) Games All Wrapped Up Boo! Ghoulish Golf Musical Chairs Treasure Hunt PlayStation 3 (PSN) Reviews Girl Gamers - 7/10 Gamers Digest - 7/10 External links Official Buzz! Junior: Monster Rumble Trailers Official Buzz! Junior site 2007 video games PlayStation 2 games PlayStation 3 games PlayStation Network games Buzz! Video games developed in the United Kingdom Multiplayer and single-player video games Cohort Studios games Sony Interactive Entertainment games Magenta Software games
A CFD-DEM model is suitable for the modeling or simulation of fluid-solids or fluid-particles systems. In a typical CFD-DEM model, the phase motion of discrete solids or particles is obtained by the Discrete Element Method (DEM) which applies Newton's laws of motion to every particle and the flow of continuum fluid is described by the local averaged Navier–Stokes equations that can be solved by the traditional Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD). The model is first proposed by Tsuji et al. The interactions between the fluid phase and solids phase is better modeled according to Newton's third law. Software Open source and non-commercial software: The open source CFD software OpenFOAM includes particle methods, including DEM, and solvers that couple CFD-DEM. CFDEMcoupling (DCS Computing GmbH) couples CFD from OpenFOAM with open source DEM software, LIGGGHTS. MFiX(Open Source multiphase flow simulation package). The commercial software Simcenter STAR-CCM+ is an integrated multiphysics solution capable of CFD-DEM coupling involving single or multiphase flow, chemical reactions, electromagnetism and heat transfer Parallelization OpenMP has been shown to be more efficient in performing coupled CFD-DEM calculations in parallel framework as compared to MPI by Amritkar et al. References Simulation software
PRGS may refer to: Frederick S. Pardee RAND Graduate School, an American higher education institution Progress Software Corporation, an American software company with Nasdaq index PRGS Phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase, an enzyme Pokémon Ranger: Guardian Signs, a video game in the Pokémon series See also PRG (disambiguation)
Colonial Pemaquid State Historic Site is a publicly owned historic property operated by the state of Maine near Pemaquid Beach in Bristol, Maine. The site includes the reconstructed Fort William Henry, archaeological remains of 17th- and 18th-century village buildings and fortifications, and a museum with artifacts found on the site including musket balls, coins, pottery, and early hardware. Pemaquid was a major regional flashpoint in the late 17th-century and early 18th-century conflicts between English and French settlers, and between English settlers and the local Native population. The site has been of historical and archaeological interest since the late 19th century and has been a state park since 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969 (as "Pemaquid Restoration and Museum") and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1993 (as "Pemaquid Archeological Site"). Description Colonial Pemaquid is set on a small north-facing peninsula on the south side of the mouth of the Pemaquid River, north of Pemaquid Point, a spit of land in mid-coast Maine. The site is mostly level or gently sloping terrain that has been covered in grass. The site is accessed via a drive from the south, which provides access to parking areas above the main historic settlement area. There is a 20th-century building housing a visitor center and small museum, an 18th-century house that has been repurposed for use as an archaeological laboratory and storage space, and the reconstructed bastion of Fort William Henry at the northwestern tip of the peninsula. The eastern portion of the site is where the major colonial village was located, and is now only visible as a series of depressions in the grass. The western portion of the site is where Fort William Henry, the 17th-century fortification, and Fort Frederick, the 18th-century fortification, were located. Foundational remnants of some of the buildings remain. Archaeological remains have been judged to have a high state of preservation, since many remains were deep enough to avoid damage when the area was used for agriculture, and those same farming practices resulted in the filling in of cellar holes, further preserving cultural artifacts there. History Pemaquid has a colonial settlement history dating to the early decades of the 17th century, with a succession of conflicts leading the site to be attacked on several occasions and entirely abandoned twice. The area was used by English and French traders and fishermen on a seasonal basis for some time, and the first documented permanent residence was established in 1628. The Pemaquid peninsula, located between the mouth of the Kennebec River in the west and Penobscot Bay to the east, was considered by the French as part of Acadia, which they claimed extended to the Kennebec. The early English settlers traded with English settlements further south, as well as the local Abenaki people and the French, sometimes in opposition to the policies of the formal New England colonies to the south. In 1664 the area was granted by King Charles II to his brother James, Duke of York, and was made part of the Province of New York. At this time the settlement was reported to have less than 30 houses. By 1673, when the area came under the jurisdiction of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, there were more than 40 houses and 150-200 residents. King Philip's War, a major conflict that engulfed New England in 1675, resulted in attacks on Pemaquid and its outlying settlements, and the community was abandoned in 1676. New York authorities reasserted control over the area after the war, and established a formal administration, granting monopoly trading rights to a few favored residents. In 1688 the area was folded into the Dominion of New England. The Dominion governor Edmund Andros built a wooden fort in 1688, which did not prevent the community from being sacked at the outbreak of King William's War in 1689 by a combined force of French and Indians. The Dominion of New England collapsed in 1692, and Massachusetts authorities constructed the stone Fort William Henry in that year at great expense. Ongoing hostile relations with both the Natives and the French resulted in continued low-level conflict, which elevated in 1696 to a major attack on the settlement in 1696, in which French colonial forces and Indians were assisted by French naval forces in capturing and razing the settlement. Pemaquid would not be resettled until 1729 due to ongoing Native resistance that was not quelled until the 1720s Dummer's War. In 1729 David Dunbar, a local crown representative and entrepreneur, sought to establish an colony of Irish settlers called "Georgia" at Pemaquid, and constructed Fort Frederick. Massachusetts political leaders opposed this attempt to establish another colony, and successfully petitioned the king to regain control of the area. Settlers remained, but the area's military importance declined, especially after New France fell in 1759 during the French and Indian War. Fort Frederick was demolished by local authorities during the American Revolutionary War to prevent its use by British troops, and the area became a rural backwater. Historical interest in the area was stimulated in the late 19th century, and early archaeological investigation uncovered the foundations of the fort. The state acquired the site in 1903, and the large circular bastion of Fort William Henry was reconstructed (based on Colonel Wolfgang William Romer's drawings dating to 1699) in 1908. The site was investigated by archaeologist Warren K. Moorehead in the 1920s, but systematic investigation of the site did not begin until the 1960s, and continues to this day. See also List of National Historic Landmarks in Maine National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County, Maine References External links Colonial Pemaquid State Historic Site Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry Colonial Pemaquid Brochure Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry Friends of Colonial Pemaquid National Historic Landmarks in Maine Museums in Lincoln County, Maine Protected areas of Lincoln County, Maine Archaeological museums in Maine History museums in Maine Maine state historic sites Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine Bristol, Maine National Register of Historic Places in Lincoln County, Maine
SharePoint is a proprietary, web-based collaborative platform that integrates natively with Microsoft 365. Launched in 2001, SharePoint is primarily sold as a document management and storage system, although it is also used for sharing information through an intranet, implementing internal applications, and for implementing business processes. According to Microsoft, SharePoint had over 200 million users. Editions There are various editions of SharePoint which have different functions. SharePoint Foundation It was a free version with very basic functionalities, discontinued in 2016. SharePoint Standard Microsoft SharePoint Standard is a software product that extends the function of Microsoft SharePoint Foundation in several areas: Sites: Audience targeting, governance tools, secure store service, and web analytics. Communities: 'MySites' (personal profiles including skills management and search tools), enterprise wikis, organization hierarchy browser, tags, and notes. Content: Improved tooling and compliance for document and record management, word automation services, and content management. Search: Better search results, search customization, mobile search, 'Did you mean?', OS search integration, Faceted Search, and metadata/relevancy/date/location-based refinement options. Composites: Pre-built workflow templates and Business Connectivity Services (BCS) profile pages. SharePoint Standard licensing includes a CAL (client access license) component and a server fee. It can also be licensed through a cloud model. SharePoint Server SharePoint Server is a product offered by Microsoft that provides organizations with greater control over the behavior and design of the SharePoint. Unlike SharePoint Online, which is a cloud based service, SharePoint Server is installed on the customers' IT infrastructure, giving them greater customization and control over the platform. SharePoint Server comes in two editions: Standard and Enterprise. The standard edition provides basic features for document management, collaboration, and content management. The Enterprise edition provides advance features for business intelligence, enterprise content management, and search capabilities. SharePoint Server can be provisioned as a virtual/cloud server or as a hosted service. Hosted service allow organizations to use SharePoint Server without having to manage the infrastructure themselves. SharePoint Enterprise Built upon SharePoint Standard, Microsoft SharePoint Enterprise features can be unlocked by providing an additional license key. Extra features in SharePoint Enterprise include: Search thumbnails and previews, rich web indexing, better search results. Business intelligence integration, dashboards, and business data surfacing. PowerPivot and PerformancePoint. Microsoft Office Access, Visio, Excel, and InfoPath Forms services. SharePoint Enterprise Search extensions. SharePoint Enterprise licensing includes a CAL component and a server fee that must be purchased in addition to SharePoint Server licensing. SharePoint Enterprise may also be licensed through a cloud model. SharePoint Online Microsoft's hosted SharePoint is typically bundled in Microsoft 365 subscriptions, but can be licensed separately. SharePoint Online has the advantage of not needing to maintain one's own servers, but as a result lacks the customization options of a self-hosted installation of SharePoint. It is limited to a core set of collaboration, file hosting, and document and content management scenarios, and is updated on a frequent basis, but is typically comparable with SharePoint Enterprise. Currently, additional capabilities include: Support for SharePoint Framework extensions New "Modern" (Responsive) SharePoint UX (partially included in 2016 Feature Pack 1) Yammer Integration and Office 365 Groups Integration with Outlook Web App Newer versions of Online Office Document Editor Tools Removal of various file size/number limitations Apps Concept Missing capabilities include: Some search and UI customizations Many web publishing capabilities Service Application administration options Many customization/solution types will not run No ability to read error (ULS) logs No ability to share a Site Page (ASPX) to external anonymous visitors; only documents (e.g., Word, Excel, Picture) may be shared as such Applications SharePoint usage varies from organization to organization. The product encompasses a wide variety of capabilities, most of which require configuration and governance. The most common uses of the SharePoint include: Enterprise content and document management SharePoint allows for storage, retrieval, searching, archiving, tracking, management, and reporting on electronic documents and records. Many of the functions in this product are designed around various legal, information management, and process requirements in organizations. SharePoint also provides search and 'graph' functionality. SharePoint's integration with Microsoft Windows and Microsoft 365 (previously known as Office) allows for collaborative real-time editing, and encrypted/information rights managed synchronization. This capability is often used to replace an existing corporate file server, and is typically coupled with an enterprise content management policy. Intranet and social network A SharePoint intranet or intranet portal is a way to centralize access to enterprise information and applications. It is a tool that helps an organization manage its internal communications, applications and information more easily. Microsoft claims that this has organizational benefits such as increased employee engagement, centralizing process management, reducing new staff on-boarding costs, and providing the means to capture and share tacit knowledge (e.g. via tools such as wikis, media libraries, team sites etc.). Collaborative software SharePoint contains team collaboration groupware capabilities, including: project scheduling (integrated with Outlook and Project), social collaboration, shared mailboxes, and project related document storage and collaboration. Groupware in SharePoint is based around the concept of a "Team Site". File hosting service (personal cloud) SharePoint Server hosts OneDrive for Business, which allows storage and synchronization of an individual's personal documents, as well as public/private file sharing of those documents. This is typically combined with other Microsoft Office Servers/Services, such as Microsoft Exchange, to produce a "personal cloud". WebDAV can be used to access files without using the web interface. However, Microsoft's implementation of WebDAV doesn't conform to the official WebDAV protocol and therefore isn't compliant to the WebDAV standard. For example, WebDAV applications have to support the language tagging functionality of the XML specification which Microsoft's implementation doesn't. Only Windows XP to Windows 8 are supported. Custom web applications SharePoint's custom development capabilities provide an additional layer of services that allow rapid prototyping of integrated (typically line-of-business) web applications. SharePoint provides developers with integration into corporate directories and data sources through standards such as REST/OData/OAuth. Enterprise application developers use SharePoint's security and information management capabilities across a variety of development platforms and scenarios. SharePoint also contains an enterprise "app store" that has different types of external applications which are encapsulated and managed to access to resources such as corporate user data and document data. Content structure Pages SharePoint provides free-form pages which may be edited in-browser. These may be used to provide content to users, or to provide structure to the SharePoint environment. Web parts and app parts Web parts and app parts are components (also known as portlets) that can be inserted into Pages. They are used to display information from both SharePoint and third-party applications. Content item, Content Type, Libraries, Lists, and "Apps" Content item is a resource in electronic form. Following are some examples: Document: always has a "Name". Contact: may have Email address and/or Phone number. Sales Invoice: may have Customer ID. Content Types are definitions (or types) of Content items. These definitions describe things like what metadata fields a Document, Contact, or Sales invoice may have. SharePoint allows you to create your own definitions based on the built-in ones. Some built in content types include: Contacts, Appointments, Documents, and Folders. SharePoint Library stores and displays Content items of type Documents and Folders. SharePoint List stores and displays data items such as Contacts. Some built-in content types such as 'Contact' or 'Appointment' allow the list to expose advanced features such as Microsoft Outlook or Project synchronization. In SharePoint 2013, in some locations, Lists and Libraries were renamed 'Apps' (despite being unrelated to the "SharePoint App Store"). In SharePoint 2016, some of these were renamed back to Lists and Libraries. Sites A SharePoint Site is a collection of pages, lists, libraries, apps, configurations, features, content types, and sub-sites. Examples of Site templates in SharePoint include: collaboration (team) sites, communication sites, organization sites, wiki sites, blank sites, and publishing sites. Configuration and customization Web-based configuration SharePoint is primarily configured through a web browser. The web-based user interface provides most of the configuration capability of the product. Depending on your permission level, the web interface can be used to: Manipulate content structure, site structure, create/delete sites, modify navigation and security, or add/remove apps. Enable or disable product features, upload custom designs/themes, or turn on integrations with other Office products. Configure basic workflows, view usage analytics, manage metadata, configure search options, upload customizations, and set up integration. SharePoint Designer SharePoint Designer is a semi-deprecated product that provided 'advanced editing' capabilities for HTML/ASPX pages, but remains the primary method of editing SharePoint workflows. A significant subset of HTML editing features were removed in Designer 2013, and the product is expected to be deprecated in 2016–7. Microsoft SharePoint's Server Features are configured either using PowerShell, or a Web UI called "Central Administration". Configuration of server farm settings (e.g. search crawl, web application services) can be handled through these central tools. While Central Administration is limited to farm-wide settings (config DB), it provides access to tools such as the 'SharePoint Health Analyzer', a diagnostic health-checking tool. In addition to PowerShell's farm configuration features, some limited tools are made available for administering or adjusting settings for sites or site collections in content databases. A limited subset of these features are available by SharePoint's SaaS providers, including Microsoft. Custom development The SharePoint Framework (SPFx) provides a development model based on the TypeScript language. The technical stack is Node.js, Yeoman, Gulp, NPM, and Webpack. It is the only supported way to customize the new modern experience user interface (UI). It has been globally available since mid 2017. It allows a web developer to step into SharePoint development more easily. The SharePoint "App Model" provides various types of external applications that offer the capability to show authenticated web-based applications through a variety of UI mechanisms. Apps may be either "SharePoint-hosted", or "Provider-hosted". Provider hosted apps may be developed using most back-end web technologies (e.g. ASP.net, NodeJS, PHP). Apps are served through a proxy in SharePoint, which requires some DNS/certificate manipulation in on-premises versions of SharePoint. The SharePoint "Client Object Model" (available for JavaScript and .NET), and REST/SOAP APIs can be referenced from many environments, providing authenticated users access to a wide variety of SharePoint capabilities. "Sand-boxed" plugins can be uploaded by any end-user who has been granted permission. These are security-restricted, and can be governed at multiple levels (including resource consumption management). In multi-tenant cloud environments, these are the only customizations that are typically allowed. Farm features are typically fully trusted code that need to be installed at a farm-level. These are considered deprecated for new development. Service applications: It is possible to integrate directly into the SharePoint SOA bus, at a farm level. Customization may appear through: Application-to-application integration with SharePoint. Extensions to SharePoint functionality (e.g. custom workflow actions). 'Web Parts' (also known as "portlets", "widgets", or "gadgets") that provide new functionality when added to a page. Pages/sites or page/site templates. Server architecture SharePoint Server can be scaled down to operate entirely from one developer machine, or scaled up to be managed across hundreds of machines. Farms A SharePoint farm is a logical grouping of SharePoint servers that share common resources. A farm typically operates stand-alone, but can also subscribe to functions from another farm, or provide functions to another farm. Each farm has its own central configuration database, which is managed through either a PowerShell interface, or a Central Administration website (which relies partly on PowerShell's infrastructure). Each server in the farm is able to directly interface with the central configuration database. Servers use this to configure services (e.g. IIS, windows features, database connections) to match the requirements of the farm, and to report server health issues, resource allocation issues, etc... Web applications Web applications (WAs) are top-level containers for content in a SharePoint farm. A web application is associated primarily with IIS configuration. A web application consists of a set of access mappings or URLs defined in the SharePoint central management console, which are replicated by SharePoint across every IIS Instance (e.g. Web Application Servers) configured in the farm. Site collections A site collection is a hierarchical group of 'SharePoint Sites'. Each web application must have at least one site collection. Site collections share common properties (detailed here), common subscriptions to service applications, and can be configured with unique host names. A site collection may have a distinct content databases, or may share a content database with other site collections in the same web application. Service applications Service applications provide granular pieces of SharePoint functionality to other web and service applications in the farm. Examples of service applications include the User Profile Sync service, and the Search Indexing service. A service application can be turned off, exist on one server, or be load-balanced across many servers in a farm. Service Applications are designed to have independent functionality and independent security scopes. Administration, security, compliance SharePoint's architecture enables a 'least-privileges' execution permission model. SharePoint Central Administration (the CA) is a web application that typically exists on a single server in the farm; however, it is also able to be deployed for redundancy to multiple servers. This application provides a complete centralized management interface for web and service applications in the SharePoint farm, including AD account management for web and service applications. In the event of the failure of the CA, Windows PowerShell is typically used on the CA server to reconfigure the farm. The structure of the SharePoint platform enables multiple WAs to exist on a single farm. In a shared (cloud) hosting environment, owners of these WAs may require their own management console. The SharePoint 'Tenant Administration' (TA) is an optional web application used by web application owners to manage how their web application interacts with the shared resources in the farm. Compliance, standards and integration SharePoint integrates with Microsoft 365 (previously known as Microsoft Office). SharePoint uses Microsoft's OpenXML document standard for integration with Microsoft Office / 365. Document metadata is also stored using this format. SharePoint provides various application programming interfaces (APIs: client-side, server-side, JavaScript) and REST, SOAP and OData-based interfaces. SharePoint can be used to achieve compliance with many document retention, record management, document ID and discovery laws. SharePoint is compatible with CMIS the Content Management Interoperability Standard, using Microsoft's CMIS Connector. SharePoint by default produces valid XHTML 1.0 that is compliant with WCAG 2.0 accessibility standards. SharePoint can use claims-based authentication, relying on SAML tokens for security assertions. SharePoint provides an open authentication plugin model. SharePoint has support for XLIFF to support the localization of content in SharePoint. Also added support for AppFabric. History Origins SharePoint evolved from projects codenamed "Office Server" and "Tahoe" during the Office XP development cycle. "Office Server" evolved out of the FrontPage and Office Server Extensions and "Team Pages". It targeted simple, bottom-up collaboration. "Tahoe", built on shared technology with Exchange and the "Digital Dashboard", targeted top-down portals, search and document management. The searching and indexing capabilities of SharePoint came from the "Tahoe" feature set. The search and indexing features were a combination of the index and crawling features from the Microsoft Site Server family of products and from the query language of Microsoft Index Server. GAC-(Global Assembly Cache) is used to accommodate the shared assemblies that are specifically designated to be shared by applications executed on a system. Versions Successive versions (in chronological order): Office Server Extensions SharePoint Portal Server 2001 SharePoint Team Services Windows SharePoint Services 2.0 (free license) SharePoint Portal Server 2003 Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 (free license) Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) 2007 SharePoint Foundation 2010 (free), SharePoint Server 2010 (commercial extension for Foundation), and SharePoint Enterprise 2010 (commercial extension for Server) SharePoint Foundation 2013 (free), SharePoint Server 2013 (extension on top of Foundation), and SharePoint Enterprise 2013. SharePoint Online (Plan 1 and 2). SharePoint Server 2016 and SharePoint Enterprise 2016. SharePoint Server 2019 and SharePoint Enterprise 2019. Changes in SharePoint 2010 Changes in end-user functionality added in the 2010 version of SharePoint include: New UI with Fluent Ribbon, using wiki-pages rather than 'web-part pages' and offering multi-browser support. New social profiles, and early social networking features Central Administration rebuilt. Restructure of "Shared Service Providers" – Introduction of "Service Applications" SOA model. Sandboxed Solutions and a client-side object-model APIs for JavaScript, Silverlight, and .NET applications Business Connectivity Services, Claims-based Authentication, and Windows PowerShell support Changes in SharePoint 2013 Cross-browser drag & drop support for file uploads/changes, and Follow/Share buttons OneDrive for Business (initially SkyDrive Pro) replaces MySites and Workspaces. Updates to social network feature & new task aggregation tool. Database caching, called Distributed Cache Service Content-aware switching, called Management Audit center (service called eDiscovery) Rebuilt and improved search capabilities Removal of some analytics capabilities UI: JSLink, MDS, theme packs. No more WYSIWYG in SharePoint Designer (visual mode disabled, pages can be edited only in text mode, by directly modifying the source code, usually in ASP.NET or Javascript / CSS / HTML). Changes in SharePoint 2016 Sources: Hybrid Improvements Single Sites View Unified Search Search Sensitive Information in Hybrid Search Unified UI (O365) Performance, Scaling & Deployment Improvements Search Scaling Capabilities Site Collection Enhancement Deterministic View Threshold – Removing 5000 Limit Durable Links and Large Files Support Deployment Improvements MinRole Zero Downtime Patching Changes in SharePoint 2019 Sources: Modern sites and page layouts Communication sites Large File Support, Character Restrictions, and File/Folder Names Changes in SharePoint Subscription Edition (SE) Sources: Authentication and Identity Management Support for OpenID Connect (OIDC) 1.0 Enhanced People Picker for modern authentication Improved Integrated Windows authentication over TLS Deployment and Upgrade Support for Windows Server 2022 Support for Windows Server Core Support for "N 2" upgrade from SharePoint 2016 and SharePoint 2019 (and Project Server 2016 and 2019) AppFabric Cache integration Farm Administration Support for host header bindings on Central Administration web application Support for Server Name Indication (SNI) for host header bindings Support for changing web application bindings Easier AAM configuration for Central Administration Federated service applications support "N 2" consuming farms (SharePoint 2016, 2019, and Subscription Edition) Support for client certificate authentication to SMTP servers Health and Monitoring (new Health Analyzer rules) Certificate notification contacts haven't been configured Upcoming SSL certificate expirations SSL certificates are about to expire SSL certificates have expired Hybrid Better integration with Power Apps and Power Automate Improved hybrid search troubleshooting Search Search result page modernization Support for returning list content in the modern results page Thumbnails in the modern search result page Security SSL certificate management Support for TLS 1.3 Strong TLS encryption by default Improved ASP.NET view state security and key management Sites, Lists, and Libraries Accessibility improvements Brick layout for document library thumbnails and image gallery web part Bulk check-in and check-out Bulk file download from document libraries and OneDrive personal sites Image and document thumbnails in document libraries and picture libraries Modern list and library web parts support adding, editing, and deleting content Modern document sets Storage New BLOB storage provider: Remote Share Provider Remote Share Provider diagnostic tool See also Enterprise portal List of collaborative software List of content management systems References External links SharePoint Roadmap 2001 software Content management systems Document management systems Information management Portal software Proprietary database management systems Proprietary wiki software Records management technology Microsoft Office servers Android (operating system) software
All Fun and Games until Somebody Loses an Eye is the ninth novel by Scottish writer Christopher Brookmyre published in 2005. Plot summary Jane Fleming, a 46-year-old housewife and grandmother, lives a quiet life in suburban East Kilbride. All that changes when her son, Ross, who works in the arms industry, is forced into hiding when his latest research attracts unwanted attention. Aided by the mysterious Bett, Jane must confront drug dealers, assassins and ruthless arms dealers in order to save her son. Awards All Fun And Games Until Somebody Loses an Eye was the winner of the seventh Bollinger Everyman Wodehouse Prize for Comic Fiction in 2006. References External links Observer review May 2005 2005 British novels Novels by Christopher Brookmyre Little, Brown and Company books Novels set in Scotland East Kilbride
A nut is a type of fastener with a threaded hole. Nuts are almost always used in conjunction with a mating bolt to fasten multiple parts together. The two partners are kept together by a combination of their threads' friction (with slight elastic deformation), a slight stretching of the bolt, and compression of the parts to be held together. In applications where vibration or rotation may work a nut loose, various locking mechanisms may be employed: lock washers, jam nuts, eccentric double nuts, specialist adhesive thread-locking fluid such as Loctite, safety pins (split pins) or lockwire in conjunction with castellated nuts, nylon inserts (nyloc nut), or slightly oval-shaped threads. Square nuts, as well as bolt heads, were the first shape made and used to be the most common largely because they were much easier to manufacture, especially by hand. While rare today due to the reasons stated below for the preference of hexagonal nuts, they are occasionally used in some situations when a maximum amount of torque and grip is needed for a given size: the greater length of each side allows a spanner to be applied with a larger surface area and more leverage at the nut. The most common shape today is hexagonal, for similar reasons as the bolt head: six sides give a good granularity of angles for a tool to approach from (good in tight spots), but more (and smaller) corners would be vulnerable to being rounded off. It takes only one sixth of a rotation to obtain the next side of the hexagon and grip is optimal. However, polygons with more than six sides do not give the requisite grip and polygons with fewer than six sides take more time to be given a complete rotation. Other specialized shapes exist for certain needs, such as wingnuts for finger adjustment and captive nuts (e.g. cage nuts) for inaccessible areas. Types A wide variety of nuts exists, from household hardware versions to specialized industry-specific designs that are engineered to meet various technical standards. Fasteners used in automotive, engineering, and industrial applications usually need to be tightened to a specific torque setting, using a torque wrench. Nuts are graded with strength ratings compatible with their respective bolts; for example, an ISO property class 10 nut will be able to support the bolt proof strength load of an ISO property class 10.9 bolt without stripping. Likewise, an SAE class 5 nut can support the proof load of an SAE class 5 bolt, and so on. Locknuts Many specialised types of nut exist to resist loosening of bolted joints, either by providing a prevailing torque against the male fastener or by gripping against the bolted components. These are generally referred to as locknuts. Castellated nut Distorted thread locknut Centerlock nut Elliptical offset locknut Toplock nut Interfering thread nut Tapered thread nut Jam nut Jet nut (K-nut) Keps nut (K-nut or washer nut) with a star-type lock washer Nyloc plate nut Polymer insert nut (Nyloc) Security locknut Serrated face nut Serrated flange nut Speed nut (Sheet metal nut or Tinnerman nut) Split beam nut BINX nut Gallery Standard nut sizes Metric hex nuts Note that flat (spanner or wrench) sizes differ between industry standards. For example, spanner or wrench sizes of fastener used in Japanese built cars comply with JIS automotive standard. SAE hex nuts Classifications Manufacture See also Bolted joint Mechanical joint Pipe cap Tap Tapped hole Threaded insert Washer References Bibliography . Threaded fasteners
MRC is a file format that has become an industry standard in cryo-electron microscopy (cryoEM) and electron tomography (ET), where the result of the technique is a three-dimensional grid of voxels each with a value corresponding to electron density or electric potential. It was developed by the MRC (Medical Research Council, UK) Laboratory of Molecular Biology. In 2014, the format was standardised. The format specification is available on the CCP-EM website. The MRC format is supported by many of the software packages listed in b:Software Tools For Molecular Microscopy. See also CCP4 (file format) References External links MRC specification Computational chemistry Structural biology Computer file formats
GpsGate is a software platform for Internet-based GPS tracking and GPS sharing. GpsGate is owned by Franson Technology AB, a company located in Stockholm, Sweden, specialized in GPS software development. Franson Technology AB was founded in 2004 by the current CEO Johan Franson. Products GpsGate Client GPS software for Windows Vista/XP/2k/NT/ME/98, Windows Mobile, Pocket PC and Windows CE .NET. GpsGate Client is a client tool that is used to share a GPS between several applications using virtual COM ports, connect regular GPS to Garmin nRoute, connect a GPS direct to Google Earth and send GPS positions to a GpsGate Server. GpsGate Client also includes a GPS simulator and NMEA logger. Advanced users can use GpsGate Client to share a GPS over networks, HTTP, Bluetooth and ActiveSync and multiplex and split NMEA streams. GpsGate Server In January 2007 Franson Technology AB released GpsGate Server. GpsGate Server is a server platform for GPS tracking built around AJAX, XML/JSON, .NET and MySQL. GpsGate Server includes web applications for tracking of vehicles, people, animals and assets. GPS positions can be sent to GpsGate Server over HTTP and TCP/UDP using GPS tracking devices, mobile phones and GpsGate Clients. The server has support for multiple languages. References "GpsGate review" , "Laptop GPS World", September, 2009. "GpsGate software", "GPS World", May, 2005. Hanttula, Dan. "Get more from GPS by sharing your location with family and friends", "Smartphone & Pocket PC Magazine", Oct/Nov, 2007. External links http://gpsgate.com Global Positioning System Satellite navigation software
A smart toy is an interactive toy which effectively has its own intelligence by virtue of on-board electronics. These enable it to learn, behave according to preset patterns, and alter its actions depending upon environmental stimuli and user input. Typically, it can adjust to the abilities of the player. A modern smart toy has electronics consisting of one or more microprocessors or microcontrollers, volatile and/or non-volatile memory, storage devices, and various forms of input–output devices. It may be networked together with other smart toys or a personal computer in order to enhance its play value or educational features. Generally, the smart toy may be controlled by software which is embedded in firmware or else loaded from an input device such as a USB flash drive, Memory Stick or CD-ROM. Smart toys frequently have extensive multimedia capabilities, and these can be utilized to produce a realistic, animated, simulated personality for the toy. Some commercial examples of smart toys are Amazing Amanda, Furby and iDog. The first smart-toy was the Mego Corporation's 2-XL robot (2XL), invented in the 1970s Common confusions Smart toys are frequently confused with toys for which it is claimed that children who play with them become smarter. Examples are educational toys that may or may not provide on-board intelligence features. A toy which merely contains a media player for telling the child a story should not be classified as a smart toy even if the player contains its own microprocessor. What best distinguishes a smart toy is the way the on-board intelligence is holistically integrated into the play experience in order to create simulated human-like intelligence or its facsimile. History Smart toys have their early roots in clockworks such as those of the eighteenth and nineteenth century cuckoo clocks, music boxes of the nineteenth, and Disney audio-animatronics of the twentieth. Perhaps the biggest early contribution is from novelty and toy makers from the 1800s who made automatons such as Vaucanson's mechanical duck, von Kempelen's The Turk, and the Silver Swan. All pre-twentieth-century precursors had in common that they were mechanical contrivances. By the second half of the 1900s toys featuring built-in media players became common. For example, Mattel introduced a variety of dolls in the 1960s and 1970s that used a pull string activated talking device to make the dolls "talk" such as the talking Crissy doll and Chatty Cathy. However, it remained until the introduction of the microprocessor in the mid-1970s for smart toys to come into their own. Texas Instrument's Speak & Spell which came on the market in the late 1970s was one of the first full-featured smart toys. The device is similar to a very limited laptop with LED read-out. It is used for spelling games and guessing a "mystery code". It speaks and makes a variety of sound effects. Another early example is Teddy Ruxpin, a robotic teddy bear, which came out in the 1980s. It reads children's stories via a recording device built into its back and swivels its eyes and mouth. Even the earliest toys, from the nineteenth century on, have in common with their modern-day smart toy counterparts that they appear to be sentient and lifelike, at least to the extent possible using the technology available at the time. Contemporary smart toys utilize speech recognition and activation; that is, they appear to comprehend and react to words that are spoken. Through speech synthesis, smart toys speak prerecorded words and phrases. These kinds of technologies, when combined together, animate the toys and give them a lifelike persona. Another hardware feature of modern smart toys is sensors which enable the smart toy to be aware of what is going on in its environment. These permit the toy to tell its orientation, determine if it is being played with indoors or outdoors, and know who is playing with it based upon the strength of the squeeze the child's hand gives it or similar factors. A typical example is Lego Mindstorms, a series of robotic-like devices, which integrate LEGO pieces with sensors and accessories. These toys include microcontrollers which control the robots. They are pre-programmed by a personal computer and utilize light and touch sensors along with accelerometers. Accelerometers and temperature, pressure and humidity sensors, can also be used to create various effects by smart toy designers. The development of smart toys received a major boost in 1998 when semiconductor manufacturer, Intel, and toy maker, Mattel, Inc. entered into a joint venture to open a Smart Toy Lab in Portland, Oregon. This led to products that were marketed under the Intel Play brand. The first product in the line was the QX3 Computer Microscope. The Lab evolved into a toy company known today as Digital Blue, a division of Prime Entertainment, Inc. of Marietta, GA. Controversies Widespread commercialization of smart toys is mainly a 21st-century phenomenon. As they have gained acceptance in the marketplace, controversy has been brewing. One of the chief criticisms has been that despite often being technical marvels, many smart toys have only limited play value. In short, these toys neither involve the child in play activity nor do they stimulate the imagination. Consequently, regardless of store-shelf attractiveness, the child tires quickly of them after only one or two play sessions, and the parents' investment is largely wasted. Stevanne Auerbach, in her book Smart Play—Smart Toys introduces the notion of Play Quotient or simply PQ. Auerbach criticizes smart toys for often having low PQs. PQ is a rating system based upon a weighted average constructed from a comprehensive list of play value attributes. Playthings with higher PQs are desirable from the standpoint of stimulating the child's imagination, creativity, and inquisitiveness. Generally, children choose to play with these products over and over again. Those toys with low PQs are quickly set aside. The child finds them boring and uninteresting. Many child development experts prefer open-ended toys such as construction toys, blocks, dolls, etc. over smart toys. For example, a cardboard box that the child turns into a pretend play house will be played with continuously by the child for many hours whereas an expensive smart toy can quickly exhaust the child's interest once its novelty has worn off. Jillian Trezise typifies the attitude often taken by child development specialists and educators towards smart toys, "...if kids can't take their expensive toys to the sandpit or open them up to see how they work, then they don't provide much educational value. All they do is entertain and they don't hold young people's attention for very long." Another implicit concern about smart toys is that even when they hold the child's attention they could become so entertaining that parents may be tempted to turn over some of the child-rearing to the smart toys. Thus, children will be deprived of needed parental attention. In other words, because of their strong multimedia capabilities children may watch presentations provided by the smart toys and be entertained, but will not really play with the devices nor be otherwise engaged by them. Judy Shackelford, a toy industry veteran, has a more positive view regarding smart toys. She cautions that children may even be deprived should they be not exposed to them. She sees smart toys as part of the surrounding environment that children will need to adapt to as they mature. Should they not be given access to these kinds of toys, they may become less well adapted to thrive and benefit as technology evolves. Smart toy advocates also point to research indicating that children learn more effectively with good interactive software. This seems to support the idea that smart toys may have many educational benefits as well. There have been increasing concerns that smart toys, especially ones that directly connect to the Internet, are becoming easy targets for cybercriminals, who can use hacking to easily obtain personal data collected from a smart toy, especially personal names. For example, smart toys such as Niantic's Pokémon Go collects the user's geo-locations and Mattel's Hello Barbie collects audio recordings. Industry Market research company GfK Australia found that parents are spending record amounts on electronic and interactive toys. Mark Allen states that the greatest impediment to the further growth of the smart toy industry is the lack of development of artificial intelligence and speech recognition. At their present stage of evolution smart toys really can't learn so they are limited to predefined actions and speech. Present artificial intelligence capabilities are too expensive to implement in a toy, but this will change as computational power and speed come down in price. Eventually, this will result in cheaper technology, enhanced functionality, and a richer play experience. Some toy designers think it could be five years or more before the technology is cheap enough to be widely available. Others have cited the high cost of MEMS-based sensors and actuators as a factor constraining the rapid development of smart toys. These costs are expected to come down eventually also, thereby helping toy companies to hit their price targets. According to figures from the NPD Group, at the end of 1999, the smart toy segment made up 2.5 percent of the $23 billion toy market. The smart toy industry grew out of several other product categories, which include children's software, electronic toys, and video games. A 2001 Forrester Research study projected that the smart toy segment would grow to more than $2 billion by the year 2003. Factors enhancing the growth of the smart toy segment include the greatly more sophisticated tastes of children today as well as the spread of home PCs. A 2005 market research study by Tangull America LLC of New York, NY indicated that toys with embedded information technologies—that is, nano, bio and cognitive technologies—are growing over 15% annually, and will grow to sales of US $146 billion by 2015. As an example, one of the "smart toys" the study cites are "interactive puppets" that become "real playmates" through the combination of artificial intelligence and ultrafine sensors. The latter can measure changes in facial expressions, movements, and environment and the puppets react accordingly. Selection criteria The issue of balance is often mentioned in connection with smart toys—namely, that their use should be kept in proportion with other play activities. They should also be age appropriate and not become a substitute for interaction with parents. Playing with smart toys should be a supplement, not a replacement, for traditional play activities. Stevanne Auerbach emphasizes smart toys which have strong play value for the child, and are the "right toy at the right time." She does not favor those toys which fail to encourage discovery and exploration. Auerbach quips that "a toy playing with a child, as opposed to a child playing with a toy, is not beneficial for the child. Those toys that give the child control over interaction are best according to some child development researchers. Kiely Gouley argues that "...some of these toys are very entertaining and they make the child a passive observer." She continues: "...you want the child to engage with the world. If the toy does everything if it sings and beeps and shows pictures, what does the child have to do?" Smart toys should have very clean, easy-to-understand and navigate user interfaces. Claire Lerner, a child-development specialist, says that pretend play can be inhibited by highly structured toys: "They superimpose someone else's story on the kids. So kids don't develop their imaginations." In her view, simpler toys are preferable, because they are more flexible. From a designer of smart toy's viewpoint, this means that in order to achieve simplicity technologies need to be combined so as to render a very naturalistic user interface within the limits of other design constraints. Children by nature are unpredictable and often fail to follow the same rules followed by adults. One of the tasks of the designer is to anticipate ways that interaction with children can fail to be as expected and to guide the user into one of the expected responses. This can be achieved by giving the child options to select and other types of cues to follow. For parents and child development specialists alike, the task remains to select the right toys at the right time. However, from the toy designer's standpoint, the challenge is to identify the best technologies at a feasible cost, and then to develop products around those capabilities and limitations of the technologies used in smart toys. Anthropologist David Lancy argues that parent-child play is largely an artifact of wealthy developed countries not practiced by most of the world's population. It results from competitive pressures to ready children for survival in an information-based economy. He views the promotion of interaction between parents and children in "play activities" as a form of cultural imperialism practiced by the upper and upper middle class upon lower income socioeconomic strata. This is possibly one reservation on a completely unrestricted view that parents should always be involved in selecting appropriate smart toys for their children. In popular culture Smart toys are a relatively new but growing theme in popular culture, most notably (but not always) in the horror fiction genre. Notable examples include the Black Mirror episode "Rachel, Jack and Ashley Too", which features a smart toy modelled after a famous fictional pop idol, the 2022 film M3GAN, which features a smart toy resembling a little girl designed as a "friend" for real children, the 1998 film Small Soldiers, in which fictitious company Globotech Industries uses a smart chip to give their toys personality and a life of their own, and 51N3RG.Y (pronounced "Synergy"), a small benevolent robot appearing in Jem and the Holograms. While earlier films from the 2000s explored the idea of artificial intelligence used to mimic life, such as the Red and White Queens in the Resident Evil film series or "Simone" (S1M0NE) in Simone, the exploration of such technology in the realm of smart toys is still a growing and fairly recent territory in fiction. See also Connected toys M3GAN Rachel, Jack and Ashley Too Toy Toys-to-life References Smart devices Electronic toys Toy controversies
Protected Streaming is a DRM technology by Adobe. The aim of the technology is to protect digital content (video or audio) from unauthorized use. Protected Streaming consists of many different techniques; basically there are two main components: encryption and SWF verification. This technique is used by the Hulu desktop player and the RTÉ Player. Fifa.com also uses this technique to serve the videos on the official site. Some videos on YouTube also use RTMPE, including those uploaded there by BBC Worldwide. Encryption Streamed content is encrypted by the Flash Media Server "on the fly", so that the source file itself does not need to be encrypted (a significant difference from Microsoft's DRM). For transmission ("streaming"), a special protocol is required, either RTMPE or RTMPS. RTMPS uses SSL-encryption. In contrast, RTMPE is designed to be simpler than RTMPS, by removing the need to acquire a SSL Certificate. RTMPE makes use of well-known industry standard cryptographic primitives, consisting of Diffie–Hellman key exchange and HMACSHA256, generating a pair of RC4 keys, one of which is then used to encrypt the media data sent by the server (the audio or video stream), while the other key is used to encrypt any data sent to the server. RTMPE caused less CPU-load than RTMPS on the Flash Media Server. Adobe fixed the security issue in January 2009, but did not fix the security holes in the design of the RTMPE algorithm itself. Analysis of the algorithm shows that it relies on security through obscurity. For example, this renders RTMPE vulnerable to Man in the Middle attacks. Tools which have a copy of the well-known constants extracted from the Adobe Flash Player are able to capture RTMPE streams, a form of the trusted client problem. Adobe issued DMCA takedowns on RTMPE recording tools, including rtmpdump, to try to limit their distribution. In the case of rtmpdump, however, this led to a Streisand effect. SWF verification The Adobe Flash Player uses a well-known constant, appended to information derived from the SWF file (a hash of the file and its size), as input to HMACSHA256. The HMACSHA256 key is the last 32 bytes of the server's first handshake packet. The Flash Media Server uses this to limit access to those clients which have access to the SWF file (or have been given a copy of the hash and the size of the SWF file). All officially allowed clients (which are in fact *.swf files) need to be placed on the Flash Media Server streaming the file. Any other client requesting a connection will receive a "connection reject". The combination of both techniques is intended to ensure streams cannot be sniffed and stored into a local file, as SWF verification is intended to prevent third party clients from accessing the content. However, it does not achieve this goal. Third party clients are free to write the decrypted content to a local file simply by knowing the hash of the SWF file and its size. In practice, therefore, Adobe's own implementation of the Macromedia Flash Player is the only client which does not allow saving to a local file. The only possible way to restrict connections to a Flash Media Server is to use a list of known hosts, to avoid the whole player (the Flash client) being placed on an unauthorised website. Even this has no real benefit for mass-distributed files, as any one of the known hosts could take a copy of the data and re-distribute it at will. Thus "known host" security is only useful when the known hosts can be trusted not to re-distribute the data. Notes References Whitepaper by Adobe RTMPE (Adobe LiveDocs) RTMPS (Adobe LiveDocs) rtmpdump 2.1+ (Source code and binaries) Source code of rtmpdump v1.6 by Andrej Stepanchuk RTMPE specification, generated from the rtmpdump source code RTMFP encryption mechanism (DRAFT), reverse engineered from scratch Multimedia Network protocols
Project MyWorld is a 3D mapping SDK (software development kit) that started as a video game developed by Realtime Worlds. When Realtime Worlds closed in September 2010, Project MyWorld was sold to Kimble Operations (formerly known as Newincco 1027) for less than £3 million. The head of interactive media at Revolver PR believed that it could have been worth "hundreds of millions of pounds." News Project MyWorld was announced on 28 July 2010 with the launch of a teaser trailer. The video states that the game will be launched in 2011. Even after sale notice, Project MyWorld's official website went down in late 2010. It has not been seen since. In May 2011, Kimble Operations (now renamed once again, to eeGeo) announce that Project MyWorld will be shown in upcoming weeks. It has been renamed as Mapply, and then again as Recce (slang term for reconnaissance) after a dispute with a French company named 'Mappy'. The main focus of eeGeo is providing Recce as a 3D mapping SDK for other apps to be built upon. EeGeo Management Eegeo's own website lists Hassan Sadiq as its current (December 2015) chairman, along with Ian Hetherington as CEO. References External links eeGeo website Facebook page Realtime Worlds games Windows games
iCore Virtual Accounts is free download OS level virtualization (container-based virtualization) for Microsoft Windows XP. Program The program is an isolated virtual machine that runs on top of the existing hardware and operating system. It allows the user to create multiple virtual "accounts" (virtual machines) that can be easily created or deleted without affecting each other's state or the state of the core operating system. Such machines create and capture the output of a virtual "account" inside a virtual disk. Only the changes to specific files and programs accessible to that virtual account will be stored in the virtual disk attached to that account. One can install programs inside it that will be sandboxed from the entire system, existing only inside the virtual disk. Each virtual account has full dedicated PC functionality with its own processes, files, and applications. This is accomplished by using a virtualization layer in the kernel of the host OS. In contrast, programs accessible to all users of the computer will be usable in the virtual accounts without taking up space there, but the settings and bookmarks for the users of that account will stay inside the virtual disk. Technical overview For every application and/or user, the program is an autonomous OS, with its own registry, process, files, services and so on. Software from vendors can run inside a container without modification. Version compatibility As of December 20, 2010, iCore only supports Windows XP. See also Comparison of platform virtualization software Operating system-level virtualization Sandbox (computer security) References External links Virtualization software
Westinghouse Disk Utility, popularly called WDU, is a copy/backup/restore program for IBM's DOS, DOS/VS, and DOS/VSE environments. In 1978, it was reported that WDU, a product of Westinghouse Electric Corporation, was in use at over 3,000 sites. Originally designed for IBM's DOS, Westinghouse continued developing it for subsequent generations, including DOS/VS, DOS/VSE, and VM/CMS. The product offered a wide variety of backup and copy options, data streaming, alternating tape drives, and an ability to create archives. Development Pittsburgh Steve O'Donnell wrote the original utility, which was distributed free of charge. Its popularity made Westinghouse realize WDU had potential as a commercial product, thus laying the foundation for the Westinghouse Software Group, eventually called WEMS, Westinghouse Management Systems. Columbus In 1972, IBM released DOS/VS with the IBM/370 and the Westinghouse Software group began a rewrite for new products. Several new team members were assigned, including John Gaston, who took over lead development following the departure of Steve O'Donnell in the latter 1970s. (Steve O'Donnell went on to found GOAL Systems, Inc.) Paris Westinghouse Marketing suffered a schism about the same time, and the result was that Europe established an independent subsidiary, Westinghouse Electric Management Systems, SA, or WEMSSA, headquartered in Paris. At that point, the Westinghouse product line, WDU and Westi, bifurcated, taking independent development paths. Orlando The original development team moved to Orlando, Florida, where it eventually came under the management of Dr. Ray Ferguson and focused on integration with VSE and later on, conjoining the bifurcated products. A new development began initiated by III of Orlando, Florida and guided by Dr. Ferguson. Original plans called for both VM/CMS and new VSE versions. However, part way into development, Westinghouse began to break up the division during the outsourcing thrust of the Reaganomics era. Through badly managed negotiations, Westinghouse ended up with neither developers or outsourcing partners, which spelled the end for one of the industries foremost software groups. Marketing North American marketing was conducted by the WEMS marketing group based in Pittsburgh, and included first level tech support. Westinghouse Electric Management Systems, SA (WEMSSA), Paris, London, Geneva, Zürich, Munich, and Amsterdam, was given world marketing rights, initially for Europe, Africa, and the Far East. References Backup software IBM mainframe software
GRAITEC is an Autodesk reseller and developer of CAD / CAE software for the civil engineering and construction industries. Headquartered in France, the company was founded in 1986 by Francis Guillemard. From its inception in France, GRAITEC expanded to become a conglomerate of 11 wholly owned subsidiaries located across the globe, including in countries like France, Germany, Spain, Czech Republic, Italy, Slovakia, Russia, Romania, the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States. History 1986, GRAITEC was founded by Francis Guillemard. 1989: Launched three design softwares: Effel (Finite Element Analysis software for concrete, steel and timber), Arche (building simulation and automated detailing software for concrete building) and Melody (2D steel frame analysis software that features automatic connection design and drawing creation). 1999: Created GRAITEC Romania 2001: Created GRAITEC Inc. in Canada[5]; launched Advanced Concrete, for reinforced concrete modeling and detailing in AutoCAD; GRAITEC became an Autodesk Unique Application reseller. 2002: Acquired DSC CAD/CAM-Technologien GmbH in Germany. HyperSteel software (steel modeling and detailing) served as the technical platform in the development of Advance Steel; GRAITEC SA became the operational holding company; Creation of GRAITEC SARL in France; Launched Advanced Steel, a high-end steel modeling and detailing system in AutoCAD® 2003: Created GRAITEC USA Inc. in Boston; Acquired AB Studio spol. s.r.o. in the Czech republic and expanded the GRAITEC Suite with CADKON (Architecture and MEP suite on AutoCAD®). 2004: Made agreements with additional distribution partnerships in Russia and Poland. 2005: Introduced Advanced Design, a next-generation structural analysis software. The company also formed a distribution partnership in China. 2006: DSC CAD/CAM-Technologien GmbH became GRAITEC GmbH; Built new partnerships in Europe (Baltic Countries, etc.), in Asia (Philippines, South Korea, etc.) and had first customers in Latin America (Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Venezuela, etc.). 2007: Acquired Adris Ltd. in the UK and expanded the GRAITEC Suite with MILLERCAD (Office layout design); Acquired CivilDesign Inc. in Canada and expanded the GRAITEC Suite with VisualDesign (Finite Element Analysis software for concrete, steel and timber). In 2008, the company acquired Computer Service im Ingenieurbau GmbH (CSI) in Germany, Integer Ltd. in the UK, and Abc service in France. It also further expanded its software suite with SuperSUITE, CS Statik, and CS Pons, which all analyze and calculate steel and concrete designs. In 2009, GRAITEC CJSC was launched in Russia. Integer Ltd. was also rebranded as GRAITEC UK. CivilDesign and GRAITEC merged to become one single entity. The following year, GRAITEC Asia launched in Singapore. CSI and GRAITEC GmbH merged in 2011 to become GRAITEC GmbH. In 2015, the company acquired Total CAD Systems, Inc. in Houston. GRAITEC became an Autodesk Gold Level reseller in 2018. GRAITEC acquired Opentree Ltd and its document management system, Cabinet, in 2019. Acquisition of 2aCAD. This was also the year that Apax Partners acquired a majority stake in GRAITEC. Cadpoint UK was acquired in November 2020. In 2021, Graitec acquired the Canadian-based company Strucsoft Solutions, and the Spanish-based structural analysis company Arktec. In 2022, Graitec announces an agreement to acquire Applied Software to become world leader of AEC and Manufacturing System Integration. Originally founded in 1982, Atlanta-based Applied Software is a historic Autodesk partner. With 130 employees located in more than 20 states, Applied Software has helped over 5,000 customers digitize their processes in the construction and manufacturing spaces throughout the United States. With the acquisition of Applied Software, the Graitec group consolidates its existing position in North America while taking on a significant market share in the BIM market. Products GRAITEC offers CAD and CAE analysis and design software for the civil engineering and construction fields. Its Advance Software suite integrates the following features: data exchange tools between engineering and detailing, tools for pre-dimensioning in CAD models, and automatic document management. Advance Concrete Advance Concrete is a reinforced concrete modeling and detailing software in AutoCAD, with automated creation of reinforcement and formwork drawings and bill of materials. Launched in 2001, Advance Concrete was the first application in the Advance Suite. Advance Steel Advance Steel is a major extension of AutoCAD for structural steel modeling and detailing and the automatic creation of general arrangement drawings, fabrication drawings, material lists and NC files. Advance Steel was specifically developed for the steel industry to increase design productivity and production quality through the acceleration of the modeling process. Advance Steel has been transferred to Autodesk. Advance Design Advance Design is a FEM analysis and design software for reinforced concrete, steel work and timber design integrating advanced functionalities for structure modeling, finite element analysis and results post-processing. It conducts static and dynamic analysis of 2D and 3D structures, from bridges and culverts to buildings and towers. Advance Design is currently available in two versions: one according to North American standards and the other according to European standards. Subsidiaries GRAITEC Inc., North America, located in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada AB Studio spol. s.r.o, Acquired by Graitec in 2003 GRAITEC SARL, France GRAITEC GmbH, Germany. Acquired by GRAITEC in 2002 GRAITEC Romania SRL GRAITEC Iberica, Spain. Launched in June 2007 Adris Ltd., United Kingdom. Acquired in 2007 by Graitec Integer Software Ltd., United Kingdom References Computer-aided design Computer-aided engineering software Construction and civil engineering companies of France Product lifecycle management Software companies of France Companies based in Paris Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1986 French companies established in 1986
Paul Brainerd (born 1947) is an American businessman, computer programmer and philanthropist. In 1984, he co-founded the Aldus Corporation, which released Pagemaker, the first consumer-use desktop publishing software. Brainerd has since coined the term "desktop publishing". Since 1995, he has been involved in philanthropic efforts, including the founding of Social Ventures Partners in 1997, a global organization that connects local investors with non-profit community organizations. Life Brainerd was born in Medford, Oregon, to Phil and VerNatta Brainerd. He attended the University of Oregon, where he received his BA in business administration, followed by an M.S. in journalism from the University of Minnesota. He was the editor for the school's paper, the Oregon Daily Emerald. Following graduation, he worked at the Minneapolis Star-Tribune. Desktop publishing Brainerd co-founded the publishing/printing software company Aldus in 1984. The company subsequently brought PageMaker to the market. Brainerd is also known for having coined the term "desktop publishing". He stepped down from his position of president and chief executive of Aldus in 1993, ten years after its founding. Philanthropy In 1995, Brainerd founded the Brainerd Foundation, a small family foundation that provides innovative grantmaking to Pacific Northwest communities and nonprofits to build a lasting conservation ethic at the local, state, and federal level. Brainerd founded Social Ventures Partners (SVP) in 1997. The organization works by matching philanthropists, who provide funding and mentorship, with local community organizations. By 2017, the organization consisted of 3,500 venture philanthropists in 43 cities and nine countries. The group's collective investments total more than $63 million in over 800 organizations. In 2000, Paul Brainerd founded Islandwood, an environmental learning center created to improve access to meaningful, nature-based learning experiences for the region's children. The center is located on Bainbridge Island, Washington. In 2018, Brainerd founded Camp Glenorchy, an accommodation provider that operates in Glenorchy, New Zealand. Camp Glenorchy is designed, built, engineered and operated in line with the philosophy and principles of the Living Building Challenge, a sustainability standard for buildings. The establishment of the camp was controversial with the local community. References Sources HistoryLink Essay: Paul Brainerd Brainerd Foundation Philanthropists from Oregon American computer programmers University of Oregon alumni People from Medford, Oregon Living people 1947 births
In mathematics, in the area of lambda calculus and computation, directors or director strings are a mechanism for keeping track of the free variables in a term. Loosely speaking, they can be understood as a kind of memoization for free variables; that is, as an optimization technique for rapidly locating the free variables in a term algebra or in a lambda expression. Director strings were introduced by Kennaway and Sleep in 1982 and further developed by Sinot, Fernández and Mackie as a mechanism for understanding and controlling the computational complexity cost of beta reduction. Motivation In beta reduction, one defines the value of the expression on the left to be that on the right: or (Replace all x in E(body) by y) While this is a conceptually simple operation, the computational complexity of the step can be non-trivial: a naive algorithm would scan the expression E for all occurrences of the free variable x. Such an algorithm is clearly O(n) in the length of the expression E. Thus, one is motivated to somehow track the occurrences of the free variables in the expression. One may attempt to track the position of every free variable, wherever it may occur in the expression, but this can clearly become very costly in terms of storage; furthermore, it provides a level of detail that is not really needed. Director strings suggest that the correct model is to track free variables in a hierarchical fashion, by tracking their use in component terms. Definition Consider, for simplicity, a term algebra, that is, a collection of free variables, constants, and operators which may be freely combined. Assume that a term t takes the form where f is a function, of arity n, with no free variables, and the are terms that may or may not contain free variables. Let V denote the set of all free variables that may occur in the set of all terms. The director is then the map from the free variables to the power set of the set . The values taken by are simply a list of the indices of the in which a given free variable occurs. Thus, for example, if a free variable occurs in and but in no other terms, then one has . Thus, for every term in the set of all terms T, one maintains a function , and instead of working only with terms t, one works with pairs . Thus, the time complexity of finding the free variables in t is traded for the space complexity of maintaining a list of the terms in which a variable occurs. General case Although the above definition is formulated in terms of a term algebra, the general concept applies more generally, and can be defined both for combinatory algebras and for lambda calculus proper, specifically, within the framework of explicit substitution. See also Term rewrite system Explicit substitution Memoization References F.-R. Sinot. "Director Strings Revisited: A Generic Approach to the Efficient Representation of Free Variables in Higher-order Rewriting." Journal of Logic and Computation 15(2), pages 201-218, 2005. Lambda calculus Rewriting systems Software optimization
reQall debuted in 2007 as an app that intelligently organized your spoken voice notes winning a DEMOgod award. Their first app was a voice-enabled personal productivity software program that integrates phone, email, text messaging and IM into a mobile memory aid. The software was available as a web-based application or as a download for the Apple iPhone, Android or the RIM BlackBerry smartphone. It was available in free and paid versions. reQall was recognized as one of the top 25 ideas from MIT Media Lab over the past 25 years and is based on the Phd research work of Sunil Vemuri. Focused on how mobile technology could be used to help people capture their daily experiences and then efficiently catalog that information so that it could be retrieved and used at a later time. In March 2009, the company introduced a new version of reQall that includes a patent-pending “Memory Jogger” that analyzes various aspects of the user’s current situation (time, location and upcoming calendar events) to provide a dynamically updated display of relevant to-dos and notes. The Memory Jogger proactively provides contextually-relevant reminders rather than relying on the user to seek information by accessing a static to-do list or calendar. In 2014, reQall has forayed into bringing assistance to a range of devices such as Sony SmartWatch, Pebble, Toq, Google Glass, Samsung Gear and Gear Fit.. reqallable automatically determines and prioritizes messages from all of your most important contacts based on your calendar, communications, activity and location. When you’ve scheduled a meeting, reqallable will alert you to messages from participants, temporarily elevating those contacts to VIP status while holding back other, less-critical messages until the meeting has finished. When a message arrives, reqallable parses emails and texts to present only the most crucial details, and even offers the ability to answer via voice or to tap a quick reply for a prompt response. reQall is a venture-backed company based in NASA's Silicon Valley research park. Sometime in September 2015 the ReQall brand was taken over by Zeroin. The ReQall app no longer functions and data stored in the ReQall mobile application has been lost. Attempts to log in or find a remnant of the previous account in the new site result in no response of functionality. See also vidby DeepL References Personal digital assistants
IBM Forms is a suite of products by IBM's Lotus Software division that interact to develop and deliver data-driven, XML-based electronic forms (e-forms) to end-users. IBM Forms consists of a server, designer, and client viewer that enable creation, deployment, and streamlining of forms-based processes. IBM Forms originally used Extensible Forms Description Language (XFDL) as the format for its electronic forms, and it has gradually added XForms to XFDL as that standard has matured. With IBM Forms, organizations can use electronic forms to gather information from users and transmit that information to other systems. IBM Forms can be used as the front-end for business processes such as opening a new account. When a customer enters their information into a form and submits it for processing, their information could pass into a workflow application (such as FileNet or WebSphere Business Integration), a database (such as DB2 Universal Database or DB2 Content Manager), or any other type of application or process. There are four IBM Forms products: IBM Forms Server serves e-forms to web browsers and provides an API and platform to integrate e-forms with other business processes. IBM Forms Designer provides a WYSIWYG environment within Eclipse for designing e-forms. IBM Forms Viewer is a rich client that allows users to interact with e-forms online and offline. IBM Forms Turbo allows users to create, deploy, fill and perform basic reports on eForms using a Web browser. History of IBM Forms IBM Forms was originally a product called PureEdge Forms, developed by PureEdge Solutions based in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. IBM bought PureEdge in 2005 and renamed the technology IBM Workplace Forms. In 2007, it was renamed Lotus Forms, starting with version 3.0. In 2010, it was rebranded IBM Forms, starting with version 4.0. Previous incarnation of Lotus Forms In 1994, Lotus Development Corporation introduced Lotus Forms, another tool for creating electronic and printed forms. It has no relation to the current IBM Forms product. Industry Standards From 1993 to 1998, PureEdge (since acquired by IBM) developed the Universal Forms Description Language (UFDL). XFDL is the result of developing an XML syntax for the UFDL, thereby permitting the expression of forms in a syntax that promotes application interoperability and adherence to worldwide Internet standards. The original version of XFDL was published as a W3C Note in 1998. A number of features of XFDL have since been incorporated into a W3C Recommendation called XForms between 2003 and 2009. References External links IBM Forms home page IBM Forms blog by John Boyer on IBM developerWorks Forms
Mic in track (as well as Line in track and Mixer in track) was the default name of a file created after recording with the program MusicMatch Jukebox. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, Mic in track files began appearing on file-sharing networks such as Napster, usually without the knowledge of their creators. Because of the unique name, voyeurs could easily search for the files and listen to audio of unknowing individuals performing karaoke or joking around with friends. Several websites are devoted to cataloging and featuring their favorite Mic in track files. See also List of music software External links Mic in track recordings at Stark Effect Mic in track recordings at Evolution Control Music software
MLR may refer to: People Mary Lynn Rajskub, actress Places MLR Institute of Technology Mar-Lu-Ridge Summer Camp and Education and Conference Center Milnrow railway station, England, UK; National Rail station code MLR Finance Medical Loss Ratio, in health insurance Minimum lending rate Monotone likelihood ratio Money laundering regulations Literature Michigan Law Review Minnesota Law Review Modern Language Review Modern Law Review Monthly Labor Review, a monthly journal published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Science and technology Multiple linear regression – see Linear regression Morse/Long-range potential Machine-learned ranking Machine Learning Runtime, a machine learning environment in Databricks (software) Mineralocorticoid receptor Mixed lymphocyte reaction Mesencephalic locomotor region, a region in the brainstem comprising the pedunculopontine nucleus, the cuneiform nucleus and the subcuneiform nucleus Organizations Major League Rugby, the professional rugby union competition of North America. Ministry of Land and Resources Transport Metro Light Rail, the light rail in Sydney (2000–2012) Valley Metro Rail, the light rail network in Phoenix, Arizona Mid-life Refurbishment, another term for MTR MLR Train EMU Weapons and military Main Line of Resistance Muzzle-loading rifle Multiple rocket launcher Marine Littoral Regiment Sport Major League Rugby, a professional rugby competition in the United States and Canada Other Montana Land Reliance Metadata for learning resources or ISO/IEC 19788, a standard to describe learning resources See also
A Hebrew keyboard (Hebrew: mikledet ivrit) comes in two different keyboard layouts. Most Hebrew keyboards are bilingual, with Latin characters, usually in a US Qwerty layout. Trilingual keyboard options also exist, with the third script being Arabic or Russian, due to the sizable Arabic- and Russian-speaking populations in Israel. Layouts Standard Hebrew keyboard Standard Hebrew keyboards have a 101/104-key layout. Like the standard English keyboard layout, QWERTY, the Hebrew layout was derived from the order of letters on Hebrew typewriters. The layout is codified in SI-1452 by SII. The latest revision, from 2013, mostly modified the location of the diacritics points. One noteworthy feature is that in the standard layout, paired delimiters -– parentheses (), brackets [], braces {}, and angle brackets (less/greater than) <> –- have the opposite logical representation from the standard in left-to-right languages. This gets flipped again by the rendering engine's BiDi mirroring algorithm, resulting in the same visual representation as in Latin keyboards. Key mappings follow the logical rather than the physical representation. For instance, whether on a right-to-left or left-to-right keyboard, Shift-9 always produces a logical "open parenthesis". On a right-to-left keyboard, this is written as the Unicode character U+0029, "right parenthesis": ). This is true on Arabic keyboards as well. On a left-to-right keyboard, this is written as the Unicode character U+0028, "left parenthesis": (. In a 102/105-key layout of this form, there would be an additional key to the right of the left shift key. This would be an additional backslash key. Keyboards with 102 keys are not sold as standard, except by certain manufacturers which have elected to sell European-style 102-key Hebrew keyboards, such as Logitech and Apple). On computers running Windows, Alt-Shift switches between keyboard layouts. Holding down a Shift key (or pressing Caps Lock) in Windows produces the uppercase Latin letter without the need to switch layouts. SI-1452-2 Improved Mapping In 2018, SII published the SI-1452-2 "Improved Mapping" standard. This layout is also known as arkn (Hebrew: ארקן) after the four consecutive keys in the top left of the keyboard. It is mostly identical to the SI-1452 layout, with the following changes: The punctuation marks period (.), comma (,), apostrophe (') and forward slash (/) have been moved to the same position as on a QWERTY keyboard. Note: semicolon (;) remains in place. ת takes ן's place in order to move the latter away from ו, to which its proximity sometimes causes confusion. ץ and ן were moved to the top left part of the keyboard. All Niqqud marks moved to their Lyx-style layout, even on systems where this isn't supported with the SI-1452 layout (such as macOS). The rafe diacritic (◌ֿ) and two cantillation marks, meteg (◌ֽ) and ole (◌֫), were added. True Hebrew gershayim (״), quotes („”) and maqaf (־) were added. RLM and LRM characters added on all systems. Multiplication (×) and division (÷) signs were added. As of October 2023, the improved mapping has no support by default on major desktop providers (Microsoft Windows, MacOS, or X Keyboard Config on Linux) and users must download it from mikladot.com. Hebrew on standard Latin-based keyboards There are a variety of layouts that, for the most part, follow the phonology of the letters on a Latin-character keyboard such as the QWERTY or AZERTY. Where no phonology mapping is possible, or where multiple Hebrew letters map to a single Latin letter, a similarity in shape or other characteristic may be chosen. For instance, if ס (samech) is assigned to the S key, ש (shin/sin) may be assigned to the W key, which it arguably resembles. The shift key is often used to access the five Hebrew letters that have final forms (sofit) used at the end of words. These layouts are commonly known as "Hebrew-QWERTY" or "French AZERTY-Hebrew" layouts. While Hebrew layouts for Latin-based keyboards are not well standardized, macOS comes with a Hebrew-QWERTY variant, and software layouts for Microsoft Windows can be found on the Internet. Tools such as the Microsoft Keyboard Layout Creator can also be used to produce custom layouts. While uncommon, manufacturers are beginning to produce Hebrew-QWERTY stickers and printed keyboards, useful for those who do not wish to memorize the positions of the Hebrew characters. Niqqud History SI-1452 in its pre-2013 version made an error in the definition. Originally, it tried to assign niqqud to the upper row of the keyboard. Due to an ambiguity in the standard's language, however, anyone reasonably reading the standard would conclude that pressing shift+the upper row keys would produce both Niqqud and the standard signs available in the US keyboard. Faced with this ambiguity, most manufacturers developed a de facto standard where pressing Shift+upper row key produces the same result as with the US mapping (except the reversal of the open and close brackets). Niqqud was delegated to a more complicated process. Typically, that would be pressing the caps-lock, and then using shift+the keys. This combination was obscure enough, in combination with the relative rare use of Niqqud in modern Hebrew, that most people did not even know of its existence. Even those who did know, would rarely memorize the quite arbitrary locations of the specific marks. Most people who needed it would use virtual graphical keyboards available on the World Wide Web, or by methods integrated into particular operating systems. The 2013 revision of SI-1452 sought out to rectify both of those problems. For compatibility reasons, it was decided to not touch the first two shifting layers of the layout (i.e. - no shift keys at all and the shift key pressed). Niqqud and other marks were added mostly to layer 3, with AltGr pressed. Notes: [1] The letter "ס" represents any Hebrew consonant. [2] For sin-dot and shin-dot, the letter "ש" (sin/shin) is used. [3] The dagesh, mappiq, and shuruk have different uses, but the same graphical representation, and hence are input in the same manner. [4] For shuruk, the letter "ו" (vav) is used since it can only be used with that letter. A rafe can be input by inserting the corresponding Unicode character, either explicitly or via a customized keyboard layout. SIL International have developed another standard, which is based on Tiro, but adds the Niqqud along the home keys. Linux comes with "Israel - Biblical Hebrew (Tiro)" as a standard layout. With this layout, niqqud can be typed without pressing the Caps Lock key. Current Layout The new layout (SI-1452, 2013 revision) was influenced by the Linux Lyx layout, that uses the first letter of the Niqqud mark name as the position for the mark. Letters where collisions happened were decided based on frequency of use, and were located in places that should still be memorable. For example, the Holam mark conflicted with Hirik, so it was placed on the Vav letter, where Holam is usually placed in Hebrew. Likewise, the Qubutz mark, which looks like three diagonal points, conflicted with the much more useful Qamatz mark, so it was placed on the backslash key, that bears visual resemblance to it. The new revision also introduced some symbols that were deemed useful. For example, it introduced that LRM and RLM invisible control characters (placed on the right and left brackets) to allow better formatting of complex BiDi text. Windows supports SI-1452 since Windows 8, which was actually shipped prior to the standard's acceptance. This is due to Microsoft's membership of the SI committee. Their implementation was based on one of the final drafts, but that draft ended up almost identical to the final standard. Linux switched to using SI-1452 once it was released, and in the process deprecated the Lyx layout, which no longer offered any added value. Directionality Since Hebrew is read and written right-to-left, as opposed to left-to-right as in English, the cursor keys and delete keys work backwards when Hebrew text is entered in left-to-right directionality mode. Because of the differences between left-to-right and right-to-left, some difficulties arise in punctuation marks that are common between the two languages, such as periods and commas. When using standard left-to-right input, pressing the "period" key at the end of a sentence displays the mark on the wrong side of the sentence. However, when the next sentence is started, the period moves to the correct location. This is due to the operating system defaulting to its standard text directionality when a typed character (such as a punctuation mark) does not have a specified directionality. There are several ways to force right-to left directionality. When typing, a Unicode right-to-left mark can be inserted where necessary (such as after a punctuation mark). In Notepad, or any Windows standard text box, it can be done with from the context menu Insert Unicode control character. With Windows Hebrew keyboard, RLM can be generated pressing . In Microsoft Word, the Format -> Paragraph menu can be used to change the paragraph's default direction to right-to-left. Similar setting is available in Gmail composer. There are also ways to choose the way the text is displayed, without changing the text itself. In Internet Explorer, right-to-left display can be forced by right-clicking a webpage and selecting Encoding -> Right-To-Left Document. In Notepad, or any Windows standard text box, directionality can be changed by right-clicking and selecting Right to left Reading order. Same effect can be achieved by pressing . You can switch back to Left to right Reading order by unselecting the check box or pressing . Note that this only effects presentation of the text. Next time you open the same text in Notepad, you will need to perform the same direction switch again. Access through the Ctrl key Direction marks As described above, the Hebrew keyboard setting in Microsoft Windows has a shortcut to insert the Unicode right-to-left mark. The same effect can be achieved with . The shortcuts for left-to-right mark are and . Separators The shortcut for the 'Unit Separator' control code (caret notation ) is . The shortcut for 'Record Separator' control code (caret notation ) is . Note that in Notepad, or any Windows standard text box, these characters can be easily inserted via the context menu Insert Unicode control character. For Linux, Ubuntu, Debian and ChromeOS, the sequence is followed by the control code value, then or . Access through the AltGr key Sheqel symbol The symbol "₪", which represents the sheqel sign, can be typed into Windows, Linux and ChromeOS with the Hebrew keyboard layout set, using . On Mac OS X, it can be typed as . If a US or EU layout is in use, the sequence is + for some Windows applications and on Unix heritage systems. Euro symbol For a Euro sign, one would press the (ק). Rafe The rafe is a niqqud that is essentially no longer used in Hebrew. However, it used in Yiddish spelling (according to YIVO standards). It is accessed differently from other nequddot. On macOS, the rafe is input by pressing the desired letter (ב or פ and then the backslash \: בֿ, פֿ. On Windows, the rafe is input by pressing the AltGr key and the "-" key: Note: The letter "O" represents whatever Hebrew letter is used. Yiddish digraphs These Yiddish digraphs are not used in Hebrew; if one wanted two vavs, a vav-yud, or two yuds in Hebrew, one would enter the desired keys independently. Inaccessible punctuation Certain Hebrew punctuation, such as the geresh, gershayim, maqaf, pesiq, sof pasuq, and cantillation marks, are not accessible through the standard Hebrew keyboard layout. As a result, similar looking punctuation is often used instead. For example, a quotation mark is often used for a gershayim, an apostrophe for a geresh, a hyphen for a maqaf, a comma for a pesiq, and a colon for a sof pasuq, though this depends on the platform. On iOS devices, the geresh and gershayim are actually part of the system keyboard, albeit as substitutes for the apostrophe and quotation marks. See also Hebrew punctuation Keyboard layout Hebrew alphabet References External links Hebrew language Israeli culture Keyboard layouts
Xbox Play Anywhere, formerly Live Anywhere, is an ongoing initiative by Microsoft to bring the cross-platform Xbox network (formerly Xbox Live) service to a wide variety of Microsoft platforms and devices, chiefly the Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One, and Windows 10. Platforms The mobile device side of the service has been shown in concept at events such as E3 and CES on devices like a Motorola Q mobile phone, but specific details have not been released. Since then, Microsoft has unveiled its next generation mobile platform, Windows Phone. Microsoft plans on being more aggressive with mobile Xbox Live-connected games by strictly controlling the phone hardware that Windows Phone runs on, and enabling DirectX 9 graphics for Windows Phone, the same version of DirectX that the Xbox 360 uses. Live Gamertags are also used for the XNA Creator's Club service. On April 15, 2010, Xbox Live was shutdown for the original Xbox Console. In October 2011, Xbox Live was shutdown for the Zune. Features Single identity (Gamertag/Zune Tag) across all platforms (tied to Windows Live ID) Cross-platform chat, with text, voice, and video Unified friends list and message system Single, worldwide currency for purchasing virtual games, music, videos and content (Microsoft Points) Cross-platform multiplayer online gaming, including game invites Pricing Live is available in two tiers: Silver and Gold. Anybody who signs up to Live is given a Silver account, which offers a basic set of features that differ with each platform. Gold accounts require a subscription, but offer a greater variety of features. The original Xbox does not recognize Silver accounts, requiring Gold for all Live features (discontinued on April 15, 2010). Zune Social does not have two tiers, the service is free to all users, though there is a Zune Pass "all-you-can-eat"-style music subscription service that costs US$9.99. Availability Live is currently available in 220 countries, with more being brought online over time. See also Xbox Live Games for Windows - Live List of Games for Windows – Live titles Microsoft Points Windows Live ID Windows Phone External links Zune Social ExtremeTech article describing Live Anywhere concept Video of a Live client running on a mobile device Original Xbox Live To Shut Down References Games for Windows Xbox network Windows Mobile
Screwfix is a retailer of trade tools, accessories and hardware products based in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1979 as the Woodscrew Supply Company, the company was acquired in July 1999 by Kingfisher plc, which also owns B&Q, and is listed on the London Stock Exchange. History Based in Yeovil, Somerset, Screwfix started life as the Woodscrew Supply Company in 1979. The company’s first mail order catalogue consisted of a single page, solely dedicated to screws; in 1987, this was increased to a four page version named "Handimail" offering hardware to DIY and trade professionals. The first catalogue to be produced in the name of Screwfix Direct appeared in 1992, and, with a turnover of £4 million, the company moved into larger premises at Pen Mill, Yeovil, in 1994. In 1998 its turnover increased to £28 million, and the company moved to a purpose-built site at Houndstone Business Park in Yeovil. The first website was launched in February 1999, five months before the company was acquired by Kingfisher plc. Later that year, the company expanded its site in Houndstone, with the opening of a new contact centre employing five hundred people. In January 2000, Screwfix announced a turnover of £58 million, and trading hours were extended to seven days a week. In January 2001, turnover first exceeded £100 million, and after further expansion in the contact centre, Screwfix announced sales of £185 million in 2002. The thousandth employee joined the organisation in March 2000, and a month later, next-day deliveries within mainland United Kingdom were introduced. The company relaunched the website later that year, and was awarded Retailer Of the Year. In September 2004, to continue to meet the increased demand, a fully automated, 325,000 sq ft distribution centre was opened in Trentham, Stoke on Trent, fulfilling next day orders. The Screwfix Community, an online forum, was also launched later that year. In 2008, the company launched Plumbfix, offering qualified plumbers a wider range of specialist goods at better prices, this was followed by the launch of Electricfix the next year. In July 2011, Screwfix launched its "Click & Collect" service, which enables customers to order and pay securely online, and collect in store in as little as one minute. Also that year, Screwfix's mobile website was set up, providing an easier shopping experience when not at home. Click & Collect was introduced onto this platform in January 2012, since then sales from mobiles have increased by 250%. By 2013, Screwfix launched its three-hundredth store. In 2014 it opened seven stores in Northern Ireland and four stores in Germany. Since 2013, the web and mobile site has been extended to include 33,000 products available online, and the contact centre extended their opening hours to deliver a 24/7 service. 2015 saw the launch of Screwfix's Quickshop app, which allows customers to build their order on their smartphone and generates a QR code which can be scanned at the till point in store. Screwfix.com and Screwfix app attract up to 7 million unique visitors per week and the Screwfix Click & Collect service means customers can purchase supplies online (or over the phone) and then collect from store in as little as one minute. In 2016, Screwfix won the "Teleperformance Customer Experience Initiative of the Year" at the Retail Week Awards. In 2018, Screwfix was awarded Retail Week’s "Best Retailer over £250m" and "Digital Pioneer". In 2021 Screwfix Sprint was introduced, allowing customers to place an order on the new Screwfix app and get it delivered straight to their location – either at home or on site – in 60 minutes or less. Screwfix Sprint is currently available in over 325 eligible stores, reaching 45% of the UK population. Screwfix Sprint was awarded ‘Best Innovation in Delivery’ at the eCommerce Awards 2023 and ‘Best Customer Experience’ at the Retail Week Awards 2022. In July 2022, Screwfix opened its 800th store in Bourton-on-the-water, Gloucestershire, bringing Screwfix closer to its overall target of 1,000 stores across the UK and Republic of Ireland. Following the successful launch of its French website in 2021, in 2022 Screwfix also opened its first five stores in France, initially located in the Hauts de France region. Stores As of October 2023, Screwfix operates a network of over 870 stores across the United Kingdom, Ireland and France. In February 2023, Screwfix announced its ambition to open up to 85 new stores across the UK, Ireland and France by the end of January 2024, creating more than 800 jobs in local communities. The Screwfix Foundation In April 2013, Screwfix launched its first charity, The Screwfix Foundation. It supports charity projects involved in fixing, repairing, maintaining, or improving community buildings or facilities for those in need throughout the United Kingdom. The Screwfix Foundation works with Macmillan and also donates to local charities and not-for-profit organizations in need across the United Kingdom. The Screwfix Foundation has donated over £13m since it was launched (as of October 2023). References External links Screwfix official site Screwfix Ireland official site The Screwfix Foundation official site Companies based in Yeovil Wholesalers of the United Kingdom Home improvement companies of the United Kingdom Kingfisher plc Retail companies established in 1979 British companies established in 1979 1999 mergers and acquisitions British brands
Varsha Bhosle (1956 – 8 October 2012) was an Indian singer, journalist and writer based in Mumbai. She was the daughter of the playback singer Asha Bhosle. Career Bhosle was a professional Hindi and Bhojpuri playback singer, and appeared in concerts with her mother. Varsha finished school from Hill Grange High School, on Pedder Road, Mumbai, in 1973, with an ISC. She studied Political Science at Elphinstone College, which is affiliated with Bombay University in Mumbai. She wrote columns for the Indian web portal Rediff during 1997 – 2003; columns for The Sunday Observer during 1994 – 1998; and for Gentleman magazine in 1993. She also wrote a few articles for The Times of India and for Rakshak – The Protector police magazine. Personal life She lived in Mumbai with her mother. She had married a sports writer and public relations professional Hemant Kenkre but the couple divorced in 1998. She had a history of depression, exacerbated by the death of a close friend, and underwent psychiatric treatment. On 9 September 2008, she reportedly attempted suicide by taking an overdose of prescribed medicine, after which she was admitted to Mumbai's Jaslok hospital. On 8 October 2012, Bhosle committed suicide at her Prabhu Kunj residence in Mumbai. Her body was discovered by her mother's driver and maid in a pool of blood on the sofa in her home. Mumbai Police later confirmed the suicide and said she shot herself in the head with a licensed weapon. References 1956 births 2012 deaths Indian women journalists Indian women playback singers University of Mumbai alumni Suicides by firearm in India The Times of India journalists Indian women columnists 20th-century Indian journalists 20th-century Indian women singers 20th-century Indian singers 20th-century Indian women writers Women writers from Maharashtra Writers from Nagpur 21st-century Indian women writers 21st-century Indian writers 21st-century Indian journalists Musicians from Nagpur Women musicians from Maharashtra Singers from Maharashtra Hill Grange High School alumni 2012 suicides
LibTIFF is a library for reading and writing Tagged Image File Format (abbreviated TIFF) files. The set also contains command line tools for processing TIFFs. It is distributed in source code and can be found as binary builds for all kinds of platforms. The LibTIFF software was originally written by Sam Leffler while working for Silicon Graphics. Features Support for BigTIFF, files larger than 4 GiB, was included for LibTIFF 4.0. Exploits A TIFF file is composed of small descriptor blocks containing offsets into the file which point to a variety of data types. Incorrect offset values can cause programs to attempt to read erroneous portions of the file or attempt to read past the physical end of file. Improperly encoded packet or line lengths within the file can cause rendering programs which lack appropriate boundary checks to overflow their internal buffers. Multiple buffer overflows have been found in LibTIFF. Some of these have also been used to execute unsigned code on the PlayStation Portable, as well as run third-party applications on the iPhone and iPod Touch firmware. References External links LibTIFF Mailing list Archive LibTiff.NET - .NET version of LibTIFF Graphics libraries Software using the BSD license
CargoMax is a stability and load management software application for marine and offshore industries. It is developed and sold by Herbert-ABS Software Solutions, LLC. First released in 1979, CargoMax was one of the first computerized systems for planning and evaluating ship loading; it is currently one of the most-used software applications for this purpose. It helps determine cargo loading sequences by calculating stability and stress based on ship models created from vessel data: lightship weights, hydrostatic characteristics, tank data, and allowable shear forces and bending moments. Naval architects and engineers from Herbert-ABS customize each CargoMax installation using shipyard drawings and technical data. Different installations also include different sets of features from the program. History The first version of CargoMax was developed for Microsoft DOS in 1979 by Herbert Engineering Corp. First releases in MS Windows were made in the late 1990s. For a time Herbert shared ownership of LoadMaster International and sold the CargoMax program under that banner. In 2001, Herbert re-acquired full rights to CargoMax to form Herbert Software Solutions, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Herbert Engineering. In February 2011, Herbert Engineering and class society ABS formed a joint venture company, Herbert-ABS Software Solutions, LLC (Herbert-ABS) and Herbert Software Solutions became Herbert-ABS. Since then, program development, customer support, and marketing are carried out by Herbert-ABS. Herbert Engineering and ABS provides the technical support for CargoMax. Features Direct Damage Stability Module The CargoMax Direct Damage Stability (DDS) module allows tanker operators to load nonstandard cargos or non-standard configurations while ensuring that loading operations comply with requirements for damage stability, intact stability, and longitudinal strength. The DDS module allows the user to investigate the compliance of any given loading procedure and can be used to demonstrate compliance during flag state, port state, classification, or independent chartering inspections. Grain Stability Features for Bulk Carriers CargoMax implements recent supplemental requirements for vessels carrying bulk or grain cargo: a secondary strength evaluation and a damage stability evaluation. It provides a compliance report that includes the requirements for each cargo hold or set of holds, the actual loading for all holds, and a pass/fail status. To assess potential damages, the cargo in each hold is assigned a permeability, and the program simulates damage in each hold; the equilibrium waterline is calculated, and the amount of water flooding the hold is determined. The strength results for each damaged hold are compared with the requirement’s allowed strength, and an overall status is displayed. The program also allows the user to individually investigate the damage conditions for any hold. CargoMax has additional features to simplify the production of Grain Stability Reports for port authorities and dock managers. Based on information entered by the user, the program can provide reports according to several loading-report standards: the U.S. National Cargo Bureau, Trans-port Canada, and the Australian Maritime Safety Authority. Load / Discharge Sequencer Module Each step in the load/discharge or ballast water exchange sequence can be evaluated to ensure that all relevant strength, stability, draft, or other criteria are met. Interface with Tank Gauging System CargoMax can be provided with a direct interface to various tank and draft gauge systems such as Ian-Conrad Bergan, SAAB, Autronica, Skarpenord and others. The interface allows CargoMax to automatically obtain information from the gauging system. Special Functions and Calculation Options Ullage or Sounding Entry with trim, heel and wedge corrections Interface to Tank Gauging System Cargo Oil Rate Screen and Loading History Log Marpol /International Bulk Chemical, IBC direct damage required GMt calculation Liquefied Gas Calculations (LNG/LPG) IMO 13G calculations for Hydrostatic Balanced Loading (HBL) Special ROB/OBQ reports Damage Stability Option Automatic Distribution of cargo Oil and Ballast Grain Stability Option Cargo Loading Restriction Checking Local Hull Girder Shear Force Adjustments per Class Rules Hull deflections Detailed Container Entry with Lashing Calculations Bulk Cargo Pile Geometry Calculations Detailed Bulk Cargo Buildup System requirements CargoMax currently runs on Microsoft Windows desktop operating systems. Versions for Unix and Mac OS have never been released. Recommended system requirements are Microsoft Windows XP or higher and 200MB of RAM. The program is currently available in an English-language version only. Classification Societies Acceptance Major classification societies including ABS, DNV, LR, NK, CCS, BV, RINA, GL have accepted and approved CargoMax. The program is Type Approved by Det Norsk Veritas and Lloyd’s Register. It has the only ABS class-approved IACS Type 3 System as specified in IACS URL 5. Associated Programs Herbert-ABS has developed several related programs for type-specific enhancements. CruiseMax is a dedicated passenger ship loading and emergency support package. It expands the technology in HECSALV (the industry standard ship salvage software favored by large casualty response groups such as SMIT, the U.S. Coast Guard, Shell, BP, Germanischer Lloyd, and the U.K. Ministry of Defense). The first three of Mariotti’s Seabourn Odyssey Class of cruise ships will come equipped with CruiseMax (although they did get subsequently retrofitted with the competing NAPA Loading Computer software). Herbert launched CruiseMax at the Seatrade Cruise Ship exhibition in Miami, March 2009. Another associated program is LMP (Load Management Program), designated for semi-submersibles, TLPs, SPARs and FPSOs. LMP is a customizable program that can be configured to meet offshore Stability, Monitoring and Weight Management needs. See also Classification society Naval architecture Ship stability SNAME References External links Herbert-ABS Herbert Engineering Corporation Transport software
Tsinghua Tongfang Co., Ltd. is a Chinese state-owned software company based in Beijing. It is engaged in consumer electronics, information technology, energy and environment industries. IT businesses include information systems, application systems, digital television systems and web application. Energy and environmental business include environmental protection and energy saving. Tsinghua Tongfang markets TVs in North America, Europe and Australasia under many brands, including Seiki Digital, Element Electronics and Westinghouse Digital. Tsinghua Tongfang was established in 1997 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange at the same year. In 2019, China National Nuclear Corporation became the controlling shareholder of Tsinghua Tongfang. Tsinghua Tongfang manufactures its own in-house brand of televisions under the brand THTF. Investment Tongfang builds industry chains with focus on two major business: information industry and energy environment industry. This mainly includes the production and service of products like PCs, LED chips, security systems, digital TVs, digital city and environment protection. Tongfang's investment is mainly concentrated on North China, covering all large cities in China, and its investment overseas continues to expand. Tongfang entered a period of rapid growth in the year of 2007. Besides its continued investment in PC, container inspection system, environmental protection technology in recent years, it also has enlarged the investment in high-tech products, like LED chip, RFID, digital TV and e-government, making its investment projects scattered. References External links Companies based in Beijing Chinese companies established in 1997 Information technology companies of China Tsinghua University Government-owned companies of China Companies listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Chinese brands Software companies established in 1997
lumi is a free, open source and open development software project for the analysis and comprehension of Illumina expression and methylation microarray data. The project was started in the summer of 2006 and set out to provide algorithms and data management tools of Illumina in the framework of Bioconductor. It is based on the statistical R programming language. Features The lumi package provides an analysis pipeline for probe-level Illumina expression and methylation microarray data, including probe-identifier management (nuID), updated probe-to-gene mapping and annotation using the latest release of RefSeq (nuIDblast), probe-intensity transformation (VST) and normalization (RSN), quality control (QA/QC) and preprocessing methods specific for Illumina methylation data. By extending the ExprSet object with Illumina-specific features, lumi is designed to work with other Bioconductor packages, such as Limma and GOstats to detect differential genes and conduct Gene Ontology analysis. History The lumi project was started in the summer of 2006 at the Bioinformatics Core Facility of the Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center, Northwestern University. Originally lumi was designed for the analysis of Illumina Expression BeadArray data. Starting from 2010 (version > 2.0), functions of analyzing Illumina methylation microarray data was added. The project team consists of Drs. Pan Du, Simon M. Lin, and Warren A. Kibbe. The project was started upon a request for collaboration from Dr. Serdar E. Bulun to analyze a set of new Illumina microarray data acquired at his lab on the study of the effect of retinoic acids on cancers. Dr. Pan Du led the software development of the project. lumi was the first software package to utilize the unique design of redundancy of beadArrays for the data transformation and normalization processes. The first release of lumi was on January 3, 2007 through the Bioconductor website. Before its formal release, it was beta-tested at Norwegian Radiumhospital, Leiden University Medical Center, Universiteit van Amsterdam, Università degli Studi di Brescia, UC Davis, Wayne State University, NIH, M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, Case Western Reserve University, Harvard University, Washington University, and Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research. See also Bioconductor, integrated software for the statistical analysis of wet lab data in molecular biology Illumina Inc. and its beadArray technology External links lumi software release website Old lumi Website Official Bioconductor Website Free science software Free R (programming language) software Microarrays
Confluence is a web-based corporate wiki developed by Australian software company Atlassian. Atlassian wrote Confluence in the Java programming language and first published it in 2004. Confluence Standalone comes with a built-in Tomcat web server and hsql database, and also supports other databases. The company markets Confluence as enterprise software, licensed as either on-premises software or software as a service running on AWS. History Atlassian released Confluence 1.0 on March 25, 2004, saying its purpose was to build "an application that was built to the requirements of an enterprise knowledge management system, without losing the essential, powerful simplicity of the wiki in the process." In recent versions, Confluence has evolved into part of an integrated collaboration platform and has been adapted to work in conjunction with Jira and other Atlassian software products, including Bamboo, Clover, Crowd, Crucible, and Fisheye. In 2014, Atlassian released Confluence Data Center to add high availability with load balancing across nodes in a clustered setup. Features The book Social Media Marketing for Dummies in 2007 considered Confluence an "emergent enterprise social software" that was "becoming an established player." Wikis for Dummies described it as "one of the most popular wikis in corporate environments," "easy to set up and use," and "an exception to the rule" that wiki software search capabilities don't work well. eWeek cited in 2011 such new features in version 4 as auto-formatting and auto-complete, unified wiki and WYSIWYG, social network notifications and drag and drop integration of multimedia files. Use cases include basic enterprise communication, collaboration workspaces for knowledge exchange, social networking, Personal Information Management and project management. The German newspaper Computerwoche from IDG Business Media compares it to Microsoft SharePoint and finds it "a good starting point" as a platform for social business collaboration, while SharePoint is better suited to companies with more structured processes. Confluence includes set up CSS templates for styles and formatting for all pages, including those imported from Word documents. Built in search allows queries by date, the page's author, and content type such as graphics. The tool has add-ons for integration with standard formats, with a flexible programmable API allowing expansion. The software is relevant as an outline tool for requirements that can be linked to tasks in the Jira issue tracker by the same company. Discontinuation of wiki markup As of version 4.0, in 2011, Confluence ended support for wiki markup language. This led to a sometimes-heated discussion by some previous versions' users who objected to the change. In response, Atlassian provided a source code editor as a plugin, which allows advanced users the ability to edit the underlying XHTML-based document source. However, although the new source markup is XHTML-based, it is not XHTML compliant. Additionally, wiki markup can be typed into the editor and Confluence's autocomplete and auto-format function converts the wiki markup to the new format. After the real-time conversion, content can not be edited as wiki markup again. Security Confluence Cloud data is encrypted in transit and at rest. In June 2022, Atlassian disclosed a zero-day vulnerability in Confluence Server allowing remote code execution, which had been present for over a decade. See also Collaborative software Comparison of wiki software Comparison of wiki hosting services List of content management systems List of wiki software References External links Atlassian products Proprietary wiki software Java (programming language) software Technical communication tools Knowledge markets Wiki farms
Public-domain-equivalent license are licenses that grant public-domain-like rights and/or act as waivers. They are used to make copyrighted works usable by anyone without conditions, while avoiding the complexities of attribution or license compatibility that occur with other licenses. No permission or license is required for a work truly in the public domain, such as one with an expired copyright; such a work may be copied at will. Public domain equivalent licenses exist because some legal jurisdictions do not provide for authors to voluntarily place their work in the public domain, but do allow them to grant arbitrarily broad rights in the work to the public. The licensing process also allows authors, particularly software authors, the opportunity to explicitly deny any implied warranty that might give someone a basis for legal action against them. While there is no universally agreed-upon license, several licenses aim to grant the same rights that would apply to a work in the public domain. Licenses In 2000, the "Do What the Fuck You Want To Public License" (WTFPL) was released as a public-domain-equivalent license for software. It is distinguished among software licenses by its informal style and lack of a warranty disclaimer. In 2016, according to Black Duck Software, the WTFPL was used by less than 1% of FOSS projects. In 2009, Creative Commons released CC0, which was created for compatibility with jurisdictions where dedicating to public domain is problematic, such as continental Europe. This is achieved by a public-domain waiver statement and a fall-back all-permissive license, for cases where the waiver is not valid. The Free Software Foundation and the Open Knowledge Foundation approved CC0 as a recommended license to dedicate content to the public domain. The FSF and the Open Source Initiative, however, do not recommend the usage of this license for software due to inclusion of a clause expressly stating it does not grant patent licenses. In June 2016 an analysis of the Fedora Project's software packages placed CC0 as the 17th most popular license. The Unlicense software license, published around 2010, offers a public-domain waiver text with a fall-back public-domain-like license, inspired by permissive licenses but without an attribution clause. In 2015 GitHub reported that approximately 102,000 of their 5.1 million licensed projects, or 2%, use the Unlicense. The BSD Zero Clause License removes half a sentence from the ISC license, leaving only an unconditional grant of rights and a warranty disclaimer. It is listed by the Software Package Data Exchange as the Zero Clause BSD license, with the SPDX identifier 0BSD. It was first used by Rob Landley in Toybox and is OSI-approved. The MIT No Attribution License, a variation of the MIT License, was published in 2018 and has the identifier MIT-0 in the SPDX License List. Reception In the free-software community, there has been some controversy over whether a public domain dedication constitutes a valid open-source license. In 2004, lawyer Lawrence Rosen argued in the essay "Why the public domain isn't a license" that software could not truly be given into public domain, a position that faced opposition by Daniel J. Bernstein and others. In 2012, Rosen changed his mind, accepted CC0 as an open-source license, and admitted that, contrary to his previous claims, copyright can be waived away. In 2011, the Free Software Foundation added CC0 to its free software licenses and called it "the preferred method of releasing software in the public domain". In February 2012, when the CC0 license was submitted to the Open Source Initiative for approval, controversy arose over a clause which excluded any relevant patents held by the copyright holder from the scope of the license. This clause was added with scientific data in mind rather than software, but some members of the OSI believed it could weaken users' defenses against software patents. As a result, Creative Commons withdrew their submission, and the license is not currently approved by the OSI. In July 2022, the Fedora Project deprecated CC0 for software code for the same reasons, but will still allow its use for non-code content. In June 2020, following a request for legacy approval, OSI formally recognized the Unlicense as an approved license meeting the OSD. Google does not allow its employees to contribute to projects under public domain equivalent licenses like the Unlicense and CC0, while allowing contributions to 0BSD licensed and US government PD projects. See also Public domain Public Domain Mark Public-domain software Public copyright license Notes References Permissive software licenses Public domain Public copyright licenses Terms of service
The Harrow was an online magazine for fantasy and horror fiction, poetry, and reviews, launched in January 1998 by founder and editor-in-chief Dru Pagliassotti. The magazine has an all-volunteer editorial staff and reviewer pool and uses a double blind review system that provides authors with individualized feedback on their submissions. In 2008, The Harrow was published on the first of each month using Open Journal Systems software. From 2009, The Harrow staff are taking a break and the journal is not in production at the moment. Awards and recognition The Harrow has placed within the top 10 in the Preditors and Editors Best Fiction Magazines/E-Zines poll every year since 2003. Pieces first published in the magazine have received recognition in several other venues. First-place Harrow contest winner "Harming Obsession" by Bev Vincent received an honorable mention in The Year's Best Fantasy & Horror (16th Ed.); "The Pickup", a short story by Jim Schutte was a 2005 nominee for the Gaylactic Spectrum Award. M. Frost's poem, "Removing the Bloodstain", from the November 2006 issue was reprinted in the March 2007 newsletter from the Horror Writers Association. Well-known authors published in The Harrow include Gemma Files, Peter Crowther and Marlys Pearson. Editor Pagliassotti's fantasy novel, Clockwork Heart, was published by Juno Books in March 2008. Other authors published in The Harrow who also have novels or collections out include Brian Ames and Chris Howard. Anthologies In 2006, The Harrow produced Fear of the Unknown, published by Echelon Press, with an introduction by Chelsea Quinn Yarbro and including stories by Poppy Z Brite, Owl Goingback and Jack Ketchum. In 2007, it followed up with Midnight Lullabies, published by The Harrow Press, with an introduction by Tim Wynne-Jones. References External links Midwest Book Review of Fear of the Unknown FantasyLiterature.net interviews Dru Pagliassotti Defunct science fiction magazines published in the United States Fantasy fiction magazines Horror fiction magazines Magazines established in 1998 Magazines disestablished in 2009 Magazines published in California Online magazines published in the United States Mass media in Thousand Oaks, California
Symantec Workspace Virtualization (abbreviated as SWV) is an application virtualization solution for Microsoft Windows by Symantec, now known as Symantec Endpoint Virtualization Suite (SEVS). Originally pioneered by Altiris and based on technology acquired from FSLogic and named Software Virtualization Solution, SWV allows applications and data to be put into virtual layers (application layers and data layers) instead of being installed to the base file system and Registry. This is achieved through the use of a filter driver and layering technology Altiris acquired from FSLogic. By placing applications and data into managed layers called Virtual Software Packages (VSP's), SWV allows on-the-fly activation, deactivation, or resetting of applications, to avoid conflicts between applications, and to remove them cleanly without altering the base Windows installation. Altiris was acquired by Symantec Corporation in 2007, who are the makers of Norton AntiVirus, amongst other things. SWV is available on a trial basis, but must be purchased to enable the full features. SWV is free for private use. In 2008, Symantec acquired AppStream to incorporate the streaming of virtual applications. According to a quote from DABCC.com, this will "deliver virtualized, on-demand application delivery and management". Previous names for SWV are the before-mentioned SVS and Software Virtualization Professional. See also Citrix XenApp App-V VMware ThinApp References External links Altiris Software Virtualization Website Symantec Website SVS4All User Website 'Dutch SVS enthousiasts Dutch community of SVS adepts. 'German SVS/SWV site with SVS package downloads Virtualization software
The Sovereign Military Order of Malta (SMOM) is a sovereign entity maintaining diplomatic relations with 112 sovereign states (including the Holy See). Additionally, it has observer status or representation at multiple intergovernmental organisations. The Order has non-diplomatic official relations with five more states: France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg and Canada. The Order exchanges ambassadors with the European Union and the State of Palestine. Some states recognize SMOM as a sovereign state, rather than a sovereign subject of international law. For example, the Republic of San Marino in 1935 recognized SMOM as a sovereign state in its own right. As Italy recognizes, in addition to extraterritoriality, the exercise by SMOM of all the prerogatives of sovereignty in its headquarters, Italian sovereignty and SMOM sovereignty uniquely coexist without overlapping. , nine Schengen states did not recognize the diplomatic passports of the Order: Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, Greece, France, Finland, Sweden, Iceland, and Switzerland. Bilateral relations Diplomatic relations Official relations Unofficial relations The Order of Malta has unofficial relations with Taiwan through the Embassy of the Republic of China to the Holy See in Rome (Italy). Countries without established relations Countries with which the Order currently has no established relations: Europe: Andorra, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Netherlands (recognises as a knightly order), Norway, Sweden, United Kingdom Africa: Algeria, Botswana, Burundi, Djibouti, Eswatini, Gambia, Ghana, Libya, Malawi, Nigeria, Rwanda, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, Zimbabwe Asia: Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Indonesia, India, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Japan, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Malaysia, Maldives, Mongolia (accepts its stamps), Myanmar, Nepal, North Korea, Oman, Pakistan, People's Republic of China, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Syria, Taiwan, Turkey, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, Yemen Oceania: Australia, Cook Islands, Fiji, New Zealand, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu The Americas: Barbados, Dominica, Jamaica, Mexico, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Trinidad and Tobago, United States of America Intergovernmental organizations The Order of Malta has observer status at the following organizations: The Order of Malta has delegations or representations to the following organizations: See also List of diplomatic missions of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta List of diplomatic missions to the Sovereign Military Order of Malta List of permanent observers of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta to the United Nations Accreditations and diplomatic relations of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta References
Reflecting instruments are those that use mirrors to enhance their ability to make measurements. In particular, the use of mirrors permits one to observe two objects simultaneously while measuring the angular distance between the objects. While reflecting instruments are used in many professions, they are primarily associated with celestial navigation as the need to solve navigation problems, in particular the problem of the longitude, was the primary motivation in their development. Objectives of the instruments The purpose of reflecting instruments is to allow an observer to measure the altitude of a celestial object or measure the angular distance between two objects. The driving force behind the developments discussed here was the solution to the problem of finding one's longitude at sea. The solution to this problem was seen to require an accurate means of measuring angles and the accuracy was seen to rely on the observer's ability to measure this angle by simultaneously observing two objects. The deficiency of prior instruments was well known. Requiring the observer to observe two objects with two divergent lines of sight increased the likelihood of an error. Those that considered the problem realized that the use of specula (mirrors in modern parlance) could permit two objects to be observed in a single view. What followed is a series of inventions and improvements that refined the instrument to the point that its accuracy exceeded that which was required for determining longitude. Any further improvements required a completely new technology. Early reflecting instruments Some of the early reflecting instruments were proposed by scientists such as Robert Hooke and Isaac Newton. These were little used or may not have been built or tested extensively. The van Breen instrument was the exception, in that it was used by the Dutch. However, it had little influence outside of the Netherlands. Joost van Breen's reflecting cross-staff Invented in 1660 by the Dutch Joost van Breen, the spiegelboog (mirror-bow) was a reflecting cross staff. This instrument appears to have been used for approximately 100 years, mainly in the Zeeland Chamber of the VOC (The Dutch East India Company). Robert Hooke's single-reflecting instrument Hooke's instrument was a single-reflecting instrument. It used a single mirror to reflect the image of an astronomical object to the observer's eye. This instrument was first described in 1666 and a working model was presented by Hooke at a meeting of the Royal Society some time later. The device consisted of three primary components, an index arm, a radial arm and a graduated chord. The three were arranged in a triangle as in the image on the right. A telescopic sight was mounted on the index arm. At the point of rotation of the radial arm, a single mirror was mounted. This point of rotation allowed the angle between the index arm and the radial arm to be changed. The graduated chord was connected to the opposite end of the radial arm and the chord was permitted to rotate about the end. The chord was held against the distant end of the index arm and slid against it. The graduations on the chord were uniform and, by using it to measure the distance between the ends of the index arm and the radial arm, the angle between those arms could be determined. A table of chords was used to convert a measurement of distance to a measurement of angle. The use of the mirror resulted in the measured angle being twice the angle included by the index and the radius arm. The mirror on the radial arm was small enough that the observer could see the reflection of an object in half the telescope's view while seeing straight ahead in the other half. This allowed the observer to see both objects at once. Aligning the two objects together in the telescopes view resulted in the angular distance between them to be represented on the graduated chord. While Hooke's instrument was novel and attracted some attention at the time, there is no evidence that it was subjected to any tests at sea. The instrument was little used and did not have any significant effect on astronomy or navigation. Halley's reflecting instrument In 1692, Edmond Halley presented the design of a reflecting instrument to the Royal Society. This is an interesting instrument, combining the functionality of a radio latino with a double telescope. The telescope (AB in the adjacent image), has an eyepiece at one end and a mirror (D) partway along its length with one objective lens at the far end (B). The mirror only obstructs half the field (either left or right) and permits the objective to be seen on the other. Reflected in the mirror is the image from the second objective lens (C). This permits the observer to see both images, one straight through and one reflected, simultaneously besides each other. It is essential that the focal lengths of the two objective lenses be the same and that the distances from the mirror to either lens be identical. If this condition is not met, the two images cannot be brought to a common focus. The mirror is mounted on the staff (DF) of the radio latino portion of the instrument and rotates with it. The angle this side of the radio latino's rhombus makes to the telescope can be set by adjusting the rhombus' diagonal length. In order to facilitate this and allow for fine adjustment of the angle, a screw (EC) is mounted so as to allow the observer to change the distance between the two vertexes (E and C). The observer sights the horizon with the direct lens' view and sights a celestial object in the mirror. Turning the screw to bring the two images directly adjacent sets the instrument. The angle is determined by taking the length of the screw between E and C and converting this to an angle in a table of chords. Halley specified that the telescope tube be rectangular in cross section. This makes construction easy, but is not a requirement as other cross section shapes can be accommodated. The four sides of the radio latino portion (CD, DE, EF, FC) must be equal in length in order for the angle between the telescope and the objective lens side (ADC) to be precisely twice the angle between the telescope and the mirror (ADF) (or in other words – to enforce the angle of incidence being equal to the angle of reflection). Otherwise, instrument collimation will be compromised and the resulting measurements would be in error. The celestial object's elevation angle could have been determined by reading from graduations on the staff at the slider, however, that's not how Halley designed the instrument. This may suggest that the overall design of the instrument was coincidentally like a radio latino and that Halley may not have been familiar with that instrument. There is no knowledge of whether this instrument was ever tested at sea. Newton's reflecting quadrant Newton's reflecting quadrant was similar in many respects to Hadley's first reflecting quadrant that followed it. Newton had communicated the design to Edmund Halley around 1699. However, Halley did not do anything with the document and it remained in his papers only to be discovered after his death. However, Halley did discuss Newton's design with members of the Royal Society when Hadley presented his reflecting quadrant in 1731. Halley noted that Hadley's design was quite similar to the earlier Newtonian instrument. As a result of this inadvertent secrecy, Newton's invention played little role in the development of reflecting instruments. The octant What is remarkable about the octant is the number of persons who independently invented the device in a short period of time. John Hadley and Thomas Godfrey both get credit for inventing the octant. They independently developed the same instrument around 1731. They were not the only ones, however. In Hadley's case, two instruments were designed. The first was an instrument very similar to Newton's reflecting quadrant. The second had essentially the same form as the modern sextant. Few of the first design were constructed, while the second became the standard instrument from which the sextant derived and, along with the sextant, displaced all prior navigation instruments used for celestial navigation. Caleb Smith, an English insurance broker with a strong interest in astronomy, had created an octant in 1734. He called it an Astroscope or Sea-Quadrant. He used a fixed prism in addition to an index mirror to provide reflective elements. Prisms provide advantages over mirrors in an era when polished speculum metal mirrors were inferior and both the silvering of a mirror and the production of glass with flat, parallel surfaces was difficult. However, the other design elements of Smith's instrument made it inferior to Hadley's octant and it was not used significantly. Jean-Paul Fouchy, a mathematics professor and astronomer in France, invented an octant in 1732. His was essentially the same as Hadley's. Fouchy did not know of the developments in England at the time, since communications between the two country's instrument makers was limited and the publications of the Royal Society, particularly the Philosophical Transactions, were not being distributed in France. Fouchy's octant was overshadowed by Hadley's. The sextant The main article, Sextant, covers the use of the instrument in navigation. This article concentrates on the history and the development of the instrument The origin of the sextant is straightforward and not in dispute. Admiral John Campbell, having used Hadley's octant in sea trials of the method of lunar distances, found that it was wanting. The 90° angle subtended by the arc of the instrument was insufficient to measure some of the angular distances required for the method. He suggested that the angle be increased to 120°, yielding the sextant. John Bird made the first such sextant in 1757. With the development of the sextant, the octant became something of a second class instrument. The octant, while occasionally constructed entirely of brass, remained primarily a wooden-framed instrument. Most of the developments in advanced materials and construction techniques were reserved for the sextant. There are examples of sextants made with wood, however most are made from brass. In order to ensure the frame was stiff, instrument makers used thicker frames. This had a drawback in making the instrument heavier, which could influence the accuracy due to hand-shaking as the navigator worked against its weight. In order to avoid this problem, the frames were modified. Edward Troughton patented the double-framed sextant in 1788. This used two frames held in parallel with spacers. The two frames were about a centimetre apart. This significantly increased the stiffness of the frame. An earlier version had a second frame that only covered the upper part of the instrument, securing the mirrors and telescope. Later versions used two full frames. Since the spacers looked like little pillars, these were also called pillar sextants. Troughton also experimented with alternative materials. The scales were plated with silver, gold or platinum. Gold and platinum both minimized corrosion problems. The platinum-plated instruments were expensive, due to the scarcity of the metal, though less expensive than gold. Troughton knew William Hyde Wollaston through the Royal Society and this gave him access to the precious metal. Instruments from Troughton's company that used platinum can be easily identified by the word Platina engraved on the frame. These instruments remain highly valued as collector's items and are as accurate today as when they were constructed. As the developments in dividing engines progressed, the sextant was more accurate and could be made smaller. In order to permit easy reading of the vernier, a small magnifying lens was added. In addition, to reduce glare on the frame, some had a diffuser surrounding the magnifier to soften the light. As accuracy increased, the circular arc vernier was replaced with a drum vernier. Frame designs were modified over time to create a frame that would not be adversely affected by temperature changes. These frame patterns became standardized and one can see the same general shape in many instruments from many different manufacturers. In order to control costs, modern sextants are now available in precision-made plastic. These are light, affordable and of high quality. Types of sextants While most people think of navigation when they hear the term sextant, the instrument has been used in other professions. Navigator's sextantThe common type of instrument most people think of when they hear the term sextant. Sounding sextantsThese are sextants that were constructed for use horizontally rather than vertically and were developed for use in hydrographic surveys. Surveyor's sextantsThese were constructed for use exclusively on land for horizontal angular measurements. Instead of a handle on the frame, they had a socket to allow the attachment of a surveyor's Jacob's staff. Box or pocket sextantsThese are small sextants entirely contained within a metal case. First developed by Edward Troughton, they are usually all brass with most of the mechanical components inside the case. The telescope extends from an opening in the side. The index and other parts are completely covered when the case cover is slipped on. Popular with surveyors for their small size (typically only in diameter and deep), their accuracy was enabled by improvements in the dividing engines used to graduate the arcs. The arcs are so small that magnifiers are attached to allow them to be read. In addition to these types, there are terms used for various sextants. A pillar sextant can be either: A double-frame sextant as patented by Edward Troughton in 1788. A surveyor's sextant with a socket for a surveyor's staff (the pillar). The former is the most common use of the term. Beyond the sextant Quintant and others Several makers offered instruments with sizes other than one-eighth or one-sixth of a circle. One of the most common was the quintant or fifth of a circle (72° arc reading to 144°). Other sizes were also available, but the odd sizes never became common. Many instruments are found with scales reading to, for example, 135°, but they are simply referred to as sextants. Similarly, there are 100° octants, but these are not separated as unique types of instruments. There was interest in much larger instruments for special purposes. In particular a number of full circle instruments were made, categorized as reflecting circles and repeating circles. Reflecting circles The reflecting circle was invented by the German geometer and astronomer Tobias Mayer in 1752, with details published in 1767. His development preceded the sextant and was motivated by the need to create a superior surveying instrument. The reflecting circle is a complete circular instrument graduated to 720° (to measure distances between heavenly bodies, there is no need to read an angle greater than 180°, since the minimum distance will always be less than 180°). Mayer presented a detailed description of this instrument to the Board of Longitude and John Bird used the information to construct one sixteen inches in diameter for evaluation by the Royal Navy. This instrument was one of those used by Admiral John Campbell during his evaluation of the lunar distance method. It differed in that it was graduated to 360° and was so heavy that it was fitted with a support that attached to a belt. It was not considered better than the Hadley octant and was less convenient to use. As a result, Campbell recommended the construction of the sextant. Jean-Charles de Borda further developed the reflecting circle. He modified the position of the telescopic sight in such a way that the mirror could be used to receive an image from either side relative to the telescope. This eliminated the need to ascertain that the mirrors were precisely parallel when reading zero. This simplified the use of the instrument. Further refinements were performed with the help of Etienne Lenoir. The two of them refined the instrument to its definitive form in 1777. This instrument was so distinctive it was given the name Borda circle or repeating circle. Borda and Lenoir developed the instrument for geodetic surveying. Since it was not used for the celestial measures, it did not use double reflection and substituted two telescope sights. As such, it was not a reflecting instrument. It was notable as being the equal of the great theodolite created by the renowned instrument maker, Jesse Ramsden. Josef de Mendoza y Ríos redesigned Borda's reflecting circle (London, 1801). The goal was to use it together with his Lunar Tables published by the Royal Society (London, 1805). He made a design with two concentric circles and a vernier scale and recommended averaging three sequential readings to reduce the error. Borda's system was not based on a circle of 360° but 400 grads (Borda spent years calculating his tables with a circle divided in 400°). Mendoza's lunar tables have been used through almost the entire nineteenth century (see Lunar distance (navigation)). Edward Troughton also modified the reflecting circle. He created a design with three index arms and verniers. This permitted three simultaneous readings to average out the error. As a navigation instrument, the reflecting circle was more popular with the French navy than with the British. Bris sextant The Bris sextant is not a true sextant, but it is a true reflecting instrument based on the principle of double reflection and subject to the same rules and errors as common octants and sextants. Unlike common octants and sextants, the Bris sextant is a fixed angle instrument capable of accurately measuring a few specific angles unlike other reflecting instruments which can measure any angle within the range of the instrument. It is particularly suited to determining the altitude of the sun or moon. Surveying sector Francis Ronalds invented an instrument for recording angles in 1829 by modifying the octant. A disadvantage of reflecting instruments in surveying applications is that optics dictate that the mirror and index arm rotate through half the angular separation of the two objects. The angle thus needs to be read, noted and a protractor employed to draw the angle on a plan. Ronalds’ idea was to configure the index arm to rotate through twice the angle of the mirror, so that the arm could then be used to draw a line at the correct angle directly onto the drawing. He used a sector as the basis of his instrument and placed the horizon glass at one tip and the index mirror near the hinge connecting the two rulers. The two revolving elements were linked mechanically and the barrel supporting the mirror was twice the diameter of the hinge to give the required angular ratio. References External links National Maritime Museum Portrait of a merchant navy captain holding a Caleb Smith Octant. Astronomical instruments Celestial navigation Angle measuring instruments Navigational equipment
RepoForge (formerly RPMforge) is a repository of software packages for Red Hat Enterprise Linux and derivatives such as CentOS and Scientific Linux. It provides many packages in the rpm package format to these distributions. RepoForge also has many RPM packages available for old distributions like Red Hat 6 and earlier, after they are no longer supported by their vendors. Their repository can be accessed via package management products like apt-get and yum; up2date does not work any more due to expired SSL keys. RepoForge is "dead" since July 2016 in the sense that no development occurs (this process started long before that with the introduction of the EPEL (Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux) repositories), but it is still accessible on the Web. Large parts have also been archived elsewhere. Nowadays system is outdated and new updates were uploaded for a long time External links RepoForge Homepage CentOS Wiki Linux package management-related software
Joshua J. Bloch (born August 28, 1961) is an American software engineer and a technology author, formerly employed at Sun Microsystems and Google. He led the design and implementation of numerous Java platform features, including the Java Collections Framework, the package, and the mechanism. He is the author of the programming guide Effective Java (2001), which won the 2001 Jolt Award, and is a co-author of two other Java books, Java Puzzlers (2005) and Java Concurrency In Practice (2006). Bloch holds a B.S. in computer science from Columbia University's School of Engineering and Applied Science and a Ph.D. in computer science from Carnegie Mellon University. His 1990 thesis was titled A Practical Approach to Replication of Abstract Data Objects and was nominated for the ACM Distinguished Doctoral Dissertation Award. Bloch has worked as a Senior Systems Designer at Transarc, and later as a Distinguished Engineer at Sun Microsystems. In June 2004, he left Sun and became Chief Java Architect at Google. On August 3, 2012, Bloch announced that he would be leaving Google. In December 2004, Java Developer's Journal included Bloch in its list of the "Top 40 Software People in the World". Bloch has proposed the extension of the Java programming language with two features: Concise Instance Creation Expressions (CICE) (coproposed with Bob Lee and Doug Lea) and Automatic Resource Management (ARM) blocks. The combination of CICE and ARM formed one of the three early proposals for adding support for closures to Java. ARM blocks were added to the language in JDK7. Bloch is currently an affiliated faculty member of the Software and Societal Systems Department at Carnegie Mellon University, where he holds the title "Adjunct Professor of the Practice". Bibliography Effective Java: Programming Language Guide, , 2001; second edition: , 2008; third edition: , 2017 Java Puzzlers: Traps, Pitfalls, and Corner Cases, , 2005 (co-authored with Neal Gafter) Java Concurrency in Practice, , 2006 (co-authored with Brian Goetz, Tim Peierls, Joseph Bowbeer, David Holmes, and Doug Lea) References External links Janice J. Heiss, More Effective Java With Google's Joshua Bloch October, 2008 Josh Bloch, How to design a good API and why it matters, Google Tech Talk, 2007 1961 births Living people Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni Columbia University alumni Carnegie Mellon University alumni American computer programmers American software engineers Sun Microsystems people American technology writers
Jasmin may refer to jasmine. It may also refer to: Plants Gardenia jasminoides, also called gardenia Jasminocereus, a genus of cacti Jasminum officinale, the flowering plant commonly called jasmine Solanum laxum, syn. Solanum jasminoides People Jasmin (given name), a given name derived from Jasmine, the flower Jasmin (singer) (born 1977), Russian pop singer, actress, model, and TV presenter Jasmin, French name for Jacques Jasmin (1798–1864), French poet Jasminka Domaš (born 1948), Croatian writer, journalist and scientist Victoire Jasmin (born 1955), French politician Other uses Jasmin (Paris Métro), a train station on Line 9 of the Paris Metro Jasmin, Saskatchewan, a hamlet in Saskatchewan, Canada Jasmin (programming language), a programming language for developing high-assurance and high-speed cryptography software. JASMIN, a super-data-cluster operated by the Centre for Environmental Data Analysis in the United Kingdom See also Jasmine (disambiguation) Yasmin (disambiguation)
Dealer Business System (DBS) is a supply-chain management / dealership management system application developed with Accenture on AS/400 minicomputers in the 1990s. Caterpillar dealers have been using this application to manage their internal problems as well as external connections to CAT. The main modules include: Order processing Parts inventory Service Rental Equipment management system Versions Accentures role In June 2002, Caterpillar and Accenture announced a 10-year agreement to build and provide support for DBS In May 2009, dealers approved the transition of DBS support to the Accenture Dealer Management Services group. High 5 software's role In May 2012, High 5 Software announces support to replace the DBSi system after feedback that many of the other software vendor systems are faltering. Ending of CAT support In April 2008, Caterpillar announced a change in vision. In developing the new DBSi system strategy, multiple areas were considered such as: A thorough review of dealer needs five to seven years into the future An assessment of the long-term financial viability of continuing DBSi development for 80–100 dealers A review of 3rd party dealer management systems offered in the marketplace Recent dealer evaluations and decisions to leave DBS/DBSi With this accomplished, consensus from all parties involved resulted in the completion of a new DBSi system strategy. Together, it was concluded that systems from outside providers such as Microsoft, Infor and SAP could meet Caterpillar dealers needs and that continued investments in DBSi to compete with these systems is no longer a viable option for either Caterpillar or the dealers. Since this time Accenture has taken over development of DBS / DBSi. This application runs on AS/400 minicomputers locally in dealers' data centers, and connect to CAT systems to place orders. References Supply chain management Caterpillar Inc. 1990s software Mainframe computer software Proprietary software Business software Custom software projects AS/400
A total solar eclipse took place on December 4, 2002, with a magnitude of 1.0244. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. A total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is larger than the Sun's, blocking all direct sunlight, turning day into darkness. Totality occurs in a narrow path across Earth's surface, with the partial solar eclipse visible over a surrounding region thousands of kilometres wide. It was visible from a narrow corridor in southern Africa, the Indian Ocean and southern Australia. A partial eclipse was seen from the much broader path of the Moon's penumbra, including most of Africa and Australia. During the sunset after the eclipse many observers in Australia saw numerous and unusual forms of a green flash. In some parts of Angola, it was the second total eclipse of the Sun within 18 months, following the Solar eclipse of June 21, 2001. Images Gallery Related eclipses Eclipses of 2002 A penumbral lunar eclipse on May 26. An annular solar eclipse on June 10. A penumbral lunar eclipse on June 24. A penumbral lunar eclipse on November 20. A total solar eclipse on December 4. Tzolkinex Preceded: Solar eclipse of October 24, 1995 Followed: Solar eclipse of January 15, 2010 Half-Saros Preceded: Lunar eclipse of November 29, 1993 Followed: Lunar eclipse of December 10, 2011 Tritos Preceded: Solar eclipse of January 4, 1992 Followed: Solar eclipse of November 3, 2013 Solar Saros 142 Preceded: Solar eclipse of November 22, 1984 Followed: Solar eclipse of December 14, 2020 Inex Preceded: Solar eclipse of December 24, 1973 Followed: Solar eclipse of November 14, 2031 Solar eclipses 2000–2003 Saros 142 Tritos series Metonic series Notes References Fred Espenak and Jay Anderson. "Total Solar Eclipse of 2002 December 4". NASA, November 2004. Google Map Photos: Spaceweather.com: Dec. 4, 2002, Solar Eclipse Gallery and Prof. Druckmüller's eclipse photography site. Australia Prof. Druckmüller's eclipse photography site. South Africa and Mozambique KryssTal - Eclipse from Botswana. Images from Australia by Crayford Manor House Astronomical Society Total Solar Eclipse of 4 December 2002 seen in EUMETSAT satellite imagery . Zimbabwe Solar Eclipse, APOD 12/6/2002, Corona from Zimbabwe-South Africa border The Crown of the Sun, APOD 12/13/2002, Corona of total eclipse from Musina, South Africa Shadow Cone of a Total Solar Eclipse, APOD 1/6/2003, totality from South Australia 2002 12 04 2002 in science 2002 12 04 December 2002 events 2002 in Angola 2002 in Zambia 2002 in Zimbabwe 2002 in Botswana 2002 in Mozambique 2002 in South Africa December 2002 events in Australia
PMCD (PreMaster CD) is a specially formatted, recordable Compact Disc designed to be sent to a CD pressing plant for replication. The PreMaster CD format, developed in the early 1990s by the CD-ROM division of Sony, in cooperation with "START Lab Inc." of Tokyo and Sonic Solutions, contained a hidden “PreMaster Cue Sheet” that held the metadata needed for replication that a Red Book CD-DA lacks. The PreMaster CD format made use of the fact that not all data-recording surfaces are specified for use in the Red Book CD-DA or Yellow Book CD-ROM standards. CD transports were not able to recover the data hidden in the Cue Sheet unless commanded to by proprietary software. The Cue Sheet specified a broad range of metadata, including number of channels, per track pre-emphasis status, per track copy protection bit setting, per track ISRC Codes, per disc UPC/EAN, etc. Despite claims to the contrary, only Sonic Solutions’ “Sonic System” software was able to generate PreMaster CDs. PMCDs were subsequently obsoleted by the more modern and generalized DDP specification. Several factors led to the decline of the PreMaster CD standard. First, the CD-R mechanisms that were able to read and write the hidden cue sheet metadata went out of production in the late 1990s. Second, only Laser Beam Recorders or LBRs manufactured by Sony were able to read PMCDs, which limited the formats adoption by replicators. Many CD replicators now accept regular CD-R discs in place of true PMCDs, which can be created using specialized Audio CD pre-mastering software. Unfortunately, CD-Rs formatted as “Audio CDs,” which really are Red Book-formatted Orange Book discs, are not designed for disc replication, only content distribution. The CIRC error correction used for the audio data on these discs is not as extensive as what is used for CD-ROM or DVD formats so, corruption of the audio data during readout due to dirt or mechanical damage could result in total loss of the audio data. Modern, professional pre-mastering software relies on the DDP format, which protects both the audio data and its associated metadata. External links "PreMaster CD" and "soundBlade", software from Sonic Studio, are the direct descendants of the original Sonic System from Sonic Solutions. A 1992 technical memorandum provides details concerning the PreMaster Cue Sheet. Sound technology Compact disc
QuickBBS (QBBS) was a bulletin board system (BBS) application first introduced for MS-DOS by Adam Hudson. Features Messaging Multi-User Login Doors Games File Transfer Multi-user interaction Low Memory Overhead Written in Borland Turbo Pascal Other BBS Software Programs RBBS-PC FidoBBS / FidoNET References External links Install Disks Download QuickBBS Utilities at The BBS Archive Bulletin board system software DOS software
Nusym Technology, Inc. was a company that produced intelligent verification software products, also known as intelligent testbench products, which are a form of functional verification that targets and maximizes test coverage of a logic design by automatically adapting the verification testbenches to changes in register transfer level code. History The company was founded in 2004 by Chris Wilson, Ken Imboden and Dave Gold. The company had offices in California and Bangalore. It was acquired by Synopsys on June 28, 2010. References Electronic design automation companies Companies based in Silicon Valley Software companies established in 2004
Empire Interactive was a British video game developer and publisher based in London. Founded in 1987 by Ian Higgins and Simon Jeffrey, it was acquired by Silverstar Holdings in 2006 and went out of business in 2009. History Empire Interactive was established by Ian Higgins (chief executive officer) and Simon Jeffrey (managing director) in 1987. In November 2000, the company acquired development studio Razorworks. As well as full priced titles, Empire also had a budget range of titles, Xplosiv, for PC and PS2. Initially launched for PC in January 2000, Xplosiv published titles in Europe from third parties such as Sega and Microsoft. Later, in 2003 Empire launched titles for PS2. In March 2002 Empire acquired music creation software eJay. Silverstar Holdings, a U.S. public company listed on NASDAQ, offered to acquired Empire Interactive in late October 2006. The deal was accepted by 90% of Empire Interactive's shareholders by late November, and so Silverstar Holdings acquired 85% of Empire Interactive's shares. The deal was valued at approximately . Admissions of further Empire Interactive shares on the Alternative Investments Market of the London Stock Exchange, were expected to be cancelled, effective on 20 December. Higgins stepped down from his position in May 2008. In July, Empire Interactive reduced its staff count by 30%, with the intent to sell Razorworks. Razorworks was sold to and absorbed by Rebellion Developments a few days later. After Silverstar Holdings was delisted from NASDAQ in March 2009, Empire Interactive was placed into administration on 1 May 2009, with KPMG Restructuring appointed as administrator. Subsequently, 49 out of 55 employees were laid off, with the remaining six staying to aiding KPMG Restructuring in the winding-down of the company. Empire Interactive's intellectual property was sold to U.S.-based company New World IP. Shortly thereafter, U.S. publisher Zoo Publishing acquired an exclusive licence for the publishing and distribution of Empire Interactive from New World IP. Games References Companies that have entered administration in the United Kingdom Video game companies established in 1987 Video game companies disestablished in 2009 Defunct video game companies of the United Kingdom Video game development companies Video game publishers Defunct companies based in London
In machine learning, lazy learning is a learning method in which generalization of the training data is, in theory, delayed until a query is made to the system, as opposed to eager learning, where the system tries to generalize the training data before receiving queries. The primary motivation for employing lazy learning, as in the K-nearest neighbors algorithm, used by online recommendation systems ("people who viewed/purchased/listened to this movie/item/tune also ...") is that the data set is continuously updated with new entries (e.g., new items for sale at Amazon, new movies to view at Netflix, new clips at YouTube, new music at Spotify or Pandora). Because of the continuous update, the "training data" would be rendered obsolete in a relatively short time especially in areas like books and movies, where new best-sellers or hit movies/music are published/released continuously. Therefore, one cannot really talk of a "training phase". Lazy classifiers are most useful for large, continuously changing datasets with few attributes that are commonly queried. Specifically, even if a large set of attributes exist - for example, books have a year of publication, author/s, publisher, title, edition, ISBN, selling price, etc. - recommendation queries rely on far fewer attributes - e.g., purchase or viewing co-occurrence data, and user ratings of items purchased/viewed. Advantages The main advantage gained in employing a lazy learning method is that the target function will be approximated locally, such as in the k-nearest neighbor algorithm. Because the target function is approximated locally for each query to the system, lazy learning systems can simultaneously solve multiple problems and deal successfully with changes in the problem domain. At the same time they can reuse a lot of theoretical and applied results from linear regression modelling (notably PRESS statistic) and control. It is said that the advantage of this system is achieved if the predictions using a single training set are only developed for few objects. This can be demonstrated in the case of the k-NN technique, which is instance-based and function is only estimated locally. Disadvantages Theoretical disadvantages with lazy learning include: The large space requirement to store the entire training dataset. In practice, this is not an issue because of advances in hardware and the relatively small number of attributes (e.g., as co-occurrence frequency) that need to be stored. Particularly noisy training data increases the case base unnecessarily, because no abstraction is made during the training phase. In practice, as stated earlier, lazy learning is applied to situations where any learning performed in advance soon becomes obsolete because of changes in the data. Also, for the problems for which lazy learning is optimal, "noisy" data does not really occur - the purchaser of a book has either bought another book or hasn't. Lazy learning methods are usually slower to evaluate. In practice, for very large databases with high concurrency loads, the queries are not postponed until actual query time, but recomputed in advance on a periodic basis - e.g., nightly, in anticipation of future queries, and the answers stored. This way, the next time new queries are asked about existing entries in the database, the answers are merely looked up rapidly instead of having to be computed on the fly, which would almost certainly bring a high-concurrency multi-user system to its knees. Larger training data also entail increased cost. Particularly, there is the fixed amount of computational cost, where a processor can only process a limited amount of training data points. There are standard techniques to improve re-computation efficiency so that a particular answer is not recomputed unless the data that impact this answer has changed (e.g., new items, new purchases, new views). In other words, the stored answers are updated incrementally. This approach, used by large e-commerce or media sites, has long been used in the Entrez portal of the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) to precompute similarities between the different items in its large datasets: biological sequences, 3-D protein structures, published-article abstracts, etc. Because "find similar" queries are asked so frequently, the NCBI uses highly parallel hardware to perform nightly recomputation. The recomputation is performed only for new entries in the datasets against each other and against existing entries: the similarity between two existing entries need not be recomputed. Examples of Lazy Learning Methods K-nearest neighbors, which is a special case of instance-based learning. Local regression. Lazy naive Bayes rules, which are extensively used in commercial spam detection software. Here, the spammers keep getting smarter and revising their spamming strategies, and therefore the learning rules must also be continually updated. References lazy: Lazy Learning for Local Regression, R package with reference manual Webb G.I. (2011) Lazy Learning. In: Sammut C., Webb G.I. (eds) Encyclopedia of Machine Learning. Springer, Boston, MA Machine learning
Time Matters is practice management software, produced by PCLaw | Time Matters LLC. It differs from contact management software such as ACT! or GoldMine because in addition to contacts, it manages calendaring, email, documents, research, billing, accounting, and matters or projects. It integrates with a variety of other software products from both LexisNexis and other vendors. Some of these vendors are Quicken, Microsoft, Palm, Mozilla, Corel, and Adobe. Developed originally for law firms, Time Matters competes with Gavel, Amicus, Tabs, and other legal practice management products. It also may be used in conjunction with Document modelling and Document assembly software products like HotDocs and Deal Builder. Time Matters was developed by DATA.TXT Corporation originally of Coral Gables, Florida, later of Cary, North Carolina. Since its inception, DATA.TXT Corporation focused on making Time Matters an all-encompassing professional office software package, providing Calendar, Tickler, Contact, Matter, Document, and Messaging Management functions for personal computers and networks of all sizes. Founded in December 1989 by Robert Butler who was later joined as co-founder by Kevin Stilwell in 1992, the entire management and programming staff that began Time Matters' development in 1989 remained on the team until 2004, providing continuity and reliability rarely seen in software developed for specialized markets. Time Matters was purchased by Reed Elsevier in March, 2004. LexisNexis developed Time Matters out of offices in Cary, later moving operations to Raleigh, North Carolina on the North Carolina State University campus. Time Matters for Windows has been shipping since 1994 (The DOS version of Time Matters started shipping in 1989). Time Matters was previously available in three editions: Professional, Enterprise, and World. The Enterprise edition used Microsoft SQL Server as its database engine. Time Matters Browser Edition (formerly World Edition) served up Time Matters in web browsers for remote access to a law firm's data. An international network of Certified Independent Consultants ("CICs") support, train, and customize this product for end-users. Time Matters Professional, discontinued with the release of Time Matters 10.0 in 2009, was based on the TPS file system developed by Softvelocity. Currently, Time Matters relies on SQL Server for its database. With the release of Version 10 in October 2009, Time Matters became available only in the Enterprise Edition (but was sold as Time Matters). In May 2010, LexisNexis introduced an Annual Maintenance Plan (AMP) subscription program. AMP subscribers are eligible to download product upgrades and to receive technical support. In 2018, Time Matters introduced Time Matters Go, a mobile application for iOS and Android devices. AMP subscribers also receive free access to online training and are eligible to subscribe to the Time Matters Go mobile app service for Android and iOS. No per-incidence technical support options are available. Time Matters 16.4 released on January 30, 2019. This release provided improved integration with Microsoft Exchange Server, and improved add-ins for supported versions of Adobe Acrobat and Microsoft Office applications. In May 2019, LexisNexis entered a joint venture with LEAP Legal Software, providing a migration option from the server-based Time Matters to the cloud-based product offered by LEAP. At the time, LexisNexis reported that they had 15,000 paying customers and 130,000 users across their PCLaw and Time Matters products. A new software company, PCLaw | Time Matters was born out of the joint venture, which continues to develop Time Matters. See also LexisNexis References External links Time Matters website Business software Legal software Timekeeping
The introduction of Motorola Type II SmartZone introduced the IntelliRepeater. An IntelliRepeater, or IR, site is a bare-bones trunked site which has no database of users or talkgroups. It is simply sophisticated software running on a Quantar repeater. It is meant to be controlled by the Zone Controller and to be commanded as to who has permission and who does not. There are some very basic restrictions in the event Site Trunking (a site loses its link to the Zone Controller) does occur but for all intents and purposes once an IR site is in Site Trunking mode it's a free-for-all site. IR sites are generally used for a small geographic area or to fill in holes. For sites that are used to fill in coverage traffic is very limited. To allow as limited a number of channels for use, and to be spectrum efficient, Voice On Control (VOC) was developed to permit the control channel to temporarily act as a voice channel. This allows as little as one channel per site, but access must be severely restricted to the site or communication problems will occur. When all channels at a VOC enabled site are in use, or a single channel site gets a call request, there is specific data sent out over the control channel to notify all radios at the site that the control channel will be momentarily switching to voice channel mode. Once this happens radios resort to their programmed information which contains timing values that determine what to do once the timer runs out and there is still no control channel (Signal "Out of Range," switch sites, etc.) available. References Trunked radio systems
Oracle Agile PLM, formerly Agile Software Corporation, is a product lifecycle management (PLM) software owned by Oracle. Agile Software Corporation was a San Jose, California based company that provided product lifecycle management (PLM) software. After Oracle acquired the company in 2007, it became Oracle Agile PLM. The acquisition also allowed Oracle to expand and rewrite their Oracle Cloud PLM software within the Oracle Cloud SCM suite. In February, 2005, Agile Software Corporation acquired Cimmetry Systems Corporation, a privately owned software developer specializing in enterprise visualization, for approximately US$41.5 million in cash. Cimmetry Systems Corporation became a wholly owned subsidiary of Agile Software Corporation. Agile Software Corporation operated as a public company, with shares trading on NASDAQ. On 15 May 2007, Oracle Corporation announced that it would acquire Agile Software Corporation through a cash merger for US$8.10 per share, or approximately US$495 million. On July 16, 2007, Oracle Corporation completed the acquisition of Agile, which became a wholly owned subsidiary. See also List of acquisitions by Oracle External links Official website References Oracle acquisitions Product lifecycle management Defunct software companies of the United States
Aventurine SA is a Greek independent video game developer and publisher founded in 2003, located in Athens, Greece. They are the developers of Darkfall, a massively multiplayer online role-playing game, also known as Darkfall Online. History In July 2000 Claus Grovdal, Kjetil Helland and Ricki Sickenger founded Razorwax AS in Oslo, Norway for the purpose of making online games. Soon they were joined by Erik Sperling Johansen and Henning Ludvigsen and in August 2001, they announced the development of Darkfall. In 2002 the group relocated to join Zad El Mehdawi, Tasos Flambouras and Spiros Iordanis and found Aventurine SA in Athens, Greece, in order to continue developing Darkfall. Titles Darkfall Darkfall Online is sandbox MMORPG released on February 25, 2009 and was published in North America and Europe. Darkfall Online's servers shut down on November 15, 2012. Darkfall Unholy Wars Darkfall Unholy Wars is the sequel of Darkfall and was released on April 16, 2013 and discontinued in May, 2016. In June 2012 Aventurine signed a deal with MGame Corporation, a Korean game publisher and developer, to release the new version of Darkfall to the Asian market. Technology Aventurine's core technology consists of their real-time 3D engine. Research projects Aventurine participates in formal research initiatives in order to benefit from the collaborative research networks supported by European Union Frameworks. Some examples include: Aventurine received development grants for Darkfall Online by the Hellenic Ministry of Development related to law 3299/2004 (Private Investment for Economic Growth and Regional Convergence) The project "Development, Marketing and Distribution of the Subscription-Based Online Game Darkfall" was funded by the Information Society under Measure 4.3 "Advanced telecommunications services for the citizen", for the Action "Funding of Enterprises for Implementation of Advanced Broadband Services". The Hellenic Secretariat of Research and Technology funded Aventurine's research proposal for the design and development of next generation 3D engine technologies. Partner in a joint research proposal on Virtual Collaborative Environments with the University of Dublin, MIT's MediaLab Europe, Siemens, Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft, and SINTEF Telecom and Informatics, under the EU Sixth Framework Programme's e-Inclusion research initiative. Partner in a joint research proposal on the development, validation and promotion of a standard file format designed to support the efficient reuse of 3D data. Other partners include the Politecnico di Torino, Samtech Group, GiugaroSPA, CSA Spain, University of Dresden, Octaga, Living Solids, Instituto Technologico de Catilla y Leon. The research was part of the EU's Specific Targeted Research Projects. References External links Aventurine SA homepage Darkfall Unholy Wars Aventurine Mini Documentary Video game companies of Greece Video game development companies Video game publishers
Captiva may refer to: Captiva 240, an American sailboat design Captiva, Florida, an unincorporated community on Captiva Island, Florida, United States Captiva Island, an island in Florida, United States Captiva Records, an American record label Captiva Software, an American software company Chevrolet Captiva, a compact crossover SUV marketed by General Motors Holden Captiva, the Australian version of the first-generation Chevrolet Captiva Captiva (album), an album by Christian rock band Falling Up Captiva, an instant camera released by Polaroid during the mid-1990s
Lifeboat may refer to: Rescue vessels Lifeboat (shipboard), a small craft aboard a ship to allow for emergency escape Lifeboat (rescue), a boat designed for sea rescues Airborne lifeboat, an air-dropped boat used to save downed airmen Art and entertainment Lifeboat (1944 film), a movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock Lifeboat (2018 film), a documentary "Lifeboat" (Stargate SG-1), a television episode from the TV series Lifeboat sketch, a sketch shown on Monty Python's Flying Circus Lifeboat (album), a 2008 album by Jimmy Herring Lifeboat, a 1972 album by the Sutherland Brothers "Lifeboats", a song on Snow Patrol's 2008 album, A Hundred Million Suns "Lifeboat", a song from Heathers: The Musical Other uses Lifeboat, journal of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution Lifeboat ethics, proposed by Garret Hardin based on the metaphor of a lifeboat Lifeboat Associates, a software distributor and magazine publisher in the 1970s and 1980s Lifeboat Distribution, an international software distributor Lifeboat Foundation, an existential risk reduction organization
I-CubeX comprises a system of sensors, actuators and interfaces that are configured by a personal computer. Using MIDI, Bluetooth or the Universal Serial Bus (USB) as the basis for all communication, the complexity is managed behind a variety of software tools, including an end-user configuration editor, Max (software) plugins, and a C++ Application Programming Interface (API), which allows applications to be developed in Mac OS X, Linux and Windows operating systems. Usage is primarily focused on allowing exploration and construction of alternative physical computer interaction systems, but have most notably been adopted by music enthusiasts, as they greatly simplify musical instrument mods and creation of novel electronic musical instruments, MIDI controllers and audio control surfaces (such as presented at NIME), e.g. for electronic music generation, and visual artists, as they greatly simplify interactive installation art and electronic art (such as presented at Ars Electronica and SIGGRAPH). In both cases, it is extensively used for teaching. It allows the construction of complex interactive systems out of simpler components. I-CubeX is designed and produced by Infusion Systems. History I-CubeX arose out of a research project in 1995 directed by Axel Mulder at the Department of Kinesiology, Simon Fraser University to address the need for better tools for artists to create interactive art and for musicians to more easily create or modify musical instruments. It was inspired by projects such as STEIM's Sensorlab. While I-CubeX helped opening up access to technology for artists interested in sensor technology, it in itself inspired others to create new technology. The field evolved into physical computing and it was followed by the creation of a number of other generic platforms for applying sensor technology in the (performing) arts such as Arduino, as well as the development of very application specific sensors for human interfacing and human interface devices. While the focus of I-CubeX technology was initially on translating sensor signals to MIDI (Digitizer, microDig) for music enthusiasts, the transmission protocols now include Bluetooth Low Energy and WiFi (WiDig), Bluetooth Classic (Wi-microDig) and USB (WiDig, USB-microDig) so as to facilitate its use by all kinds of researchers and engineers, as well as MIDI. See also Electronic musical instruments MIDI controllers Audio control surface Sensors Multimodal interaction Human computer interaction Human interface device Assistive technology Brain-computer interface References External links About I-CubeX Computing input devices Electronic musical instruments Multimodal interaction Sensors Physical computing
The statistics of random permutations, such as the cycle structure of a random permutation are of fundamental importance in the analysis of algorithms, especially of sorting algorithms, which operate on random permutations. Suppose, for example, that we are using quickselect (a cousin of quicksort) to select a random element of a random permutation. Quickselect will perform a partial sort on the array, as it partitions the array according to the pivot. Hence a permutation will be less disordered after quickselect has been performed. The amount of disorder that remains may be analysed with generating functions. These generating functions depend in a fundamental way on the generating functions of random permutation statistics. Hence it is of vital importance to compute these generating functions. The article on random permutations contains an introduction to random permutations. The fundamental relation Permutations are sets of labelled cycles. Using the labelled case of the Flajolet–Sedgewick fundamental theorem and writing for the set of permutations and for the singleton set, we have Translating into exponential generating functions (EGFs), we have where we have used the fact that the EGF of the combinatorial species of permutations (there are n! permutations of n elements) is This one equation allows one to derive a large number of permutation statistics. Firstly, by dropping terms from , i.e. exp, we may constrain the number of cycles that a permutation contains, e.g. by restricting the EGF to we obtain permutations containing two cycles. Secondly, note that the EGF of labelled cycles, i.e. of , is because there are k! / k labelled cycles. This means that by dropping terms from this generating function, we may constrain the size of the cycles that occur in a permutation and obtain an EGF of the permutations containing only cycles of a given size. Instead of removing and selecting cycles, one can also put different weights on different size cycles. If is a weight function that depends only on the size k of the cycle and for brevity we write defining the value of b for a permutation to be the sum of its values on the cycles, then we may mark cycles of length k with ub(k) and obtain a two-variable generating function This is a "mixed" generating function: it is an exponential generating function in z and an ordinary generating function in the secondary parameter u. Differentiating and evaluating at u = 1, we have This is the probability generating function of the expectation of b. In other words, the coefficient of in this power series is the expected value of b on permutations in , given that each permutation is chosen with the same probability . This article uses the coefficient extraction operator [zn], documented on the page for formal power series. Number of permutations that are involutions An involution is a permutation σ so that σ2 = 1 under permutation composition. It follows that σ may only contain cycles of length one or two, i.e. the exponential generating function g(z) of these permutations is This gives the explicit formula for the total number of involutions among the permutations σ ∈ Sn: Dividing by n! yields the probability that a random permutation is an involution. These numbers are known as telephone numbers. Number of permutations that are mth roots of unity This generalizes the concept of an involution. An mth root of unity is a permutation σ so that σm = 1 under permutation composition. Now every time we apply σ we move one step in parallel along all of its cycles. A cycle of length d applied d times produces the identity permutation on d elements (d fixed points) and d is the smallest value to do so. Hence m must be a multiple of all cycle sizes d, i.e. the only possible cycles are those whose length d is a divisor of m. It follows that the EGF g(x) of these permutations is When m = p, where p is prime, this simplifies to Number of permutations of order exactly k This one can be done by Möbius inversion. Working with the same concept as in the previous entry we note that the combinatorial species of permutations whose order divides k is given by Translation to exponential generating functions we obtain the EGF of permutations whose order divides k, which is Now we can use this generating function to count permutations of order exactly k. Let be the number of permutations on n whose order is exactly d and the number of permutations on n the permutation count whose order divides k. Then we have It follows by Möbius inversion that Therefore, we have the EGF The desired count is then given by This formula produces e.g. for k = 6 the EGF with the sequence of values starting at n = 5 For k = 8 we get the EGF with the sequence of values starting at n = 8 Finally for k = 12 we get the EGF with the sequence of values starting at n = 7 Number of permutations that are derangements Suppose there are n people at a party, each of whom brought an umbrella. At the end of the party everyone picks an umbrella out of the stack of umbrellas and leaves. What is the probability that no one left with his/her own umbrella? This problem is equivalent to counting permutations with no fixed points (called derangements), and hence the EGF, where we subtract out fixed points (cycles of length 1) by removing the term z from the fundamental relation is Multiplication by sums the coefficients of , so , the total number of derangements, is given by: Hence there are about derangements and the probability that a random permutation is a derangement is This result may also be proved by inclusion–exclusion. Using the sets where to denote the set of permutations that fix p, we have This formula counts the number of permutations that have at least one fixed point. The cardinalities are as follows: Hence the number of permutations with no fixed point is or and we have the claim. There is a generalization of these numbers, which is known as rencontres numbers, i.e. the number of permutations of containing m fixed points. The corresponding EGF is obtained by marking cycles of size one with the variable u, i.e. choosing b(k) equal to one for and zero otherwise, which yields the generating function of the set of permutations by the number of fixed points: It follows that and hence This immediately implies that for n large, m fixed. Order of a random permutation If P is a permutation, the order of P is the smallest positive integer n for which is the identity permutation. This is the least common multiple of the lengths of the cycles of P. A theorem of Goh and Schmutz states that if is the expected order of a random permutation of size n, then where the constant c is Derangements containing an even and an odd number of cycles We can use the same construction as in the previous section to compute the number of derangements containing an even number of cycles and the number containing an odd number of cycles. To do this we need to mark all cycles and subtract fixed points, giving Now some very basic reasoning shows that the EGF of is given by We thus have which is Subtracting from , we find The difference of these two ( and ) is One hundred prisoners A prison warden wants to make room in his prison and is considering liberating one hundred prisoners, thereby freeing one hundred cells. He therefore assembles one hundred prisoners and asks them to play the following game: he lines up one hundred urns in a row, each containing the name of one prisoner, where every prisoner's name occurs exactly once. The game is played as follows: every prisoner is allowed to look inside fifty urns. If he or she does not find his or her name in one of the fifty urns, all prisoners will immediately be executed, otherwise the game continues. The prisoners have a few moments to decide on a strategy, knowing that once the game has begun, they will not be able to communicate with each other, mark the urns in any way or move the urns or the names inside them. Choosing urns at random, their chances of survival are almost zero, but there is a strategy giving them a 30% chance of survival, assuming that the names are assigned to urns randomly – what is it? First of all, the survival probability using random choices is so this is definitely not a practical strategy. The 30% survival strategy is to consider the contents of the urns to be a permutation of the prisoners, and traverse cycles. To keep the notation simple, assign a number to each prisoner, for example by sorting their names alphabetically. The urns may thereafter be considered to contain numbers rather than names. Now clearly the contents of the urns define a permutation. The first prisoner opens the first urn. If he finds his name, he has finished and survives. Otherwise he opens the urn with the number he found in the first urn. The process repeats: the prisoner opens an urn and survives if he finds his name, otherwise he opens the urn with the number just retrieved, up to a limit of fifty urns. The second prisoner starts with urn number two, the third with urn number three, and so on. This strategy is precisely equivalent to a traversal of the cycles of the permutation represented by the urns. Every prisoner starts with the urn bearing his number and keeps on traversing his cycle up to a limit of fifty urns. The number of the urn that contains his number is the pre-image of that number under the permutation. Hence the prisoners survive if all cycles of the permutation contain at most fifty elements. We have to show that this probability is at least 30%. Note that this assumes that the warden chooses the permutation randomly; if the warden anticipates this strategy, he can simply choose a permutation with a cycle of length 51. To overcome this, the prisoners may agree in advance on a random permutation of their names. We consider the general case of prisoners and urns being opened. We first calculate the complementary probability, i.e. that there is a cycle of more than elements. With this in mind, we introduce or so that the desired probability is because the cycle of more than elements will necessarily be unique. Using the fact that , we find that which yields Finally, using an integral estimate such as Euler–Maclaurin summation, or the asymptotic expansion of the nth harmonic number, we obtain so that or at least 30%, as claimed. A related result is that asymptotically, the expected length of the longest cycle is λn, where λ is the Golomb–Dickman constant, approximately 0.62. This example is due to Anna Gál and Peter Bro Miltersen; consult the paper by Peter Winkler for more information, and see the discussion on Les-Mathematiques.net. Consult the references on 100 prisoners for links to these references. The above computation may be performed in a more simple and direct way, as follows: first note that a permutation of elements contains at most one cycle of length strictly greater than . Thus, if we denote then For , the number of permutations that contain a cycle of length exactly is Explanation: is the number of ways of choosing the elements that comprise the cycle; is the number of ways of arranging items in a cycle; and is the number of ways to permute the remaining elements. There is no double counting here because there is at most one cycle of length when . Thus, We conclude that A variation on the 100 prisoners problem (keys and boxes) There is a closely related problem that fits the method presented here quite nicely. Say you have n ordered boxes. Every box contains a key to some other box or possibly itself giving a permutation of the keys. You are allowed to select k of these n boxes all at once and break them open simultaneously, gaining access to k keys. What is the probability that using these keys you can open all n boxes, where you use a found key to open the box it belongs to and repeat. The mathematical statement of this problem is as follows: pick a random permutation on n elements and k values from the range 1 to n, also at random, call these marks. What is the probability that there is at least one mark on every cycle of the permutation? The claim is this probability is k/n. The species of permutations by cycles with some non-empty subset of every cycle being marked has the specification The index in the inner sum starts at one because we must have at least one mark on every cycle. Translating the specification to generating functions we obtain the bivariate generating function This simplifies to or In order to extract coefficients from this re-write like so It now follows that and hence Divide by to obtain We do not need to divide by n! because is exponential in z. Number of permutations containing m cycles Applying the Flajolet–Sedgewick fundamental theorem, i.e. the labelled enumeration theorem with , to the set we obtain the generating function The term yields the signed Stirling numbers of the first kind, and is the EGF of the unsigned Stirling numbers of the first kind, i.e. We can compute the OGF of the signed Stirling numbers for n fixed, i.e. Start with which yields Summing this, we obtain Using the formula involving the logarithm for on the left, the definition of on the right, and the binomial theorem, we obtain Comparing the coefficients of , and using the definition of the binomial coefficient, we finally have a falling factorial. The computation of the OGF of the unsigned Stirling numbers of the first kind works in a similar way. Expected number of cycles of a given size m In this problem we use a bivariate generating function g(z, u) as described in the introduction. The value of b for a cycle not of size m is zero, and one for a cycle of size m. We have or This means that the expected number of cycles of size m in a permutation of length n less than m is zero (obviously). A random permutation of length at least m contains on average 1/m cycles of length m. In particular, a random permutation contains about one fixed point. The OGF of the expected number of cycles of length less than or equal to m is therefore where Hm is the mth harmonic number. Hence the expected number of cycles of length at most m in a random permutation is about ln m. Moments of fixed points The mixed GF of the set of permutations by the number of fixed points is Let the random variable X be the number of fixed points of a random permutation. Using Stirling numbers of the second kind, we have the following formula for the mth moment of X: where is a falling factorial. Using , we have which is zero when , and one otherwise. Hence only terms with contribute to the sum. This yields Expected number of fixed points in random permutation raised to some power k Suppose you pick a random permutation and raise it to some power , with a positive integer and ask about the expected number of fixed points in the result. Denote this value by . For every divisor of a cycle of length splits into fixed points when raised to the power Hence we need to mark these cycles with To illustrate this consider We get which is Once more continuing as described in the introduction, we find which is The conclusion is that for and there are four fixed points on average. The general procedure is Once more continuing as before, we find We have shown that the value of is equal to (the number of divisors of ) as soon as It starts out at for and increases by one every time hits a divisor of up to and including itself. Expected number of cycles of any length of a random permutation We construct the bivariate generating function using , where is one for all cycles (every cycle contributes one to the total number of cycles). Note that has the closed form and generates the unsigned Stirling numbers of the first kind. We have Hence the expected number of cycles is the harmonic number , or about . Number of permutations with a cycle of length larger than n/2 (Note that Section One hundred prisoners contains exactly the same problem with a very similar calculation, plus also a simpler elementary proof.) Once more, start with the exponential generating function , this time of the class of permutations according to size where cycles of length more than are marked with the variable : There can only be one cycle of length more than , hence the answer to the question is given by or which is The exponent of in the term being raised to the power is larger than and hence no value for can possibly contribute to It follows that the answer is The sum has an alternate representation that one encounters e.g. in the OEIS . finally giving Expected number of transpositions of a random permutation We can use the disjoint cycle decomposition of a permutation to factorize it as a product of transpositions by replacing a cycle of length k by k − 1 transpositions. E.g. the cycle factors as . The function for cycles is equal to and we obtain and Hence the expected number of transpositions is where is the Harmonic number. We could also have obtained this formula by noting that the number of transpositions is obtained by adding the lengths of all cycles (which gives n) and subtracting one for every cycle (which gives by the previous section). Note that again generates the unsigned Stirling numbers of the first kind, but in reverse order. More precisely, we have To see this, note that the above is equivalent to and that which we saw to be the EGF of the unsigned Stirling numbers of the first kind in the section on permutations consisting of precisely m cycles. Expected cycle size of a random element We select a random element q of a random permutation and ask about the expected size of the cycle that contains q. Here the function is equal to , because a cycle of length k contributes k elements that are on cycles of length k. Note that unlike the previous computations, we need to average out this parameter after we extract it from the generating function (divide by n). We have Hence the expected length of the cycle that contains q is Probability that a random element lies on a cycle of size m This average parameter represents the probability that if we again select a random element of of a random permutation, the element lies on a cycle of size m. The function is equal to for and zero otherwise, because only cycles of length m contribute, namely m elements that lie on a cycle of length m. We have It follows that the probability that a random element lies on a cycle of length m is Probability that a random subset of [n] lies on the same cycle Select a random subset Q of [n] containing m elements and a random permutation, and ask about the probability that all elements of Q lie on the same cycle. This is another average parameter. The function b(k) is equal to , because a cycle of length k contributes subsets of size m, where for . This yields Averaging out we obtain that the probability of the elements of Q being on the same cycle is or In particular, the probability that two elements are on the same cycle is 1/2. Number of permutations containing an even number of even cycles We may use the Flajolet–Sedgewick fundamental theorem directly and compute more advanced permutation statistics. (Check that page for an explanation of how the operators we will use are computed.) For example, the set of permutations containing an even number of even cycles is given by Translating to exponential generating functions (EGFs), we obtain or This simplifies to or This says that there is one permutation of size zero containing an even number of even cycles (the empty permutation, which contains zero cycles of even length), one such permutation of size one (the fixed point, which also contains zero cycles of even length), and that for , there are such permutations. Permutations that are squares Consider what happens when we square a permutation. Fixed points are mapped to fixed points. Odd cycles are mapped to odd cycles in a one-to-one correspondence, e.g. turns into . Even cycles split in two and produce a pair of cycles of half the size of the original cycle, e.g. turns into . Hence permutations that are squares may contain any number of odd cycles, and an even number of cycles of size two, an even number of cycles of size four etc., and are given by which yields the EGF Odd cycle invariants The types of permutations presented in the preceding two sections, i.e. permutations containing an even number of even cycles and permutations that are squares, are examples of so-called odd cycle invariants, studied by Sung and Zhang (see external links). The term odd cycle invariant simply means that membership in the respective combinatorial class is independent of the size and number of odd cycles occurring in the permutation. In fact we can prove that all odd cycle invariants obey a simple recurrence, which we will derive. First, here are some more examples of odd cycle invariants. Permutations where the sum of the lengths of the even cycles is six This class has the specification and the generating function The first few values are Permutations where all even cycles have the same length This class has the specification and the generating function There is a semantic nuance here. We could consider permutations containing no even cycles as belonging to this class, since zero is even. The first few values are Permutations where the maximum length of an even cycle is four This class has the specification and the generating function The first few values are The recurrence Observe carefully how the specifications of the even cycle component are constructed. It is best to think of them in terms of parse trees. These trees have three levels. The nodes at the lowest level represent sums of products of even-length cycles of the singleton . The nodes at the middle level represent restrictions of the set operator. Finally the node at the top level sums products of contributions from the middle level. Note that restrictions of the set operator, when applied to a generating function that is even, will preserve this feature, i.e. produce another even generating function. But all the inputs to the set operators are even since they arise from even-length cycles. The result is that all generating functions involved have the form where is an even function. This means that is even, too, and hence Letting and extracting coefficients, we find that which yields the recurrence A problem from the 2005 Putnam competition A link to the Putnam competition website appears in the section External links. The problem asks for a proof that where the sum is over all permutations of , is the sign of , i.e. if is even and if is odd, and is the number of fixed points of . Now the sign of is given by where the product is over all cycles c of , as explained e.g. on the page on even and odd permutations. Hence we consider the combinatorial class where marks one minus the length of a contributing cycle, and marks fixed points. Translating to generating functions, we obtain or Now we have and hence the desired quantity is given by Doing the computation, we obtain or Extracting coefficients, we find that the coefficient of is zero. The constant is one, which does not agree with the formula (should be zero). For positive, however, we obtain or which is the desired result. As an interesting aside, we observe that may be used to evaluate the following determinant of an matrix: where . Recall the formula for the determinant: Now the value of the product on the right for a permutation is , where f is the number of fixed points of . Hence which yields and finally The difference between the number of cycles in even and odd permutations Here we seek to show that this difference is given by Recall that the sign of a permutation is given by where the product ranges over the cycles c from the disjoint cycle composition of . It follows that the combinatorial species that reflects the signs and the cycle count of the set of permutations is given by where we have used to mark signs and for the cycle count. Translating to generating functions we have This simplifies to which is Now the two generating functions and of even and odd permutations by cycle count are given by and We require the quantity which is Finally, extracting coefficients from this generating function, we obtain which is which is in turn This concludes the proof. Generalizations Similar statistics are available for random endomorphisms on a finite set. See also Golomb–Dickman constant References External links Marko Riedel et al., The difference of number of cycles of even and odd permutations Marko Riedel et al., Keys inside closed boxes, a question on probability 100 prisoners Various authors, Permutations with a cycle > n/2 Various authors, A property of derangements Various authors, Expected number of fixed points Peter Winkler, Seven puzzles you think you must not have heard correctly Various authors, Les-Mathematiques.net. Cent prisonniers Combinatorics
Chordiant, formerly known as Chordiant Software and J. Frank Consulting, was an American software company which offered enterprise software to help other companies improve customer experience. Now owned by Pegasystems, they were headquartered in Cupertino, California. Chordiant provided Business Process Management (BPM), Customer relationship management (CRM), and Enterprise Decision Management (EDM) software, which enables building applications that enhances customer interaction. Applications built using the company's framework were widely used by large organisations in the United States and Europe. History Chordiant originally began under the name J. Frank Consulting, a consulting company. In 1997, they transformed into a software company and re-branded as Chordiant Software. In February 2000, they went public and traded under NASDAQ. The company's stock hit an initial high point of $53 shortly after going public, but soon crashed to single digits months later as the software industry in general suffered a significant decline. Initially, Chordiant's software was developed on Forte 4GL platform. After seeing the promise of the emerging Java EE technologies, the company moved their software to a Java-based platform and became one of the first packaged enterprise software vendors to ship a completely Java EE-based product suite. On March 15, 2010, Pegasystems, a competing company, announced it had acquired Chordiant for a price of approximately $161.5 million. References External links Official website Software companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area Defunct companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area Companies based in Cupertino, California Software companies established in 1997 Software companies disestablished in 2010 Customer relationship management software companies Defunct software companies of the United States 2010 mergers and acquisitions
Live Partition Mobility is a chargeable Live migration feature of IBM POWER6, POWER7, POWER8 and POWER9 servers, available since 2007, that allows a running LPAR to be relocated from one system to another. In concept, it is similar to VMware VMotion. Live Partition Mobility, a component of the PowerVM Enterprise Edition hardware feature, provides the ability to move AIX, IBM i, and Linux logical partitions from one system to another. The mobility process transfers the system environment that includes the processor state, memory, attached virtual devices, and connected users. The source and target systems must have access to the same network and SANs but need not be of the same type, the only requirement is they use POWER6, POWER7, or POWER8 processors. Partitions that are to be relocated must be fully virtualized (i.e. have no dedicated I/O adapters) although it is possible to use multi-pathing software to fail over to virtual adapters for the duration of the move. Any sized partition can be moved; essentially, memory is copied asynchronously from one system to another to create a clone of a running partition, with "dirty" pages being re-copied as necessary. When a threshold is reached (i.e. when a high percentage of the pages have been successfully copied across), the partition is transitioned to the target machine and any remaining pages are copied across synchronously. The agents which carry out the memory copying are nominated Virtual I/O Servers on each machine; a standard Ethernet network is used for data transmission. Live Partition Mobility is used to avoid outages for planned server maintenance, for load balancing across multiple servers and for energy conservation. Recommended reading IBM POWER6 partition mobility: Moving virtual servers seamlessly between physical systems, IBM, Nov 2007 PowerVM Live Partition Mobility on IBM System p, IBM, Nov 2007 (IBM link is dead. Article tagged as obsolete) IBM Live Partition Mobility References Power microprocessors Virtualization software
Java is a set of computer software and specifications that provides a software platform for developing application software and deploying it in a cross-platform computing environment. Java is used in a wide variety of computing platforms from embedded devices and mobile phones to enterprise servers and supercomputers. Java applets, which are less common than standalone Java applications, were commonly run in secure, sandboxed environments to provide many features of native applications through being embedded in HTML pages. Writing in the Java programming language is the primary way to produce code that will be deployed as byte code in a Java virtual machine (JVM); byte code compilers are also available for other languages, including Ada, JavaScript, Python, and Ruby. In addition, several languages have been designed to run natively on the JVM, including Clojure, Groovy, and Scala. Java syntax borrows heavily from C and C++, but object-oriented features are modeled after Smalltalk and Objective-C. Java eschews certain low-level constructs such as pointers and has a very simple memory model where objects are allocated on the heap (while some implementations e.g. all currently supported by Oracle, may use escape analysis optimization to allocate on the stack instead) and all variables of object types are references. Memory management is handled through integrated automatic garbage collection performed by the JVM. Latest version The latest version is Java 21, a long-term support (LTS) version released in September 2023, while Java 17 released in September 2021 is also supported, one of a few older LTS releases down to Java 8 LTS. As an open source platform, Java has many distributors, including Amazon, IBM, Azul Systems, and AdoptOpenJDK. Distributions include Amazon Corretto, Zulu, AdoptOpenJDK, and Liberica. Regarding Oracle, it distributes Java 8, and also makes available e.g. Java 11, both also currently supported LTS versions. Oracle (and others) "highly recommend that you uninstall older versions of Java" than Java 8, because of serious risks due to unresolved security issues. Since Java 9 (as well as versions 10, and 12–16, and 18–20) are no longer supported, Oracle advises its users to "immediately transition" to a supported version. Oracle released the last free-for-commercial-use public update for the legacy Java 8 LTS in January 2019, and will continue to support Java 8 with public updates for personal use indefinitely. Oracle extended support for Java 6 ended in December 2018. Platform The Java platform is a suite of programs that facilitate developing and running programs written in the Java programming language. A Java platform includes an execution engine (called a virtual machine), a compiler and a set of libraries; there may also be additional servers and alternative libraries that depend on the requirements. Java platforms have been implemented for a wide variety of hardware and operating systems with a view to enable Java programs to run identically on all of them. The Java platform consists of several programs, each of which provides a portion of its overall capabilities. For example, the Java compiler, which converts Java source code into Java bytecode (an intermediate language for the JVM), is provided as part of the Java Development Kit (JDK). The Java Runtime Environment (JRE), complementing the JVM with a just-in-time (JIT) compiler, converts intermediate bytecode into native machine code on the fly. The Java platform also includes an extensive set of libraries. The essential components in the platform are the Java language compiler, the libraries, and the runtime environment in which Java intermediate bytecode executes according to the rules laid out in the virtual machine specification. Application domains Different platforms target different classes of device and application domains: Java Card: A technology that allows small Java-based applications (applets) to be run securely on smart cards and similar small-memory devices. Java ME (Micro Edition): Specifies several different sets of libraries (known as profiles) for devices with limited storage, display, and power capacities. It is often used to develop applications for mobile devices, PDAs, TV set-top boxes, and printers. Java SE (Standard Edition): For general-purpose use on desktop PCs, servers and similar devices. Jakarta EE (Enterprise Edition): Java SE plus various APIs which are useful for multi-tier client–server enterprise applications. Java SE Jakarta EE Java virtual machine The heart of the Java platform is the "virtual machine" that executes Java bytecode programs. This bytecode is the same no matter what hardware or operating system the program is running under. However, new versions, such as for Java 10 (and earlier), have made small changes, meaning the bytecode is in general only forward compatible. There is a JIT (Just In Time) compiler within the Java Virtual Machine, or JVM. The JIT compiler translates the Java bytecode into native processor instructions at run-time and caches the native code in memory during execution. The use of bytecode as an intermediate language permits Java programs to run on any platform that has a virtual machine available. The use of a JIT compiler means that Java applications, after a short delay during loading and once they have "warmed up" by being all or mostly JIT-compiled, tend to run about as fast as native programs. Since JRE version 1.2, Sun's JVM implementation has included a just-in-time compiler instead of an interpreter. Although Java programs are cross-platform or platform independent, the code of the Java Virtual Machines (JVM) that execute these programs is not. Every supported operating platform has its own JVM. Java Development Kit Java Runtime Environment The Java Runtime Environment (JRE) released by Oracle is a freely available software distribution containing a stand-alone JVM (HotSpot), the Java standard library (Java Class Library), a configuration tool, and—until its discontinuation in JDK 9—a browser plug-in. It is the most common Java environment installed on personal computers in the laptop and desktop form factor. Mobile phones including feature phones and early smartphones that ship with a JVM are most likely to include a JVM meant to run applications targeting Micro Edition of the Java platform. Meanwhile, most modern smartphones, tablet computers, and other handheld PCs that run Java apps are most likely to do so through support of the Android operating system, which includes an open source virtual machine incompatible with the JVM specification. (Instead, Google's Android development tools take Java programs as input and output Dalvik bytecode, which is the native input format for the virtual machine on Android devices.) The last Critical Path Update version of JRE with an Oracle BCL Agreement was 8u201 and, the last Patch Set Update version with the same license was 8u202. The last Oracle JRE implementation, regardless of its licensing scheme, was 9.0.4. Since Java Platform SE 9, the whole platform also was grouped into modules. The modularization of Java SE implementations allows developers to bundle their applications together with all the modules used by them, instead of solely relying on the presence of a suitable Java SE implementation in the user device. Class libraries In most modern operating systems (OSs), a large body of reusable code is provided to simplify the programmer's job. This code is typically provided as a set of dynamically loadable libraries that applications can call at runtime. Because the Java platform is not dependent on any specific operating system, applications cannot rely on any of the pre-existing OS libraries. Instead, the Java platform provides a comprehensive set of its own standard class libraries containing many of the same reusable functions commonly found in modern operating systems. Most of the system library is also written in Java. For instance, the Swing library paints the user interface and handles the events itself, eliminating many subtle differences between how different platforms handle components. The Java class libraries serve three purposes within the Java platform. First, like other standard code libraries, the Java libraries provide the programmer a well-known set of functions to perform common tasks, such as maintaining lists of items or performing complex string parsing. Second, the class libraries provide an abstract interface to tasks that would normally depend heavily on the hardware and operating system. Tasks such as network access and file access are often heavily intertwined with the distinctive implementations of each platform. The java.net and java.io libraries implement an abstraction layer in native OS code, then provide a standard interface for the Java applications to perform those tasks. Finally, when some underlying platform does not support all of the features a Java application expects, the class libraries work to gracefully handle the absent components, either by emulation to provide a substitute, or at least by providing a consistent way to check for the presence of a specific feature. Languages The word "Java", alone, usually refers to Java programming language that was designed for use with the Java platform. Programming languages are typically outside of the scope of the phrase "platform", although the Java programming language was listed as a core part of the Java platform before Java 7. The language and runtime were therefore commonly considered a single unit. However, an effort was made with the Java 7 specification to more clearly treat the Java language and the Java Virtual Machine as separate entities, so that they are no longer considered a single unit. Third parties have produced many compilers or interpreters that target the JVM. Some of these are for existing languages, while others are for extensions to the Java language. These include: BeanShell – a lightweight scripting language for Java (see also JShell) Ceylon – an object-oriented, strongly statically typed programming language with an emphasis on immutability Clojure – a modern, dynamic, and functional dialect of the Lisp programming language on the Java platform Gosu – a general-purpose Java Virtual Machine-based programming language released under the Apache License 2.0 Groovy – a fully Java interoperable, Java-syntax-compatible, static and dynamic language with features from Python, Ruby, Perl, and Smalltalk JRuby – a Ruby interpreter Jython – a Python interpreter Kotlin – an industrial programming language for JVM with full Java interoperability Rhino – a JavaScript interpreter Scala – a multi-paradigm programming language with non-Java compatible syntax designed as a "better Java" Similar platforms The success of Java and its write once, run anywhere concept has led to other similar efforts, notably the .NET Framework, appearing since 2002, which incorporates many of the successful aspects of Java. .NET was built from the ground-up to support multiple programming languages, while the Java platform was initially built to support only the Java language, although many other languages have been made for JVM since. Like Java, .NET languages compile to byte code and are executed by the Common Language Runtime (CLR), which is similar in purpose to the JVM. Like the JVM, the CLR provides memory management through automatic garbage collection, and allows .NET byte code to run on multiple operating systems. .NET included a Java-like language first named J++, then called Visual J# that was incompatible with the Java specification. It was discontinued 2007, and support for it ended in 2015. Performance The JVM specification gives a lot of leeway to implementors regarding the implementation details. Since Java 1.3, JRE from Oracle contains a JVM called HotSpot. It has been designed to be a high-performance JVM. To speed-up code execution, HotSpot relies on just-in-time compilation. To speed-up object allocation and garbage collection, HotSpot uses generational heap. Generational heap The Java virtual machine heap is the area of memory used by the JVM for dynamic memory allocation. In HotSpot the heap is divided into generations: The young generation stores short-lived objects that are created and immediately garbage collected. Objects that persist longer are moved to the old generation (also called the tenured generation). This memory is subdivided into (two) Survivors spaces where the objects that survived the first and next garbage collections are stored. The permanent generation (or permgen) was used for class definitions and associated metadata prior to Java 8. Permanent generation was not part of the heap. The permanent generation was removed from Java 8. Originally there was no permanent generation, and objects and classes were stored together in the same area. But as class unloading occurs much more rarely than objects are collected, moving class structures to a specific area allowed significant performance improvements. Security The Java JRE is installed on a large number of computers. End users with an out-of-date version of JRE therefore are vulnerable to many known attacks. This led to the widely shared belief that Java is inherently insecure. Since Java 1.7, Oracle's JRE for Windows includes automatic update functionality. Before the discontinuation of the Java browser plug-in, any web page might have potentially run a Java applet, which provided an easily accessible attack surface to malicious web sites. In 2013 Kaspersky Labs reported that the Java plug-in was the method of choice for computer criminals. Java exploits are included in many exploit packs that hackers deploy onto hacked web sites. Java applets were removed in Java 11, released on September 25, 2018. Java Versions Java 17 (2021) Java 17, a Long Term Support (LTS) release, comes with several enhancements. It provides pattern matching for switch statements and sealed classes. Java 16 (2021) Java 16 introduces record classes, pattern matching, and sealed classes for enhanced data modelling capabilities. Java 15 (2020) Java 15 introduced text blocks and sealed classes as preview features, enhancing string and class handling. Java 14 (2020) Java 14 brought new features such as record classes and pattern matching for instanceof as preview features. Java 13 (2019) Java 13 included enhancements like text blocks and reimplementation of the legacy Socket API. Java 12 (2019) Java 12 introduced switch expressions and the new Shenandoah garbage collector. Java 11 (2018) Java 11, a LTS release, introduced the new HTTP Client. It also removed Java EE and CORBA modules. Java 10 (2018) Java 10 introduced Local-Variable Type Inference (var), which allows developers to declare local variables without specifying their type. Java 9 (2017) Java 9 introduced the Java Platform Module System (JPMS) for modularizing applications and JShell, an interactive Java REPL. Java 8 (2014) Java 8 is a major release that introduced Lambda Expressions and a new Date and Time API for better productivity. Java 7 (2011) Java 7 introduced try-with-resources, Switch on String, and Diamond Operator. It also included expanded exception handling and a new file I/O library (NIO.2). Java 6 (2006) Java 6 introduced Scripting Language Support (JSR 223) and Web Service Enhancements. It also provided JDBC 4.0 with SQL XML support. Java 5 (2004) Java 5 was a significant release that included Generics, an Enhanced for Loop, Autoboxing/Unboxing, Static Import, Varargs, Enumerations, and Annotations. Java 4 (2002) Java 4 introduced Regular Expressions, Exception Chaining, and a new set of I/O APIs known as NIO (New Input/Output). It also included a new Logging API. Java 3 (2000) Java 3 included Sun's new JVM known as HotSpot. It also introduced Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) and Java Platform Debugger Architecture (JPDA). Java 2 (1998) Java 2 introduced the Collections Framework, Java String memory map for constants, a Just In Time (JIT) compiler, and the Swing API for GUIs. Java 1.1 (1997) Java 1.1 introduced Inner Classes, Reflection, Java Beans, and the JDBC API for database access. Java 1.0 (1996) Java 1.0 was the first version of the Java programming language. It introduced object-oriented programming and bytecode, which made Java platform-independent. History The Java platform and language began as an internal project at Sun Microsystems in December 1990, providing an alternative to the C++/C programming languages. Engineer Patrick Naughton had become increasingly frustrated with the state of Sun's C++ and C application programming interfaces (APIs) and tools, as well as with the way the NeWS project was handled by the organization. Naughton informed Scott McNealy about his plan of leaving Sun and moving to NeXT; McNealy asked him to pretend he was God and send him an e-mail explaining how to fix the company. Naughton envisioned the creation of a small team that could work autonomously without the bureaucracy that was stalling other Sun projects. McNealy forwarded the message to other important people at Sun, and the Stealth Project started. The Stealth Project was soon renamed to the Green Project, with James Gosling and Mike Sheridan joining Naughton. Together with other engineers, they began work in a small office on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park, California. They aimed to develop new technology for programming next-generation smart appliances, which Sun expected to offer major new opportunities. The team originally considered using C++, but rejected it for several reasons. Because they were developing an embedded system with limited resources, they decided that C++ needed too much memory and that its complexity led to developer errors. The language's lack of garbage collection meant that programmers had to manually manage system memory, a challenging and error-prone task. The team also worried about the C++ language's lack of portable facilities for security, distributed programming, and threading. Finally, they wanted a platform that would port easily to all types of devices. Bill Joy had envisioned a new language combining Mesa and C. In a paper called Further, he proposed to Sun that its engineers should produce an object-oriented environment based on C++. Initially, Gosling attempted to modify and extend C++ (a proposed development that he referred to as "C++ ++ --") but soon abandoned that in favor of creating a new language, which he called Oak, after the tree that stood just outside his office. By the summer of 1992, the team could demonstrate portions of the new platform, including the Green OS, the Oak language, the libraries, and the hardware. Their first demonstration, on September 3, 1992, focused on building a personal digital assistant (PDA) device named Star7 that had a graphical interface and a smart agent called "Duke" to assist the user. In November of that year, the Green Project was spun off to become Firstperson, a wholly owned subsidiary of Sun Microsystems, and the team relocated to Palo Alto, California. The Firstperson team had an interest in building highly interactive devices, and when Time Warner issued a request for proposal (RFP) for a set-top box, Firstperson changed their target and responded with a proposal for a set-top box platform. However, the cable industry felt that their platform gave too much control to the user, so Firstperson lost their bid to SGI. An additional deal with The 3DO Company for a set-top box also failed to materialize. Unable to generate interest within the television industry, the company was rolled back into Sun. Java meets the Web In June and July 1994 after three days of brainstorming with John Gage (the Director of Science for Sun), Gosling, Joy, Naughton, Wayne Rosing, and Eric Schmidt the team re-targeted the platform for the World Wide Web. They felt that with the advent of graphical web browsers like Mosaic the Internet could evolve into the same highly interactive medium that they had envisioned for cable TV. As a prototype, Naughton wrote a small browser, WebRunner (named after the movie Blade Runner), renamed HotJava in 1995. Sun renamed the Oak language to Java after a trademark search revealed that Oak Technology used the name Oak. Sun priced Java licenses below cost to gain market share. Although Java 1.0a became available for download in 1994, the first public release of Java, Java 1.0a2 with the HotJava browser, came on May 23, 1995, announced by Gage at the SunWorld conference. Accompanying Gage's announcement, Marc Andreessen, Executive Vice President of Netscape Communications Corporation, unexpectedly announced that Netscape browsers would include Java support. On January 9, 1996, Sun Microsystems formed the JavaSoft group to develop the technology. While the so-called Java applets for web browsers no longer are the most popular use of Java (with it e.g. more used server-side) or the most popular way to run code client-side (JavaScript took over as more popular), it still is possible to run Java (or other JVM languages such as Kotlin) in web browsers, even after JVM support has been dropped from them, using e.g. TeaVM. GNU General Public License On November 13, 2006, Sun Microsystems made the bulk of its implementation of Java available under the GNU General Public License (GPL). Version history The Java language has undergone several changes since the release of JDK (Java Development Kit) 1.0 on January 23, 1996, as well as numerous additions of classes and packages to the standard library. Since J2SE 1.4 the Java Community Process (JCP) has governed the evolution of the Java Language. The JCP uses Java Specification Requests (JSRs) to propose and specify additions and changes to the Java platform. The Java Language Specification (JLS) specifies the language; changes to the JLS are managed under JSR 901. Sun released JDK 1.1 on February 19, 1997. Major additions included an extensive retooling of the AWT event model, inner classes added to the language, JavaBeans and JDBC. J2SE 1.2 (December 8, 1998) – Codename Playground. This and subsequent releases through J2SE 5.0 were rebranded Java 2 and the version name "J2SE" (Java 2 Platform, Standard Edition) replaced JDK to distinguish the base platform from J2EE (Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition) and J2ME (Java 2 Platform, Micro Edition). Major additions included reflection, a collections framework, Java IDL (an interface description language implementation for CORBA interoperability), and the integration of the Swing graphical API into the core classes. A Java Plug-in was released, and Sun's JVM was equipped with a JIT compiler for the first time. J2SE 1.3 (May 8, 2000) – Codename Kestrel. Notable changes included the bundling of the HotSpot JVM (the HotSpot JVM was first released in April, 1999 for the J2SE 1.2 JVM), JavaSound, Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) and Java Platform Debugger Architecture (JPDA). J2SE 1.4 (February 6, 2002) – Codename Merlin. This became the first release of the Java platform developed under the Java Community Process as JSR 59. Major changes included regular expressions modeled after Perl, exception chaining, an integrated XML parser and XSLT processor (JAXP), and Java Web Start. J2SE 5.0 (September 30, 2004) – Codename Tiger. It was originally numbered 1.5, which is still used as the internal version number. Developed under JSR 176, Tiger added several significant new language features including the for-each loop, generics, autoboxing and var-args. Java SE 6 (December 11, 2006) – Codename Mustang. It was bundled with a database manager and facilitates the use of scripting languages with the JVM (such as JavaScript using Mozilla's Rhino engine). As of this version, Sun replaced the name "J2SE" with Java SE and dropped the ".0" from the version number. Other major changes include support for pluggable annotations (JSR 269), many GUI improvements, including native UI enhancements to support the look and feel of Windows Vista, and improvements to the Java Platform Debugger Architecture (JPDA) & JVM Tool Interface for better monitoring and troubleshooting. Java SE 7 (July 28, 2011) – Codename Dolphin. This version developed under JSR 336. It added many small language changes including strings in switch, try-with-resources and type inference for generic instance creation. The JVM was extended with support for dynamic languages, while the class library was extended among others with a join/fork framework, an improved new file I/O library and support for new network protocols such as SCTP. Java 7 Update 76 was released in January 2015, with expiration date April 14, 2015. In June 2016, after the last public update of Java 7, "remotely exploitable" security bugs in Java 6, 7, and 8 were announced. Java SE 8 (March 18, 2014) Codename Kenai. Notable changes include language-level support for lambda expressions (closures) and default methods, the Project Nashorn JavaScript runtime, a new Date and Time API inspired by Joda Time, and the removal of PermGen. This version is not officially supported on the Windows XP platform. However, due to the end of Java 7's lifecycle it is the recommended version for XP users. Previously, only an unofficial manual installation method had been described for Windows XP SP3. It refers to JDK8, the developing platform for Java that also includes a fully functioning Java Runtime Environment. Java 8 is supported on Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1, Windows Vista SP2 and Windows 7 SP1, Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and higher (and some other OSes). Java SE 9 and 10 had higher system requirements, i.e. Windows 7 or Server 2012 (and web browser minimum certified is upped to Internet Explorer 11 or other web browsers), and Oracle dropped 32-bit compatibility for all platforms, i.e. only Oracle's "64-bit Java virtual machines (JVMs) are certified". Java SE 11 was released September 2018, the first LTS release since the rapid release model was adopted starting with version 9. For the first time, OpenJDK 11 represents the complete source code for the Java platform under the GNU General Public License, and while Oracle still dual-licenses it with an optional proprietary license, there are no code differences nor modules unique to the proprietary-licensed version. Java 11 features include two new garbage collector implementations, Flight Recorder to debug deep issues, a new HTTP client including WebSocket support. Java SE 12 was released March 2019. Java SE 13 was released September 2019. Java SE 14 was released March 2020. Java SE 15 was released September 2020. Java SE 16 was released March 2021. Java SE 17 was released September 2021. Java SE 18 was released March 2022. Java SE 19 was released September 2022. Java SE 20 was released March 2023. In addition to language changes, significant changes have been made to the Java class library over the years, which has grown from a few hundred classes in JDK 1.0 to over three thousand in J2SE 5.0. Entire new APIs, such as Swing and Java 2D, have evolved, and many of the original JDK 1.0 classes and methods have been deprecated. Usage Desktop use According to Oracle in 2010, the Java Runtime Environment was found on over 850 million PCs. Microsoft has not bundled a Java Runtime Environment (JRE) with its operating systems since Sun Microsystems sued Microsoft for adding Windows-specific classes to the bundled Java runtime environment, and for making the new classes available through Visual J++. Apple no longer includes a Java runtime with OS X as of version 10.7, but the system prompts the user to download and install it the first time an application requiring the JRE is launched. Many Linux distributions include the OpenJDK runtime as the default virtual machine, negating the need to download the proprietary Oracle JRE. Some Java applications are in fairly widespread desktop use, including the NetBeans and Eclipse integrated development environments, and file sharing clients such as LimeWire and Vuze. Java is also used in the MATLAB mathematics programming environment, both for rendering the user interface and as part of the core system. Java provides cross platform user interface for some high end collaborative applications such as Lotus Notes. Oracle plans to first deprecate the separately installable Java browser plugin from the Java Runtime Environment in JDK 9 then remove it completely from a future release, forcing web developers to use an alternative technology. Mascot Duke is Java's mascot. When Sun announced that Java SE and Java ME would be released under a free software license (the GNU General Public License), they released the Duke graphics under the free BSD license at the same time. A new Duke personality is created every year. For example, in July 2011 "Future Tech Duke" included a bigger nose, a jetpack, and blue wings. Licensing The source code for Sun's implementations of Java (i.e. the de facto reference implementation) has been available for some time, but until recently, the license terms severely restricted what could be done with it without signing (and generally paying for) a contract with Sun. As such these terms did not satisfy the requirements of either the Open Source Initiative or the Free Software Foundation to be considered open source or free software, and Sun Java was therefore a proprietary platform. While several third-party projects (e.g. GNU Classpath and Apache Harmony) created free software partial Java implementations, the large size of the Sun libraries combined with the use of clean room methods meant that their implementations of the Java libraries (the compiler and VM are comparatively small and well defined) were incomplete and not fully compatible. These implementations also tended to be far less optimized than Sun's. Free software Sun announced in JavaOne 2006 that Java would become free and open-source software, and on October 25, 2006, at the Oracle OpenWorld conference, Jonathan I. Schwartz said that the company was set to announce the release of the core Java Platform as free and open source software within 30 to 60 days. Sun released the Java HotSpot virtual machine and compiler as free software under the GNU General Public License on November 13, 2006, with a promise that the rest of the JDK (that includes the JRE) would be placed under the GPL by March 2007 ("except for a few components that Sun does not have the right to publish in distributable source form under the GPL"). According to Richard Stallman, this would mean an end to the "Java trap". Mark Shuttleworth called the initial press announcement, "A real milestone for the free software community". Sun released the source code of the Class library under GPL on May 8, 2007, except some limited parts that were licensed by Sun from third parties who did not want their code to be released under a free software and open-source license. Some of the encumbered parts turned out to be fairly key parts of the platform such as font rendering and 2D rasterising, but these were released as open-source later by Sun (see OpenJDK Class library). Sun's goal was to replace the parts that remain proprietary and closed-source with alternative implementations and make the class library completely free and open source. In the meantime, a third-party project called IcedTea created a completely free and highly usable JDK by replacing encumbered code with either stubs or code from GNU Classpath. However OpenJDK has since become buildable without the encumbered parts (from OpenJDK 6 b10) and has become the default runtime environment for most Linux distributions. In June 2008, it was announced that IcedTea6 (as the packaged version of OpenJDK on Fedora 9) has passed the Technology Compatibility Kit tests and can claim to be a fully compatible Java 6 implementation. Because OpenJDK is under the GPL, it is possible to redistribute a custom version of the JRE directly with software applications, rather than requiring the enduser (or their sysadmin) to download and install the correct version of the proprietary Oracle JRE onto each of their systems themselves. Criticism In most cases, Java support is unnecessary in Web browsers, and security experts recommend that it not be run in a browser unless absolutely necessary. It was suggested that, if Java is required by a few Web sites, users should have a separate browser installation specifically for those sites. Generics When generics were added to Java 5.0, there was already a large framework of classes (many of which were already deprecated), so generics were chosen to be implemented using erasure to allow for migration compatibility and re-use of these existing classes. This limited the features that could be provided by this addition as compared to some other languages. The addition of type wildcards made Java unsound. Unsigned integer types Java lacks native unsigned integer types. Unsigned data are often generated from programs written in C and the lack of these types prevents direct data interchange between C and Java. Unsigned large numbers are also used in many numeric processing fields, including cryptography, which can make Java less convenient to use for these tasks. Although it is possible to partially circumvent this problem with conversion code and using larger data types, it makes using Java cumbersome for handling the unsigned data. While a 32-bit signed integer may be used to hold a 16-bit unsigned value with relative ease, a 32-bit unsigned value would require a 64-bit signed integer. Additionally, a 64-bit unsigned value cannot be stored using any integer type in Java because no type larger than 64 bits exists in the Java language. If abstracted using functions, function calls become necessary for many operations which are native to some other languages. Alternatively, it is possible to use Java's signed integers to emulate unsigned integers of the same size, but this requires detailed knowledge of complex bitwise operations. Floating point arithmetic While Java's floating point arithmetic is largely based on IEEE 754 (Standard for Binary Floating-Point Arithmetic), certain features are not supported even when using the strictfp modifier, such as Exception Flags and Directed Roundings capabilities mandated by IEEE Standard 754. Additionally, the extended precision floating-point types permitted in 754 and present in many processors are not permitted in Java. Performance In the early days of Java (before the HotSpot VM was implemented in Java 1.3 in 2000) there were some criticisms of performance. Benchmarks typically reported Java as being about 50% slower than C (a language which compiles to native code). Java's performance has improved substantially since the early versions. Performance of JIT compilers relative to native compilers has in some optimized tests been shown to be quite similar. Java bytecode can either be interpreted at run time by a virtual machine, or it can be compiled at load time or runtime into native code which runs directly on the computer's hardware. Interpretation is slower than native execution, and compilation at load time or runtime has an initial performance penalty for the compilation. Modern performant JVM implementations all use the compilation approach, so after the initial startup time the performance is equivalent to native code. Security The Java platform provides a security architecture which is designed to allow the user to run untrusted bytecode in a "sandboxed" manner to protect against malicious or poorly written software. This "sandboxing" feature is intended to protect the user by restricting access to certain platform features and APIs which could be exploited by malware, such as accessing the local filesystem, running arbitrary commands, or accessing communication networks. In recent years, researchers have discovered numerous security flaws in some widely used Java implementations, including Oracle's, which allow untrusted code to bypass the sandboxing mechanism, exposing users to malicious attacks. These flaws affect only Java applications which execute arbitrary untrusted bytecode, such as web browser plug-ins that run Java applets downloaded from public websites. Applications where the user trusts, and has full control over, all code that is being executed are unaffected. On August 31, 2012, Java 6 and 7 (both supported back then) on Microsoft Windows, OS X, and Linux were found to have a serious security flaw that allowed a remote exploit to take place by simply loading a malicious web page. was later found to be flawed as well. On January 10, 2013, three computer specialists spoke out against Java, telling Reuters that it was not secure and that people should disable Java. Jaime Blasco, Labs Manager with AlienVault Labs, stated that "Java is a mess. It's not secure. You have to disable it." This vulnerability affects and it is unclear if it affects , so it is suggested that consumers disable it. Security alerts from Oracle announce schedules of critical security-related patches to Java. On January 14, 2013, security experts said that the update still failed to protect PCs from attack. This exploit hole prompted a response from the United States Department of Homeland Security encouraging users to disable or uninstall Java. Apple blacklisted Java in limited order for all computers running its OS X operating system through a virus protection program. In 2014 and responding to then-recent Java security and vulnerability issues, security blogger Brian Krebs has called for users to remove at least the Java browser plugin and also the entire software. "I look forward to a world without the Java plugin (and to not having to remind readers about quarterly patch updates) but it will probably be years before various versions of this plugin are mostly removed from end-user systems worldwide." "Once promising, it has outlived its usefulness in the browser, and has become a nightmare that delights cyber-criminals at the expense of computer users." "I think everyone should uninstall Java from all their PCs and Macs, and then think carefully about whether they need to add it back. If you are a typical home user, you can probably do without it. If you are a business user, you may not have a choice." Adware The Oracle-distributed Java runtime environment has a history of bundling sponsored software to be installed by default during installation and during the updates which roll out every month or so. This includes the "Ask.com toolbar" that will redirect browser searches to ads and "McAfee Security Scan Plus". These offers can be blocked through a setting in the Java Control Panel, although this is not obvious. This setting is located under the "Advanced" tab in the Java Control Panel, under the "Miscellaneous" heading, where the option is labelled as an option to suppress "sponsor offers". Update system Java has yet to release an automatic updater that does not require user intervention and administrative rights unlike Google Chrome and Flash player. See also List of Java APIs Java logging framework Java performance JavaFX Jazelle Java ConcurrentMap Comparison of the Java and .NET platforms List of JVM languages List of computing mascots References External links sun.com – Official developer site Presentation by James Gosling about the origins of Java, from the JVM Languages Summit 2008 Java forums organization Java Introduction, May 14, 2014, Java77 Blog Java Services and Benefits Introduction, June 13, 2023, SAGIPL Computing platforms Cross-platform software
Open-source software security is the measure of assurance or guarantee in the freedom from danger and risk inherent to an open-source software system. Implementation debate Benefits Proprietary software forces the user to accept the level of security that the software vendor is willing to deliver and to accept the rate that patches and updates are released. It is assumed that any compiler that is used creates code that can be trusted, but it has been demonstrated by Ken Thompson that a compiler can be subverted using a compiler backdoor to create faulty executables that are unwittingly produced by a well-intentioned developer. With access to the source code for the compiler, the developer has at least the ability to discover if there is any mal-intention. Kerckhoffs' principle is based on the idea that an enemy can steal a secure military system and not be able to compromise the information. His ideas were the basis for many modern security practices, and followed that security through obscurity is a bad practice. Drawbacks Simply making source code available does not guarantee review. An example of this occurring is when Marcus Ranum, an expert on security system design and implementation, released his first public firewall toolkit. At one time, there were over 2,000 sites using his toolkit, but only 10 people gave him any feedback or patches. Having a large amount of eyes reviewing code can "lull a user into a false sense of security". Having many users look at source code does not guarantee that security flaws will be found and fixed. Metrics and models There are a variety of models and metrics to measure the security of a system. These are a few methods that can be used to measure the security of software systems. Number of days between vulnerabilities It is argued that a system is most vulnerable after a potential vulnerability is discovered, but before a patch is created. By measuring the number of days between the vulnerability and when the vulnerability is fixed, a basis can be determined on the security of the system. There are a few caveats to such an approach: not every vulnerability is equally bad, and fixing a lot of bugs quickly might not be better than only finding a few and taking a little bit longer to fix them, taking into account the operating system, or the effectiveness of the fix. Poisson process The Poisson process can be used to measure the rates at which different people find security flaws between open and closed source software. The process can be broken down by the number of volunteers Nv and paid reviewers Np. The rates at which volunteers find a flaw is measured by λv and the rate that paid reviewers find a flaw is measured by λp. The expected time that a volunteer group is expected to find a flaw is 1/(Nv λv) and the expected time that a paid group is expected to find a flaw is 1/(Np λp). Morningstar model By comparing a large variety of open source and closed source projects a star system could be used to analyze the security of the project similar to how Morningstar, Inc. rates mutual funds. With a large enough data set, statistics could be used to measure the overall effectiveness of one group over the other. An example of such as system is as follows: 1 Star: Many security vulnerabilities. 2 Stars: Reliability issues. 3 Stars: Follows best security practices. 4 Stars: Documented secure development process. 5 Stars: Passed independent security review. Coverity scan Coverity in collaboration with Stanford University has established a new baseline for open-source quality and security. The development is being completed through a contract with the Department of Homeland Security. They are utilizing innovations in automated defect detection to identify critical types of bugs found in software. The level of quality and security is measured in rungs. Rungs do not have a definitive meaning, and can change as Coverity releases new tools. Rungs are based on the progress of fixing issues found by the Coverity Analysis results and the degree of collaboration with Coverity. They start with Rung 0 and currently go up to Rung 2. Rung 0 The project has been analyzed by Coverity's Scan infrastructure, but no representatives from the open-source software have come forward for the results. Rung 1 At rung 1, there is collaboration between Coverity and the development team. The software is analyzed with a subset of the scanning features to prevent the development team from being overwhelmed. Rung 2 There are 11 projects that have been analyzed and upgraded to the status of Rung 2 by reaching zero defects in the first year of the scan. These projects include: AMANDA, ntp, OpenPAM, OpenVPN, Overdose, Perl, PHP, Postfix, Python, Samba, and tcl. See also Open Source Security Foundation References External links Bruce Schneier: "Open Source and Security", Crypto-Gram Newsletter, 15 September 1999 Messmer, Ellen. (2013). "Security of open-source software again being scrutinized". Network World, 30(5), 12-12,14. (Article at CIO magazine) Census Project / Core Infrastructure Initiative by Linux Foundation Computer security Free software
Debenham is a village and civil parish located north of Ipswich in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk, England. The River Deben rises in the parish, and flows along a prolonged ford through the village. In 1086, Debenham was a comparatively large village of 69 households in the hundred of Claydon. At the 2001 census the parish population was recorded as 1,728 increasing to 2,210 at the 2011 census though including the parishes of Aspall and Winston. It is currently estimated to be 2,274. In 1991 Prince Alexandre of Belgium was married in the village however the marriage was kept a secret until 1998. In November 2020, filming on the thriller movie Confession started at Debenham Church. The film stars Colm Meaney. Village facilities Village amenities and facilities include a post office, library, pharmacy, doctors' surgery, osteopath, a police station and fire station, cafes, a supermarket, a newsagents, green grocers, butcher, baker, florist and antiques dealer, and hardware and pottery outlets. There is currently one pub, the Woolpack; though it is hoped the Angel and Red Lion will be reopening soon. St Mary's Arts Exhibition started in 1976 and runs each year during the summer. There is also a yearly fete on High Street. Football The local football club, Debenham LC is based at the village's leisure centre, and plays in Division One of the Eastern Counties League. Schools Debenham High School first opened in 1964 on Gracechurch Street and caters for 650 pupils aged 11–16. Debenham also has a primary school, Sir Robert Hitcham CEVAP School, for ages 5–11 on School Corner. References External links Village website Debenham Leisure Centre website Debenham Family History website St Mary Magdalene church (Anglican) The Forge Community Church website Debenham Arts Festival Website Villages in Suffolk Mid Suffolk District Civil parishes in Suffolk
This is a list of rivers in El Salvador. El Salvador has 58 river basins which all drain to the Pacific Ocean. The total amount of water discharged into the Pacific is 19 million m³ in a normal year. Additionally, there are several endorheic basins linked to a lake. Coatepeque Lake is the largest endorheic basin in the country. By drainage basin This list is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name. Pacific Ocean Paz River Cara Sucia River Copinula River Sensunapan River Banderas River Pululuya River Comalapa River Jiboa River Lempa River Torola River Sumpul River Ostúa River Jalponga River El Guayabo River El Potrero River El Molino River Río Grande de San Miguel Sirama River Goascorán River See also List of rivers of the Americas by coastline References Rand McNally, The New International Atlas, 1993. CIA map: :Image:Elsalvador relief map 1980.jpg , GEOnet Names Server El Salvador Rivers E
is a Japanese software entrepreneur. Takasuka founded Cybozu, one of Japan's first Web-based groupware products. In 1997 with a $200,000 loan and two partners, Takasuka left his position as Vice President of Matsushita Electric Works V-Internet Operations in Osaka, Japan for the small city of Matsuyama, where he went to work developing Cybozu. Japanese for "cyber-kid", Cybozu held an initial public offering (IPO) within three years. In April 2005 Takasuka resigned his position as President and CEO at Cybozu, and in January 2006 founded LUNARR, Inc. with his business partner, Hideshi Hamaguchi in Portland, Oregon, U.S.A. He currently lives in Portland, Oregon and Tokyo, Japan. Personal history Born (1966, Matsuyama, Ehime, Japan) Education 1990, B.S. in Engineering Management, Hiroshima Institute of Technology Professional Joins Matsushita Electric Works in 1990 in client-server networking and R&D. In 1994, develops Japan's first corporate Intranet with Hideshi Hamaguchi. In 1996, becomes Vice President/Director, V-Internet Operations Matsushita Electric Works, an in-house venture company he helped create. External links about.lunarr.com :ja:LUNARR Wikipedia.org Japanese The Oregonian Article References 1966 births Living people Japanese chief executives People from Matsuyama, Ehime
eXtensible Server Pages (XSP) is an XML-based language, which offers the possibility of dynamically arranged Java code into XML documents. It was developed by the Apache Software Foundation for the Web Publishing Framework Cocoon. The focus of XSP is the separation of content, logic and presentation. The Java program code is in its own XML section <xsp:logic> that can either occur within or outside of the root element (<xsp:page>). The Java code is compiled with the first call. These directives are replaced by the generated content so that the resulting, augmented XML document can be subject to further processing with XSL Transformations. XSP pages are transformed into Cocoon producers, typically as Java classes, though any scripting language for which a Java-based processor exists could also be used. Directives can be either XSP built-in processing tags or user-defined library tags. XSP built-in tags are used to embed procedural logic, substitute expressions and dynamically build XML nodes. User-defined library tags act as templates that dictate how program code is generated from information encoded in each dynamic tag. External links Cocoon XSP 2.1 XSP 1.x - Working Draft XML User interface markup languages Java platform software
Ex Libris may refer to: An Ex Libris (bookplate), a label affixed to a book to indicate ownership Ex Libris (band), a Dutch metal band Ex Libris (bookshop), a Swiss retail company "Ex Libris" (Charmed), a 2000 episode of the television series Charmed Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader, a 1998 collection of essays by Anne Fadiman Ex Libris (game), a party game Ex Libris Group, an Israeli software company that sells library automation software Exlibris (music label), subsidiary of Danish publisher Gyldendal. Ex Libris: The New York Public Library, a 2017 American documentary film Ex Libris, an imprint of Rizzoli International Publications See also Rex Libris, a comic book series by James Turner Xlibris, a publishing and printing services provider based in Indiana
The N-Prize (the "N" stands for "Nanosatellite" or "Negligible Resources".) is an inducement prize contest intended to "encourage creativity, originality and inventiveness in the face of severe odds and impossible financial restrictions" and thus stimulate innovation directed towards obtaining cheap access to space. The competition was launched in 2008 by Cambridge biologist Paul H. Dear, and is intended specifically to spur amateur involvement in spaceflight as it is "aimed at amateurs, enthusiasts, would-be boffins and foolhardy optimists." Dr. Dear died on 11 March 2020, and the prize was subsequently closed. The challenge posed by the N-Prize is to launch a satellite weighing between 9.99 and 19.99 grammes into Earth orbit, and to track it for a minimum of nine orbits. Most importantly the launch budget must be under £999.99 including the launch vehicle, all of the required non-reusable launch equipment hardware, and propellant. In order to be eligible for the awards the challenge initially had to be completed before 19:19:09 (GMT) on 19 September 2013, however later it was decided that the prize will remain open until won. Doing so will earn the winning team a prize of £9,999.99. List of competing teams The official site of the N-Prize includes an animated page listing over fifty teams together with contact information and links to any team websites. Examples of teams that have entered the competition at one time or another and who also have or had web pages include: Nebula Epsilon Vee Vulcan Microlaunchers Cambridge University Spaceflight Potent Voyager Team Prometheus Team 9.99 Kiwi 2 Space Qi Spacecraft Aerosplice WikiSat See also Ansari X Prize Rockoon List of space technology awards References External links N-Prize main website N-Prize official forum Space Fellowship official N-Prize forum Challenge awards Space-related awards
As a subfield in artificial intelligence, diagnosis is concerned with the development of algorithms and techniques that are able to determine whether the behaviour of a system is correct. If the system is not functioning correctly, the algorithm should be able to determine, as accurately as possible, which part of the system is failing, and which kind of fault it is facing. The computation is based on observations, which provide information on the current behaviour. The expression diagnosis also refers to the answer of the question of whether the system is malfunctioning or not, and to the process of computing the answer. This word comes from the medical context where a diagnosis is the process of identifying a disease by its symptoms. Example An example of diagnosis is the process of a garage mechanic with an automobile. The mechanic will first try to detect any abnormal behavior based on the observations on the car and his knowledge of this type of vehicle. If he finds out that the behavior is abnormal, the mechanic will try to refine his diagnosis by using new observations and possibly testing the system, until he discovers the faulty component; the mechanic plays an important role in the vehicle diagnosis. Expert diagnosis The expert diagnosis (or diagnosis by expert system) is based on experience with the system. Using this experience, a mapping is built that efficiently associates the observations to the corresponding diagnoses. The experience can be provided: By a human operator. In this case, the human knowledge must be translated into a computer language. By examples of the system behaviour. In this case, the examples must be classified as correct or faulty (and, in the latter case, by the type of fault). Machine learning methods are then used to generalize from the examples. The main drawbacks of these methods are: The difficulty acquiring the expertise. The expertise is typically only available after a long period of use of the system (or similar systems). Thus, these methods are unsuitable for safety- or mission-critical systems (such as a nuclear power plant, or a robot operating in space). Moreover, the acquired expert knowledge can never be guaranteed to be complete. In case a previously unseen behaviour occurs, leading to an unexpected observation, it is impossible to give a diagnosis. The complexity of the learning. The off-line process of building an expert system can require a large amount of time and computer memory. The size of the final expert system. As the expert system aims to map any observation to a diagnosis, it will in some cases require a huge amount of storage space. The lack of robustness. If even a small modification is made on the system, the process of constructing the expert system must be repeated. A slightly different approach is to build an expert system from a model of the system rather than directly from an expertise. An example is the computation of a diagnoser for the diagnosis of discrete event systems. This approach can be seen as model-based, but it benefits from some advantages and suffers some drawbacks of the expert system approach. Model-based diagnosis Model-based diagnosis is an example of abductive reasoning using a model of the system. In general, it works as follows: We have a model that describes the behaviour of the system (or artefact). The model is an abstraction of the behaviour of the system and can be incomplete. In particular, the faulty behaviour is generally little-known, and the faulty model may thus not be represented. Given observations of the system, the diagnosis system simulates the system using the model, and compares the observations actually made to the observations predicted by the simulation. The modelling can be simplified by the following rules (where is the Abnormal predicate): (fault model) The semantics of these formulae is the following: if the behaviour of the system is not abnormal (i.e. if it is normal), then the internal (unobservable) behaviour will be and the observable behaviour . Otherwise, the internal behaviour will be and the observable behaviour . Given the observations , the problem is to determine whether the system behaviour is normal or not ( or ). This is an example of abductive reasoning. Diagnosability A system is said to be diagnosable if whatever the behavior of the system, we will be able to determine without ambiguity a unique diagnosis. The problem of diagnosability is very important when designing a system because on one hand one may want to reduce the number of sensors to reduce the cost, and on the other hand one may want to increase the number of sensors to increase the probability of detecting a faulty behavior. Several algorithms for dealing with these problems exist. One class of algorithms answers the question whether a system is diagnosable; another class looks for sets of sensors that make the system diagnosable, and optionally comply to criteria such as cost optimization. The diagnosability of a system is generally computed from the model of the system. In applications using model-based diagnosis, such a model is already present and doesn't need to be built from scratch. Bibliography See also Artificial intelligence in healthcare AI effect Applications of artificial intelligence List of emerging technologies Outline of artificial intelligence External links DX workshops DX is the annual International Workshop on Principles of Diagnosis that started in 1989. DX 2014 DX 2013 DX 2012 DX 2011 DX 2010 DX 2009 DX 2008 DX 2007 DX 2006 DX 2005 DX 2004 DX 2003 DX 2002 DX 2001 DX 2000 DX 1999 DX 1998 DX 1997 Artificial intelligence Epistemology
The Epiphone Blackbird is the Epiphone Company's variant of the Gibson Thunderbird bass with a couple of differences. It still has the black hardware, a single on/off switch with no volume or tone knobs, a mahogany body with a flat-black finish, the normal Gibson Thunderbird bridge with an "opti grab" handle added, a 1.5" wide nut, and a similar (if not exactly the same) pickguard. The only differences seem to be a hard maple bolt-on neck and the two "deepsixx" humbucker pickups. This is the signature model of Nikki Sixx of Mötley Crüe's Thunderbird. External links Epiphone Blackbird– Information, and pictures of the Epiphone Blackbird. Epiphone electric bass guitars
Events January January 11 Raider of the Copper Hill by Don Rosa. January 24 – March 18: Hanco Kolk and Peter de Wit host a TV documentary series about cartooning on Teleac, which will often been repeated in the years that follow. Doom Patrol #63: "The Empire of Chairs," Grant Morrison's final issue as Doom Patrol writer. First appearance of Ghost Rider 2099 – The Punisher War Journal # 50 Jan 1993 Asterix and the Class Act, by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo. In the first issue of Dylan Dog gigante, Totentanz, by Tiziano Sclavi and Giampiero Casertano. Beginning of Il segreto del Morisco (The Morisco's secret), the longest Tex Willer story, lasting 6 albums and 586 tables, and strongly influenced by the archaeologic adventures of Indiana Jones and Martin Mystere. February Action Comics, with issue #686, suspends publication following "The Death of Superman." (DC Comics) Clive Barker's Hellraiser is canceled by Epic Comics (Marvel) with issue #20. Hardware #1 (cover-dated April) debuts under Milestone brand. Created by Dwayne McDuffie and Denys Cowan, Hardware is the first character and book published by Milestone to debut. First issue of Palestine by Joe Sacco (Phantagraphic Books). In the magazine Sturmtruppen, fist strip of L'ultima burba (The last newbies) by Leo Ortolani; the series ironizes about the author's experiences as conscript. March March 7: The final episode of the daily comic series Flash Gordon is published. The Sunday comics will continue until 2003. March 15: The New Laird of Castle McDuck by Don Rosa. March 27: The first edition of the Fantasy Anime Comics Toys Space, aka F.A.C.T.S. festival is organized in Ghent, Belgium. DC Comics debuts its new Vertigo imprint with the publication of Death: The High Cost of Living #1. Existing DC titles Swamp Thing #129, Hellblazer #63, Sandman #47, Doom Patrol #64, Animal Man #57, and Shade, the Changing Man #33 all become Vertigo titles as well. Hawkworld canceled by DC with issue #32. Introduction of the hero X in Dark Horse Comics #8. (Dark Horse Comics) Introduction of Deathblow in Darker Image #1 and Stormwatch in Stormwatch #1. (Image Comics) I killer venuti dal buio (The killers from the dark) by Claudio Chiaverotti and Luigi Siniscalchi, with Dylan Dog. April April 1: News is spread that archeologists have found the ancient ruins of Astérix' village. This later turns out to be an April fools' joke. Adventures of Superman #500 (dated "Early June") is released and the Reign of the Supermen! begins with four Supermen. The Martin Mystere's arc called "Italian mysteries" begins with the album Nea Heliopolis, by Alfredo Castelli and Giancarlo Alessandrini; the hero leaves temporarily New York and, for two years, settles in Florence. May May 3: The Terror of the Transvaal, by Don Rosa. Cable is released by Marvel Comics as a monthly title. Peter Parker, Spectacular Spider-Man #200: "Best of Enemies!" by J.M. DeMatteis and Sal Buscema. (Marvel Comics) Web of Spider-Man #100 by Terry Kavanagh, Alex Saviuk and Joe Rubinstein. (Marvel Comics) Nick Fury, Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. is canceled by Marvel with issue #47. The Tick vol. 1 is canceled by New England Comics with issue #12. Marvel's "Maximum Carnage" Spider-Man storyline begins. The first edition of Scott McCloud's book Understanding Comics is published by Tundra Publishing. The book went on to win 1994 Harvey Awards for Best Writer; Best Graphic Album of Original Work; and Best Biographical, Historical, or Journalistic Presentation. It also won the 1994 Eisner Award for Best Comics-Related Book. Le maître dell'illusion (The master of illusion) by André-Paul Duchâteau and Tibet. June June 14: The Dreamtime Duck of the Never Never by Don Rosa. June 29: Cancellation of the Belgian comics magazine Tintin, after nearly half a century of publication. Adventures of Superman #500 by Jerry Ordway, Tom Grummett and Doug Hazlewood. Action Comics, with issue #687, resumes publication after a four-month hiatus following "The Death of Superman" and "Funeral for a Friend" storylines. With issue #51, Justice League Europe changes its name to Justice League International vol. 2. (DC Comics) Malibu Comics launches the Ultraverse line of comics in which it states that "Writers are the true enhancements in comics" (a pointed reference to the trend of publishing and marketing foil-stamped covers). Said writers include Steve Englehart, Gerard Jones, and Steve Gerber. Variant editions of the first issues are published with hologram covers. The conclusion to Marvel Comics' "Infinity Trilogy" is launched with Infinity Crusade. The first episode of Daniel Clowes' Ghost World is prepublished in Eightball. in Italy, first issue of Minni & company, Disney magazine aimed to the female public. Johnny Freak by Tiziano Sclavi and Andrea Venturi, one of the most moving and beloved Dylan Dog's stories. Two Blueberry's albums appear simultaneously: Mission Sherman, by Jean Giraud and William Vance, second chapter of the arc Marshall Blueberry, and Trois hommes pour Atlanta (Three men for Atlanta) by Francois Corteggiani and Colin Wilson, first part of a diptych where a young Blueberry takes part to the battle of Atlanta. July July 12: In Spirou, first chapter of the final La Patrouille des Castors story La Pierre de foudre by Mitacq is published. July 19: The Argonaut Of White Agony Creek by Don Rosa. July 29 : Sonic The Comic launched. in Uncle Scrooge Adventures, Guardians of the Lost Library, by Don Rosa. Premiere issue of Hero Illustrated. The start of the "Summer Offensive" in 2000 AD when control was handed over to Grant Morrison and Mark Millar. With issue #842 the magazine launches a raft of new features, including Really & Truly, Slaughterbowl, Big Dave, and Maniac 5 as well as Morrison's run on Judge Dredd with "Inferno." DC Comics releases Batman #500, in which Azrael becomes the new Batman. Image Comics and Valiant Comics stage an intercompany crossover called Deathmate. Fatal Attractions begins. Fuga da Skynet (Escape from Skynet), by Guido Nolitta, Alfredo Castelli, Stefano and Domenico Di Vitto and Roberto Diso; only team-up of Martin Mystere and Mister No. Sergio Bonelli inaugurates officially the Almanacs series, with the Crime Almanac 1993 (with Nick Raider) and the Science-fiction Almanac 1993 (with Nathan Never); however, the formula (a story with a Bonelli hero, matched with reviews and in-depth articles) had been already experimented since 1987, with the Mystery Almanacs (with Martin Mystere). Doppia identità (Double identity) by Ade Capone and Giancarlo Olivares; first issue of the Lazarus Leed's regular series. Last issue of the Italian magazine Corto Maltese; it contains the short watercolor story Corto a Cordoba, last appearance of the Hugo Pratt's seaman. August 2000 AD "Summer Offensive" draws to a close with issue #849. The New Titans #100: "The Darkening, Part Four: Something Old, Something New, Something Borrowed, Something... Dead," by Marv Wolfman, Tom Grummett, and Bill Jaaska. Deadpool #1 is released by Marvel Comics "The Fall from Grace" storyline debuts in Daredevil #319. Comic book radio show " 'Nuff Said! " debuts on WBAI-FM, New York City, on the 28th as part of Jim Freund's "Hour of the Wolf" science fiction program. First issue of the Italian Disney magazine Paperinik. September The 'Nam is canceled by Marvel with issue #84. September 15: First issue of the Flemish comics magazine Suske en Wiske Weekblad. September 24: First page of Doctor Fun is uploaded on the World Wide Web. October October 14: The theme park built around the comic strip Li'l Abner, Dogpatch USA, closes down. October 16–17: During the Stripdagen in Breda Kamagurka receives the Stripschapprijs. The Jaarprijs voor Bijzondere Verdiensten (nowadays P. Hans Frankfurtherprijs) is awarded to colorist Wilma Leenders. Batman #500: 64-page giant—"Knightfall" chapter 19, written by Doug Moench. Green Lantern takes part in the Reign of the Supermen in issue #46 Mike Carlin and Dan Jurgens relaunch the Metal Men with a four-issue limited series Reed Richards aka Mr. Fantastic "dies" in Fantastic Four #381 Stephen Platt debuts on Moon Knight #55 and becomes extremely popular due to his art style resembling Todd McFarlane. X-Men 2099 #1 – Marvel 2099 The first full colour issue of The Beano, it was issue 2674 dated October 16, 1993. Business blues, by Jean Van Hamme and Philippe Francq. La source et la sonde, by Francois Bourgeon and Claude Lacroix, first album of the Cyann cycle. November November 11: The Billionaire of Dismal Downs, by Don Rosa. November 12: in Gazzetta di Parma, first strip of the series Quelli di Parma (The Parma ones) by Leo Ortolani. Green Lantern #47 marks the reunion of Green Lantern and Green Arrow. Avengers West Coast #100: 64-page anniversary issue; the death of Mockingbird. Wolverine #75 represents a turning point in Wolverine's life as the adamantium is separated from his body by Magneto. Marvel's X-Men "Fatal Attractions" X-Men storyline concludes, only for "Bloodties" to begin. La forteresse invisible (The invisible fortress) – by Jean Van Hamme and Grzegorz Rosiński, nineteenth Thorgal's album. At Lucca Comics, the number zero of Arthur King, parodic sci-fi series by Lorenzo Bartoli and Andrea Domestici, is presented. December Conan the Barbarian is canceled with issue #275 The Punisher (Marvel Comics) debuts the "Suicide Run" storyline with issue #85 "Emerald Twilight" storyline debuts in Green Lantern #48 Hellboy makes his first mainstream comic book appearance, in Next Men #21. Lobo gets a monthly title from DC Comics Malibu Ultraverse launches "Break-Thru," the first company-wide crossover. Last issue of Tiramolla; after forty years, the character leaves definitively the scene. Specific date unknown A tumultuous year in publishing: Topps Comics, Claypool Comics, Alternative Comics, Bongo Comics, Hall of Heroes, Lightning Comics, Azteca Productions, ANIA Publishing, Dagger Enterprises, Majestic Entertainment, Triumphant Comics, and Michael Hunt Publishing all enter the marketplace; while First Comics, Eclipse Comics, Disney Comics, Vortex Comics, Innovation Comics, Personality Comics, Northstar Publishing, and Comic Chronicles all cease publishing. DC Comics introduces its Vertigo, Paradox Press, and Milestone Media imprints. Early webcomics start to appear on the World Wide Web, effectively starting the history of webcomics. Rip Off Press publishes Savage Henry #30, the final issue of volume one of that series. Ted Hearn's Fuzz & Pluck debuts, which will run until 2017. Jan Bucquoy is sued by Morris' estate for making a pornographic parody comic of Lucky Luke. In the Italian magazine Cyborg, AWOP-BOP-ALOOBOP ALOP-BAM-BOOM, by Massimo Mattioli, demented adventures of a cat whose girlfriend has been abducted by the Aliens. Amanda, by Robin Wood and Alfredo Falugi, for Editorial Columbia; serial, inspired by the Nineteenth Century feuilletons, about the adventures of an orphan girl. Spaghetti Bros, by Carlos Trillo and Domingo Mandrafina, saga of five Italo-American brothers in the roaring Twenties. Jean-Pol, Wim Swerts and Luc Van Asten develop a celebrity comic strip based on the popular children's TV show Samson en Gert. It will run until 2005. Births Deaths January January 17: F. O. Alexander, American cartoonist, comics artist (Finney of the Force The Featherheads, continued Hairbreadth Harry) and key contributor to the design of the board game Monopoly, dies at age 95. January 28: Nelson Dias, Portuguese comics artist (Wanya, Escala em Orongo), dies at age 52. Frans Funke Küpper, Dutch comics artist (Thijs Slof), dies at age 84. Jerry Mills, American comic artist (Poppers), dies at age 31. February February 7: Nic Broca, Belgian animator and comics artist (Ovide and the Gang, The Snorks, continued Spirou et Fantasio), dies at age 60. February 9: Jacques Verbeek, Dutch animator and comics artist (De Zippers, Alfred), dies at age 46. February 16: Mal Hancock, American cartoonist and comics artist (Nibbles, Patrick, The Fantastic Foster Fenwick, The Lumpits, Polly, Pig Newton, Malfunction Junction), dies at age 56. February 21: Harvey Kurtzman, American comics artist, writer and publisher (Mad, Two-Fisted Tales, Frontline Combat, Trump, Humbug, Harvey Kurtzman's Jungle Book, Help!, Little Annie Fanny), dies at age 68. March March 3: Bill Draut, American comics artist and animator (Harvey Comics, DC Comics, co-creator of Bee-Man), dies at age 71. March 6: Norman Mansbridge, British comics artist (Fuss Pot), dies at age 82. March 19: Al McWilliams, American comics artist (Twin Earths, Dateline: Danger!), dies at age 77. March 31: Manuel Gonzales, Spanish-American animator and comics artist (continued Mickey Mouse, Disney comics, creator of Ellsworth the mynah bird), dies at age 80. Specific date unknown: Frank Humphris, British comics artist (Riders of the Range, a comic adaptation of the radio serial Riders of the Range, The Devil's Henchmen, Gun Lore, continued Blackbow the Cheyenne), dies at age 82. April April 15: Leslie Charteris, British novelist and comics writer (Secret Agent X-9), dies at age 85. Alberto Giolitti, Italian-American comics artist (worked on Star Trek comics, Tex Willer) and founder of the Giolitti Studios, dies in Rome at age 69. April 20: Charles Degotte, Belgian comics artist (Flagada, Les Motards), commits suicide at the age of 59. April 23: Bertus Aafjes, Dutch novelist, poet and comics writer (Mannetje Bagatel and Kleine Isar, de Vierde Koning with Eppo Doeve, as well as Peter-kersen-eter (1943) and De Vrolijke Vaderlandse Geschiedenis (1948) with Piet Worm.), dies at age 78. May May 10: Bill Ziegler, American comics artist (Annie Oakley, drew for Dell Comics, worked on the comic strip based on Dragnet, worked on Mary Worth), dies at age 67. May 14: Gerda Gattel, American comics letterer and proofreader (DC Comics), dies at age 84. May 30: , American illustrator and cartoonist (Inspector Wade), dies at age 86. May 30: Marge, American comics artist (Little Lulu), dies at age 88. Specific date unknown: Renaud Mader, aka Mad, French comics artist and animator, is found dead at age 26 in a hotel room. June June 6: Albert Micale, American illustrator and comics artist (worked on Roy Rogers comics, Boots and Saddles, Tex Ritter), dies at age 79. June 14: V.T. Hamlin, American comics artist (Alley Oop), dies at age 93. June 18: Claude Pascal, French comics artist (continued L'Oncle Paul, Buck Danny), dies at age 72. June 25: Arturo Moreno, Spanish comics artist and animator (worked for Pulgarcito), dies at age 84. June 30: Ronald Herman Poelmeijer, Dutch Tibetologist (wrote the essay Is Kuifje naar Tibet geweest? (Has Tintin Been To Tibet) about the accuracy of Tintin in Tibet), dies at age 46. July July 12: Tibor Cs. Horváth, Hungarian comics writer and artist ( Roberto és Julika kalandjai), dies at age 67. July 20: George Wolfe, American comics artist (Pops, Citizen George), dies at age 82. July 22: Ivá, Spanish comics artist (Makinavaja, el último chorizo, La Puta Mili), dies at age 52. July 28: Jacques Laudy, Belgian comics artist (Hassan & Kadour, worked for Tintin) and painter, dies at age 86. Specific date unknown: Al Bryant, American comics artist (worked on Gale Allen and Shark Brodie), dies at age 76. August August 7: Jørgen Clevin, Danish TV presenter and comics artist (Rasmus), dies at age 63. August 9: Bob Bugg, American comics artist (The New Neighbors, assisted on Dennis the Menace), dies at age 73. August 21: Arie Teeuwisse, Dutch sculptor, illustrator and comics artist (Kroosje), dies at age 74. September September 1: Neon Park, American album cover designer, illustrator and comics artist (Chemical Wedding, made a comic strip-style design for the album covers of Frank Zappa's Weasels Ripped My Flesh and David Bowie's Images 1966-1967), dies from ALS at age 52. September 9: David Tendlar, American animator and comics artist (worked for Jingle Jangle Comics, Harvey Comics, Paramount Animated Comics), dies at age 84. Specific date unknown: Al Bryant, American comics artist (worked on Gale Allen, Shark Brodie and Doll Man), dies at age 76. October October 3: Miguel Angèl Sayrach, Spanish painter and comics artist (Bibi i Tobi), dies at age 65. October 20: Gaylord DuBois, American comics writer (Tarzan, Red Ryder, The Lone Ranger), dies at age 94. October 28: Jacques Géron, Belgian comics artist (continued Yalek), dies at age 43. October 31: Federico Fellini, Italian film director and occasional comics artist and writer (Giacomino, Cico e Pallina, Geppi La Bimba Atomica, Viaggio a Tulun, Il Viaggio di G. Mastorna), dies of a stroke at age 73. November November 9: Ross Andru, American comics artist and editor (co-creator of Sgt. Rock, worked on The Amazing Spider-Man, The Flash, Metal Men, Superman vs. the Amazing Spider-Man, Wonder Woman), dies at age 66. November 10: Alberto Breccia, Uruguayan-Argentine comics artist (Mort Cinder, Ernie Pike, El Eternauta, Evita, vida y obra de Eva Perón, Martin Fierro), dies at age 74. November 11: John Stanley, American comics writer (Little Lulu), dies at age 79. November 12: Bill Ely, American comics artist (drew various adventure and mystery comics for National Comics Publications), dies at age 80. November 24: Dick Wingert, American comics artist (Hubert), dies at age 74. December December 3: Nelly Donker, Dutch children's book illustrator and comics artist (Tommie Lukkie, Puckie Peen), dies at age 79. December 4: Frank Zappa, American rock musician, composer and comics writer (wrote the script for a 1977 comic strip by Kamagurka ), dies at age 52. December 7: Wim Lensen, Dutch comics artist and colorist (Sim en Pans, worked for Marten Toonder's studio), dies at age 79. December 10: Roland Davies, British comics artist, animator and painter (Come On, Steve, Sparks and Flash, Roddy the Road Scout, Jill Crusoë, continued Sexton Blake and Teddy Tail), dies at age 89. December 12: Franz-Werner Richter-Johnsen, German painter, graphic artist and comics artist (Detektiv Schmidtchen, Taró), dies at age 81. December 21: Zack Mosley, American comics artist (The Adventures of Smilin' Jack), dies at age 87. December 27: Howard Sherman, American comics artist (Tommy Tomorrow), dies at age 84. Specific date unknown Andrea Da Passano, aka DaP, aka Endré, Russian-American comics artist and illustrator (made Laurel & Hardy comics), dies at age 87 or 88. André Jacquemotte, Belgian editorial cartoonist (made a 1951 comic strip about assassinated politician Julien Lahaut), dies at age 67 or 68. Ennio Missaglia, Italian comics writer (wrote for his brother Vladimiro Missaglia), dies at age 62 or 63. Exhibitions May 18 – August 8: "War No More", featuring the artwork of George Pratt, Bill Sienkiewicz, Jack Kirby, John Severin, and Frank Redondo (Words & Pictures Museum, Northampton, Massachusetts) October 8 – October 30: "Comic Power: Underground/Independent Comix U.S.A." (Exit Art/The First World, New York City) — curated by John Carlin and Carlo McCormick; later traveled to the Massachusetts College of Art (Jan. 20, 1994 to Feb. 20), the Vancouver Art Gallery (April 15 to June 15), and the Dunlop Art Gallery (July 7 to Sept. 18) Conventions January 17–18: International Association for Direct Distribution (New Orleans, Louisiana) January 23–24: Great Eastern Conventions I (Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, New York City)—guests include Wendy & Richard Pini, launching their Elfquest '93 tour. March 5–7 Dallas Fantasy Fair I (Dallas, Texas)—first presentation of the Harvey Awards since the death of awards' namesake Harvey Kurtzman; fund-raiser to help pay for the continuance of the award; official guests include Adam West, Donald Simpson, Larry Stroman, Tex Henson, Kerry Gammill, and Shannon Wheeler March 21: WaRP Graphics convention (Liverpool, New York)—organized by Wendy and Richard Pini to benefit the Make-A-Wish Foundation March 31 – April 1: ProCon (Oakland, California)—first professionals-only convention; held right before WonderCon April 2–4: WonderCon (Oakland, California)—7th edition of the convention April 3–4: Great Eastern Conventions II (New York City) April 24–25: GlasCAC (Glasgow City Halls, Glasgow, Scotland)—4th edition of the GlasCAC; presentation of the U.K. Comic Art Awards; guests include Colin MacNeil, Cam Kennedy, Dave Alexander, John Beeston, and Jim Shooter May 3–4: Capital City Trade Show (Madison, Wisconsin)—guests included Dave Sim May 8: Ramapo Comic Con VIII (Ramapo High School, Spring Valley, New York)—guests include Julius Schwartz, José Luis García-López, Jerry Ordway, Frank McLaughlin, Luke McDonnell, Jim Salicrup, Mike Leeke, Evan Dorkin, Mark Chiarello, George Pratt, Lee Weeks, Bob McLeod, Dave Cockrum, Bob Pinaha, John Workman, Rick Parker, Jordan Raskin, Bob Wiacek, Ron Garney, Rachel Pollack, Ken Gale, Mercy Van Vlack, Kurt Schaffenberger, Anthony Tollin, Adrienne Roy, Joe Staton, Bernie Wrightson, Elaine Lee, Doug Moench, Bob Smith, Bob Layton, Michael Davis, Deni Loubert, Ray Lago, Eric Shanower, Kim DeMulder, Rick Bryant, Howard Bender, and M. D. Bright May 16–18: Heroes World Trade Show (Randolph, New Jersey)—guests include Dave Sim June 11–13: Heroes Convention (Charlotte, North Carolina)—guests include Dave Sim June 12–13: Great Eastern Conventions III (Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, New York City) June 18–20: Dallas Fantasy Fair II (Dallas Market Hall Convention Center, Dallas, Texas)—guests include Clive Barker (special guest) and Dave Sim June 25–27: Atlanta Fantasy Fair XIX (Hyatt Atlanta Airport, Atlanta, Georgia)—official guests include David Prowse, Grace Lee Whitney, Caroline Munro, Monique Gabrielle, Jeff Rector, Gunnar Hanson, Irish McCalla July 2–4: Chicago Comicon (Rosemont Convention Center, Rosemont, Illinois)—20,000–30,000 attendees; guest of honor: Neil Gaiman; other guests include Dave Sim July 16–18: Dragon Con Atlanta Comics Expo (Atlanta Hilton & Towers, Atlanta, Georgia)—8,000 attendees; presentation of the Wizard Fan Awards July 17–18: CAPTION93 (Oxford Union Society, Oxford, England) August 7–8: Houston Comic Book Festival (University Center, University of Houston, Houston, Texas)—first annual edition; guests include Chris Claremont, Matt Wagner, Kelley Jones, Joe St. Pierre, Evan Dorkin, and Mike Leeke August 19–22: San Diego Comic-Con (San Diego Convention Center and Doubletree Hotel, San Diego, California)—28,000 attendees. Special guests include Murphy Anderson, Jim Aparo, Peter Bagge, Dan Clowes, Nancy Collins, Paul Dini, Garth Ennis, Ferd Johnson, Rick Kirkman, Don Martin, Olivia, Dave Sim, Vin Sullivan, Michael Whelan, Robert Williams, and Roger Zelazny September 18–19: United Kingdom Comic Art Convention (London, England)—guests include Grant Morrison, Garth Ennis, Rian Hughes, Steve Yeowell, Jill Thompson, Matt Wagner, Alan Grant, and Carlos Ezquerra October 8–11: Comicfest '93 (Philadelphia Civic Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania)—produced by David Greenhill Promotions; guests included Harlan Ellison, Jim Shooter; infamous debate about Image Comics between Peter David and Todd McFarlane, moderated by George Pérez November 13–14: Mid-Ohio Con (Hyatt Regency/Convention Center, Columbus, Ohio)—guests include John Byrne, Mike Mignola, Roger Stern, Dave Sim Awards First annual publication of the Wizard Fan Awards, presented at Dragon*Con. First issues by title Sirius Entertainment Animal Mystic DC Comics Batman: In Darkest Knight Black Canary (vol. 2) Bloodlines Catwoman (vol. 2) Chain Gang War Hawkman (vol. 3) Justice League Task Force Legacy of Superman Lobo Lobo annual Metal Men limited series The Outsiders (vol. 2) Robin monthly series (vol. 2) Showcase 93 Supergirl (vol. 3) Trinity Image Comics 1963 Freak Force Stormwatch Malibu Ultraverse Break-Thru Exiles Freex Hardcase Mantra Prime Sludge Solitaire The Nightman The Solution The Strangers Marvel Comics Deadpool Doom 2099 Midnight Sons Unlimited Night Thrasher Nova (vol. 2) Punisher 2099 Spider-Man Unlimited Transformers: Generation 2 X-Men 2099 X-Men Unlimited Milestone Comics Blood Syndicate Hardware Icon Static Writer: Dwayne McDuffie. Artist: John Paul Leon References
Samuel Hocevar (born 5 August 1978) is a French software and video game developer. He was the project leader of the Debian operating system from 17 April 2007 to 16 April 2008, and one of the founding members of Goatse Security. Biography Hocevar was born in Forbach, Moselle, France. From 1995 to 1997, he took preparatory classes at the Lycée Fabert in Metz, Moselle, France. He graduated in 2002 from École centrale Paris, after receiving the "Award of Information Technology and Communication" from the SNCF as the most promising student in his class. He specialized in electromechanical systems and applied mechatronics, and project management. From 2005 to 2006, Hocevar was a Wikimedia France board member. Hocevar has been active in the Debian project, and was elected Debian project leader on 17 April 2007. Hocevar's Debian leadership platform stated a preference for finishing larger numbers of small projects in succession, echoing the Japanese management philosophy of Kaizen that constant, incremental improvements to a project would generate more gains per unit of time than large single leaps of performance. Hocevar was succeeded by Steve McIntyre on 16 April 2008. Hocevar has also contributed to the VideoLAN project. He has made large contributions to almost all software of the VideoLAN project, especially to VLC media player and libdvdcss, since 1998. He is the author of various free software programs, such as , a data fuzzer, and libcaca, a color ASCII art renderer. He is also the current maintainer of the Extension Language Kit Scheme interpreter, which has found use in many multimedia applications including audio processing. Hocevar has worked on reverse engineering and image processing. He reverse engineered DVD subtitles in 2000, and in 2005, it was found that the DRM software which triggered the Sony BMG CD copy protection scandal had unlawfully pirated open source code from the VideoLAN project which Hocevar was involved in authoring. Hocevar's experience in image processing includes authoring a CAPTCHA decoding framework called PWNtcha. PWNtcha was the first CAPTCHA decoder framework to defeat multiple CAPTCHAs and was referred to as the "most famous" CAPTCHA breaker in a 2009 Stanford University publication. Hocevar authored the WTFPL version 2, an extremely liberal, permissive free software license that is recognized by the Free Software Foundation. He has also been cited for his "whimsical" copyleft activism. Hocevar is part of Goatse Security, an information security working group which revealed a security flaw in AT&T's website, leading to the release of 114,000 email addresses of Apple iPad users. References External links 1978 births Living people People from Forbach French computer programmers Debian Project leaders École Centrale Paris alumni French computer scientists French Wikimedians Apple Design Awards recipients
Form grabbing is a form of malware that works by retrieving authorization and log-in credentials from a web data form before it is passed over the Internet to a secure server. This allows the malware to avoid HTTPS encryption. This method is more effective than keylogger software because it will acquire the user’s credentials even if they are input using virtual keyboard, auto-fill, or copy and paste. It can then sort the information based on its variable names, such as email, account name, and password. Additionally, the form grabber will log the URL and title of the website the data was gathered from. History The method was invented in 2003 by the developer of a variant of a trojan horse called Downloader.Barbew, which attempts to download Backdoor.Barbew from the Internet and bring it over to the local system for execution. However, it was not popularized as a well known type of malware attack until the emergence of the infamous banking trojan Zeus in 2007. Zeus was used to steal banking information by man-in-the-browser keystroke logging and form grabbing. Like Zeus, the Barbew trojan was initially spammed to large numbers of individuals through e-mails masquerading as big-name banking companies. Form grabbing as a method first advanced through iterations of Zeus that allowed the module to not only detect the grabbed form data but to also determine how useful the information taken was. In later versions, the form grabber was also privy to the website where the actual data was submitted, leaving sensitive information more vulnerable than before. Known occurrences A trojan known as Tinba (Tiny Banker Trojan) has been built with form grabbing and is able to steal online banking credentials and was first discovered in 2012. Another program called Weyland-Yutani BOT was the first software designed to attack the macOS platform and can work on Firefox. The web injects templates in Weyland-Yutani BOT were different from existing ones such as Zeus and SpyEye. Another known version is British Airways breach in September 2018. In the British Airways’ case, the organizations’ servers appeared to have been compromised directly, with the attackers modifying one of the JavaScript files (Modernizr JavaScript library, version 2.6.2) to include a PII/credit card logging script that would grab the payment information and send the information to the server controlled by the attacker hosted on “[.]com” domain with an SSL certificate issued by “Comodo” Certificate Authority. The British Airways mobile application also loads a webpage built with the same CSS and JavaScript components as the main website, including the malicious script installed by Magecart. Thus, the payments made using the British Airways mobile app were also affected. Countermeasures Due to the recent increase in keylogging and form grabbing, antivirus companies are adding additional protection to counter the efforts of key-loggers and prevent collecting passwords. These efforts have taken different forms varying from antivirus companies, such as safepay, password manager, and others. To further counter form grabbing, users' privileges can become limited which would prevent them from installing Browser Helper Objects (BHOs) and other form grabbing software. Administrators should create a list of malicious servers to their firewalls. New countermeasures, such as using Out-of-band communication, to circumvent form grabbers and Man-in-the-browser are also emerging; examples include FormL3SS.; those that circumvent the threat use a different communication channel to send the sensitive data to the trusted server. Thus, no information is entered on the compromised device. Alternative Initiatives such as Fidelius use added hardware to protect the input/output to the compromised or believed compromised device. See also Keystroke logging Malware Trojan horse Web security exploits Computer insecurity Internet privacy Tiny Banker Trojan References Hacking (computer security) Types of malware Web security exploits
The Hippocrates Project is a program of the New York University Medical Center which works with modern technologies to "enhance the learning process". It was established in 1987, presumably named after the ancient Greek physician Hippocrates. History The Hippocrates Project began In 1987 in an unused microbiology laboratory by six medical students (Alan Simon, M.D.; Howard M. Karpoff, MD and others) and one member of the faculty, Martin Nachbar, MD (1937-2015). It was one of the early adopters of the use of computers and multimedia in education. Courseware was created, such as a computerized atlas of Histology in HyperCard and a multidimensional Neuroanatomy Atlas using SuperCard. Software expanded to include other courseware, digitized video, and 3-d simulations of surgery, such as Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy. The Hippocrates Project also created early versions of the electronic medical record. As of 1997, the Hippocrates Project is officially an Educational Computing Division (ECD). Accomplishments Hippocrates has produced over 100 "medical education modules", most of which are used in NYU curricula as exercises or as educational resources. These "modules" may be "expository presentations, laboratory simulations, self-assessment and testing programs, three-dimensional anatomic reconstructions, animations, virtual reality environments, case studies, and databases". The Hippocrates Project also provides email services, hosts websites, grades examinations by computer and automates course surveys. References External links Home page New York University 1987 establishments in New York City
The primary–secondary quality distinction is a conceptual distinction in epistemology and metaphysics, concerning the nature of reality. It is most explicitly articulated by John Locke in his Essay concerning Human Understanding, but earlier thinkers such as Galileo and Descartes made similar distinctions. Primary qualities are thought to be properties of objects that are independent of any observer, such as solidity, extension, motion, number and figure. These characteristics convey facts. They exist in the thing itself, can be determined with certainty, and do not rely on subjective judgments. For example, if an object is spherical, no one can reasonably argue that it is triangular. Primary qualities as mentioned earlier, exist outside of the observer. They inhere to an object in such a way that if the object was changed, e.g. divided (if the object is divisible; a sphere is not, since dividing a sphere would result in two non-spheres), the primary qualities would remain. When dividing a divisible object, “solidity, extension, figure, and mobility” would not be altered because the primary qualities are built into the object itself. Another key component of primary qualities is that they create ideas in our minds through experience; they represent the actual object. Because of this, primary qualities such as size, weight, solidity, motion, and so forth can all be measured in some form. Using an apple as an example, the shape and size can actually be measured and produce the idea in our minds of what the object is. A clear distinction to make is that qualities do not exist in the mind, rather they produce ideas in our minds and exist within the objects. In the case of primary qualities, they exist inside the actual body/substance and create an idea in our mind that resembles the object. Secondary qualities are thought to be properties that produce sensations in observers, such as color, taste, smell, and sound. They can be described as the effect things have on certain people. Secondary qualities use the power of reflection in order to be perceived by our minds. These qualities “would ordinarily be said to be only a power in rather than a quality of the object”. They are sensible qualities that produce different ideas in our mind from the actual object. Going back to the example of the aforementioned apple, something such as the redness of the apple does not produce an image of the object itself, but rather the idea of red. Secondary qualities are used to classify similar ideas produced by an object. That is why when we see something “red” it is only “red” in our minds because they produce the same idea as another object. So, going back to the color of the apple, it produces an idea of red, which we classify and identify with other red ideas. Again, secondary qualities do not exist inside the mind; they are simply the powers that allow us to sense a certain object and thus ‘reflect’ and classify similar ideas. According to the theory, primary qualities are measurable aspects of physical reality; secondary qualities are subjective. History "By convention there are sweet and bitter, hot and cold, by convention there is color; but in truth there are atoms and the void" —Democritus, Fragment 9. "I think that tastes, odors, colors, and so on are no more than mere names so far as the object in which we locate them are concerned, and that they reside only in the consciousness. Hence if the living creature were removed, all these qualities would be wiped away and annihilated" —Galileo Galilei, The Assayer (published 1623). "[I]t must certainly be concluded regarding those things which, in external objects, we call by the names of light, color, odor, taste, sound, heat, cold, and of other tactile qualities, [...]; that we are not aware of their being anything other than various arrangements of the size, figure, and motions of the parts of these objects which make it possible for our nerves to move in various ways, and to excite in our soul all the various feelings which they produce there." —René Descartes, Principles of Philosophy (published 1644/1647). "For the rays, to speak properly, are not coloured. In them there is nothing else than a certain power and disposition to stir up a sensation of this or that colour." —Isaac Newton, Optics (3rd ed. 1721, original in 1704). Criticism Leibniz Gottfried Leibniz was an early critic of the distinction, writing in his 1686 Discourse on Metaphysics that "[i]t is even possible to demonstrate that the ideas of size, figure and motion are not so distinctive as is imagined, and that they stand for something imaginary relative to our perceptions as do, although to a greater extent, the ideas of color, heat, and the other similar qualities in regard to which we may doubt whether they are actually to be found in the nature of the things outside of us." Berkeley George Berkeley wrote his famous critique of this distinction in his book Three Dialogues between Hylas and Philonous. Berkeley maintained that the ideas created by sensations are all that people can know for sure. As a result, what is perceived as real consists only of ideas in the mind. The crux of Berkeley's argument is that once an object is stripped of all its secondary qualities, it becomes very problematic to assign any acceptable meaning to the idea that there is some object. Not that one cannot picture to oneself (in one's mind) that some object could exist apart from any perceiver — one clearly can do this — but rather, that one cannot give any content to this idea. Suppose that someone says that a particular mind-independent object (meaning, an object free of all secondary qualities) exists at some time and some place. Now, none of this particularly means anything if one cannot specify a place and time. In that case it's still a purely imaginary, empty idea. This is not generally thought to be a problem because realists imagine that they can, in fact, specify a place and time for a 'mind-independent' object. What is overlooked is that they can only specify a place and time in place and time as we experience them. Berkeley did not doubt that one can do this, but that it is objective. One has simply related ideas to experiences (the idea of an object to our experiences of space and time). In this case there is no space and time, and therefore no objectivity. Space and time as we experience them are always piecemeal (even when the piece of space is big, as in some astronomical photos), it is only in imagination that they are total and all-encompassing, which is how we definitely imagine (!) 'real' space and time as being. This is why Berkeley argued that the materialist has merely an idea of an unperceived object: because people typically do take our imagining or picturing, as guaranteeing an objective reality to the 'existence' of 'something'. In no adequate way has it been specified nor given any acceptable meaning. As such Berkeley comes to his conclusion that having a compelling image in the mind, one which connects to no specifiable thing external to us, does not guarantee an objective existence. Hume David Hume also criticized the distinction, although for reasons altogether fairly similar to those of Berkeley and Leibniz. In Book 1, Part 4 of A Treatise of Human Nature, he argues that we have no impressions of primary qualities at all, but rather only various impressions that we tend to group together into some particular mind-independent quality. Thus, according to Hume, primary qualities collapse into secondary qualities, making the distinction far less helpful than it first might have seemed. Kant Immanuel Kant, in his Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics That Will Be Able to Present Itself as a Science, claimed that primary, as well as secondary, qualities are subjective. They are both mere appearances that are located in the mind of a knowing observer. In § 13, Remark II, he wrote: "Long before Locke's time, but assuredly since him, it has been generally assumed and granted without detriment to the actual existence of external things, that many of their predicates may be said to belong not to the things in themselves, but to their appearances, and to have no proper existence outside our representation. Heat, color, and taste, for instance, are of this kind. Now, if I go farther, and for weighty reasons rank as mere appearances the remaining qualities of bodies also, which are called primary, such as extension, place, and in general space, with all that which belongs to it (impenetrability or materiality, space, etc.)—no one in the least can adduce the reason of its being inadmissible." This follows directly from Kant's transcendental idealism, according to which space and time are mere forms of intuition, which means that any quality that can be attributed to the spatiotemporal objects of experience must be a quality of how things appear to us rather than of how things are in themselves. Thus, while Kant did not deny the existence of objects beyond all possible experience, he did deny the applicability of primary quality terms to things in themselves. See also Critical realism Empiricism Logical positivism Phenomenology Qualia Unobservables References Concepts in epistemology Concepts in metaphysics Quality Conceptual distinctions Philosophy of perception
In computer chess, and in other games that computers play, late move reductions is a non-game-specific enhancement to the alpha–beta algorithm and its variants which attempts to examine a game search tree more efficiently. It uses the assumption that good game-specific move ordering causes a program to search the most likely moves early. If a cut-off is going to happen in a search, the first few moves are the ones most likely to cause them. In games like chess, most programs search winning captures and "killer moves" first. Late move reductions will reduce the search depth for moves searched later at a given node. This allows the program to search deeper along the critical lines, and play better. Most chess programs will search the first several moves at a node to full depth. Often, they do not reduce moves considered to be very tactical, such as captures or promotions. If the score of the move at a reduced depth is smaller than the alpha, the move is assumed to be bad. However, if the score is larger than alpha, the reduced search tells us nothing so we will have to do a full search (fail-low). This search reduction can lead to a different search space than the pure alpha–beta method which can give different results. Care must be taken to select the reduction criteria or the search will miss some deep threats. External links An Introduction to Late Move Reductions Computer chess Search algorithms
Tekelec, Inc. was a Morrisville, North Carolina based telecommunications company. It developed hardware and software for networks that are fixed, wireless, or packet-based. It provided IP services to help mobile carriers with network signaling, policy control, and subscriber data management. The company, founded in Calabasas, California in 1971, was acquired by Oracle in 2013, from Siris Capital Group. Corporate history Founding by Jean-Claude Asscher In 1961, Jean-Claude Asscher founded Tekelec-Airtronic, SA, a French electronics company with emphasis on the aviation industry. In 1977, Tekelec, Inc. was founded as a sales office for Tekelec-Airtronic. Tekelec was then founded in 1979 by Philip Black and Jean-Claude Asscher, half owned by Tekelec-Airtronic but still independent. It was founded as a North American company specializing in telecommunications products, such as telecommunications test and network simulation equipment. It was based in Santa Monica, California Tekelec was initially financed by proceeds earned by Jean-Claude Asscher through Tekelec-Airtronic. The Company moved to Calabasas, CA in 1984. For many years, Jean-Claude Asscher was president, CEO, and chairman of the board of directors of both Tekelec-Airtronic and Tekelec. In recent years Jean-Claude Asscher has served as only chairman of Tekelec's board of directors while continuing to be the president of Tekelec-Airtronic's board of directors as well as its chairman. Tekelec, Inc.’s IPO was in May 1986 on NASDAQ under the symbol TKLC. CEO Phillip Black, COO Michael Leigh, CFO Phillip Alford. Philip Black spinoff and going public Asscher found Philip Black, in the early 1980s, who was tasked with re-creating the U.S Tekelec company so that could successfully sell Tekelec Airtronic products in the U.S., or create their own testing products. Philip Black assembled a core crew of people, and his team created, marketed and sold the protocol simulator analyzers, named Chameleon and Chameleon II which fueled the sales of Tekelec for over 10 years. Tekelec successfully competed with two pre-existing competitors, Atlantic Research and Idacom, to become the dominant player in this specific type of test equipment. The company went public in the mid-1980s. Tekelec later transitioned to operating equipment in the form of Signalling System 7 products, under the initial lead of Peter Vicars, who followed Philip Black as CEO. In 1985, Tekelec established a subsidiary in Tokyo, Japan. In 1986 the company went public. Peter N Vicars as CEO Peter N Vicars joined Tekelec and served as its President and Chief Executive Officer from July 1987 until January 1994. During this tenure revenues increased from $13M to $58M while maintaining six years of double digit profitability within its core business of testing solutions which represented 85% of corporate revenues. Vicars acquired and integrated a leading SS7 company (Protocol Technologies) to strengthen Tekelec's market position in cellular and switching technology. Based on that acquisition, Vicars guided the entry into a new market for the corporation. The Eagle platform and revenues grew to $12 million over the first year of product shipments. Vicars is also credited for implementing an expense reduction program, due to the switching product startup development and initial market entry costs, which returned the corporation to profitability. In March 1992, the company created the subsidiary Tekelec Canada. In March 1998, Michael L. Margolis became CEO. In 2001, T-Mobile Germany signed a deal with Tekelec. In February 2003, Frederick M. Lax became CEO. In May 2003, Tekelec said it would buy a controlling share of Santera, therefore creating a subsidiary to sell products such as softswitches, media gateways, and signaling gateways. Tekelec opened a subsidiary in India in 2004. In 2004, Tekelec acquired the softswitch company Taqua Systems in Richardson, Texas for $85 million in cash. At the time, Tekelec remained based in Calabasas, California under CEO Fred Lax. Lax said that Taqua's focus on small Class 5 switches would complement Tekelec's business in Santera Class 4 packet switch businesses. In August 2005, Tekelec agreed to buy Steleus Group for $65 million. The deal added switches to Tekelec's product offerings. Ronald J. de Lange Ronald J. de Lange joined Tekelec in July 2005 and served as executive vice president Global Business Solutions before being promoted to CEO in May 2011. On August 3, 2005, Tekelec purchased German and Czech-based iptelorg GmbH, developer of leading-edge Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) routing software, securing a critical IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS) capability for Tekelec. Franco (Frank) Plastina Franco Plastina joined Tekelec as president and CEO and as a director in February 2006, taking over from former CEO Fred Lax. Lax had resigned in January 2006, when Tekelec relocated its headquarters from California to Cary. Plastina stepped down from his position as President and CEO of Tekelec in January 2011 following poor results where sales of the main product line, Eagle, dropped off much more sharply than expected, before replacement products (such as policy) became fully available. Krish Prabhu, a member of the Board of Directors, was appointed Interim President and CEO. In April 2006, Tekelec sold its subsidiary IEX Corporation for $200 million. In May 2006, the company said it had restated its financial results for 2003, 2004, and 2005 after accounting errors were found. Acquisitions In 2008, Tekelec's number portability solution was deployed in carriers serving 750 million subscribers, out of more than two billion global subscribers who had number porting capability and as of March 2009, Tekelec had 79 number portability customers in 28 countries, and most recently announced delivery of number portability solutions to T-Mobile Germany. On February 5, 2008, Tekelec acquired substantially all of the assets of Estacado Systems, LLC, a software development company led by a team that has been instrumental in the creation of Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) and a number of its advanced features. December 17, 2008: Tekelec acquired mBalance, a Netherlands-based developer of mobile messaging solutions, for US$38 million. In May 2011, about 65% of staff were laid off and over the following year most of the remainder departed, being replaced by contractors; the company has since been resold. In early May 2010, Tekelec acquired the company Camiant and the subscriber data management (SDM) company Blueslice Networks. Frank Plastine was Tekelec's CEO at the time. Shareholder class action lawsuit On January 6, 2011 a securities fraud class action lawsuit was filed on behalf of Tekelec investors. The lawsuit alleges that Tekelec misled the investing public about its business dealings in emerging markets (namely India), thereby inflating the price of TKLC stock. The lawsuit claims that these misleading statements made by Tekelec amount to a violation of US securities laws, and caused significant financial losses to holders of Tekelec stock. The share price in Q4 2010 ran at about 18 dollars. By the start of Q2 2011, the share price ran at about 7.75 dollars. In November 2011, investors led by Siris Capital Group agreed to buy Tekelec for $780 million, making the company private. At the time, Tekelec was based in Morrisville, North Carolina, with CEO Ron de Lange. On January 27, 2012, Tekelec announced the completion of its acquisition by a consortium led by Siris Capital Group, LLC ("Siris") and including affiliates of The ComVest Group, funds and accounts managed by GSO Capital Partners LP, Sankaty Advisors LLC, ZelnickMedia and other Siris limited partners and affiliates, in a transaction valued at approximately $780 million. Acquisition by Oracle On March 25, 2013, Oracle announced that it had entered into an agreement to acquire Tekelec. Tekelec joined the Oracle Communications unit. Recognition In March 2011, Tekelec's Diameter Signaling Router was recognized by the Frost & Sullivan "New Product Innovation Award, Diameter Routing" for its superior ability to help operators overcome Diameter signaling challenges in LTE networks. Frost & Sullivan independently identified Diameter Routing as a new award category due to at least 60 LTE networks anticipated to be in commercial service by the end of 2012, creating "rapid uptake in Diameter signaling." In October 2010, it was announced that MetroPCS selected Tekelec's Diameter Signaling Router for deployment in the first U.S. LTE network. In June 2012, Tekelec was awarded Most Innovative Company by Pipeline Publishing's Innovation Awards. A panel of service providers and industry analysts selected Tekelec as the company that best embraces and promotes innovation throughout its organization. Industry research and consultancy firm Analysys Mason named Tekelec as the global market leader with 35 percent market share of real-time connection number portability solutions. References External links Information about the Tekelec Class Action Lawsuit 1971 establishments in California 2013 disestablishments in North Carolina 2013 mergers and acquisitions American companies established in 1971 American companies disestablished in 2013 Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq Computer companies established in 1971 Computer companies disestablished in 2013 Defunct companies based in North Carolina Defunct computer companies of the United States Oracle acquisitions Telecommunications equipment vendors
Batyr (May 24, 1970 – August 26, 1993) was an Asian elephant claimed to be able to use a large amount of meaningful human speech. Living in a zoo in Kazakhstan in the Soviet Union, Batyr was reported as having a vocabulary of more than 20 phrases. A recording of Batyr saying "Batyr is good", his name and using words such as drink and give was played on Kazakh state radio and on the Soviet Central Television programme Vremya in 1980. Like all cases of talking animals, these claims are subject to the observer-expectancy effect. Biography Born on May 24, 1970, at Almaty Zoo, Batyr lived his entire life in the Karaganda Zoo at Karaganda in Kazakhstan. He died in 1993. Batyr was the offspring of once-wild Indian elephants (a subspecies of the Asian elephant) and was the second child of his mother, Palm, (1959–1998) and father, Dubas, (1959–1978) presented to Kazakhstan's Almaty Zoo by the Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru. The first baby elephant (Batyr's elder brother) was killed by his mother immediately after birth on May 15, 1968. Abilities Batyr, whose name is a Turkic word meaning 'dashing equestrian', 'man of courage' or 'athlete', was first alleged to speak just before New Year's Day in the winter of 1977 when he was seven years old. Zoo employees were the first to notice his "speech", but he soon delighted zoo-goers at large by appearing to ask his attendants for water and regularly praising or (infrequently) chastising himself. By 1979, his fame as the "speaking elephant" had spread in the wake of various mass-media stories about his abilities, many containing considerable fabrication and wild conjecture. Batyr's case was also included in several books on animal behaviour, and in the proceedings of several scientific conferences. These developments drew a spate of zoo visitors, and brought the offer of an exchange—Batyr for a rare bonobo—from the Czechoslovak Circus; an offer rejected by the zoo's employees. A. N. Pogrebnoj-Aleksandroff, a young worker at the zoo who studied Batyr's abilities and wrote many publications about him, said of the elephant: Batyr, on the level of natural blares, [Batyr] said words (including human slang) by manipulating his trunk. By putting the trunk in his mouth, pressing a tip of the trunk to the bottom of the jaw and manipulating the tongue, [the elephant] said words. Besides, being in a corner of the cage (frequently at night) with the trunk softly hanging down, the elephant said words almost silently—a sound comparable with the sound of ultrasonic devices used against mosquitoes or the peep of mosquitoes, which human hearing hears well until approximately the age of 40. While pronouncing words, only the tip of the elephant's trunk is clamped inside [the mouth] and Batyr made subtle movements with a finger-shaped shoot on the trunk tip". Various audiovisual recordings were made during Pogrebnoj-Aleksandroff's studies of Batyr and some of these have been transferred to Russia's Moscow State University for further study. Death Batyr died in 1993 when zookeepers accidentally gave him an overdose of sedatives. His death was reported worldwide. Lexicon It is claimed that Batyr had a vocabulary of about 20 words in the Russian and Kazakh languages. He reportedly imitated the sounds of other animals, and uttered short phrases including words of human slang. Batyr's lexicon list was compiled from audiovisual records, scientific researches and statistical data from eyewitnesses who heard the elephant themselves. Individual and disputable sounds were not considered. All other words as reported by the media were treated as fiction, second-hand and interpretations of retellings. For example, the phrase heard from Batyr as water was reported as "the elephant asked to drink". Full list of words and phrases reported to have been spoken by Batyr: Using trunk in mouth: : 'Batyr', said abruptly; : 'I'm', said very abruptly, in combination with his name, using long pronunciation; I'm-Batyr sounded almost together; : 'Batyr', said thoughtfully-tenderly and lingeringly; …: 'Batyr, Batyr, Batyr', joyfully running in a cage; : , an affectionate version of the name Batyr; : 'water', a request; : 'good', as in good fellow; : 'good Batyr'; : 'Oh-yo', sonorously; : 'fool', seldom and abruptly; : 'bad', rarely; : 'bad Batyr', rarely; : 'go'; : 'go to hell', obscene Russian phrase; said for the first and only time during a telecast shooting; : Russian curse word for 'penis', seldom and abruptly; : short form of 'grandmother'; short children's sound ; : 'yes'; : 'give (me)'; : 'give, give, give'; : 'one, two, three', while dancing, turning and hopping. Other sounds: A human-like whistle; Human speech allegedly uttered at infrasonic and ultrasonic frequencies; A gnashing sound imitative of rubber or polyfoam (foam plastic) on glass; The peep of rats or mice; The bark of dogs; The natural trumpeting of elephants. Press Reporter Richard Beeston in Moscow wrote the article "Soviet Zoo Has Talking Elephant": Publication Scientific Scientific conference, Agricultural Institute, Tselinograd, in Kazakhstan, 1983–1989 The International Practical Science conference for the anniversary of Moscow Zoo, in Russia, 1984 The International Practical Science conference for the anniversary of the Almaty Zoo, in Kazakhstan, 1987 The International Practical Science conference in Tallinn, Estonia, 1989 The International zoological conference; Institute of Zoology — Academy of Science, Ukraine, 1989 The International Practical Science conference for the 125 anniversary of Leningrad Zoo, Saint Petersburg, Russia, 1990 In books The True History or Who is Talking? An Elephant!, Dr. A. Pogrebnoj-Alexandroff, 1979-1993. Reincarnation-Перевоплощение, Dr. A. Pogrebnoj-Alexandroff, 2001. Speaking Animals, A. Dubrov, 2001. Speaking Birds and Animals, O. Silaeva, V. Ilyichev, A. Dubrov, 2005. Media Student documentary film: Who speaks? The elephant… — VGIK — Moscow (USSR) Audio recording of Batyr's voice by scientist and writer Dr. A. Pogrebnoj-Alexandroff (1979–1983) See also Kosik (elephant) Alex (parrot) Talking birds Talking animal N'kisi Koko (gorilla) Washoe (chimpanzee) Animal language List of individual elephants References 1970 animal births 1993 animal deaths Ethology Individual elephants Talking animals Zoos in Kazakhstan Karaganda Individual animals in Kazakhstan
Usk Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in the historic town of Usk in South Wales. Usk RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons. Usk RFC's first recorded rugby match was against Newport in 1874. It is believed that rugby has been played in Usk from that date apart from during the two World Wars when official rugby ceased to be played in Wales. An ad first appeared on 17/12/1859 in "The Illustrated Usk Observer and Raglan Herald", where someone by the name of "A LOVER OF FOOTBALL" suggested the formation of an USK FOOTBALL CLUB. References Rugby union teams in Wales Rugby clubs established in 1874 Sport in Monmouthshire 1874 establishments in Wales
Touché: The Adventures of the Fifth Musketeer is a point-and-click graphic adventure game developed by the Clipper Software. The game takes place in 1562, during the French Wars of Religion, when France was being polarized between the Catholics and Huguenots and expected an assault from the English. The protagonist is Geoffroi Le Brun who is recruited to a company of musketeers (the historical Musketeers of the Guard were not created until 1622) in Rouen. The adventure continues through France including St. Quentin, Le Mans, Amiens and Le Havre. Gameplay Touché is a typical context-based point-and-click adventure game. The player character moves around by clicking on the selected spot on the landscape. Certain objects have their own set of commands, each causing Geoffroi to behave accordingly. Most puzzles require the combination of an acquired item with an object in the environment. After the solving of certain puzzles, it can unlock new locations, whereby the player can use the travel map to see what new areas they may be able to go to. Plot As Geoffroi arrives to Rouen, he witnesses the murder of William de Peuple, Compte d'Itee, whose will and testament was stolen. He promises to the dying Compte to find his stolen will and deliver it to Paris, bequeathing his castle to the Chancellor. Early on he meets Henri, a crook who stood nearby posing as a blind beggar during the murder, and is forced to hire him as his manservant. He follows the band who murdered the Compte in a tavern but he is hit, allowing them to escape. During his stay there he falls in love with Juliette, a selfish and promiscuous maiden who is courted by D'Artagnan. Geoffroi learns that a suspicious man who paid with "Spanish coins" left for St. Quentin. He goes there, and in the Cathedral of "St. Greavsie" he meets Louis, the "Cardinal of Guise"; he informs him that his brother, Francis, the Duke of Guise is preparing to lead the French forces against an English assault and de Peuple's castle is to defend the way from Le Havre. While there, he also meets a poet named Alexandre Dumas who composes a love poem for Juliette. On his way, Geoffroi learns that the murderer never reached St. Quentin as he suffered from food poisoning and stopped in the closest monastery in Amiens. Geoffroi attempts to arrest him but the murderer escapes, leaving behind the will, which Geoffroi recovers. But on his way back to Rouen, he is robbed by a highwayman. Geoffroi traces the criminal to Le Mans, and a florist shop housing an underground network of illegal gambling and prostitution; it ends up that the highwayman lost the will to a card game, and it was in turn stolen by gypsy bandits. Dressed as the highwayman, Geoffroi is captured by the gypsies but manages to trade for the will. In Paris, Geoffroi finds Le Louvre which houses the office of the Chancellor of France; seeing that he is acquainted with Juliette's sister, he seeks her help to make an appointment with him and deliver the will. But then, Cardinal Louis arrives and claims the will, revealing that he is interested in the magic books in de Peuple's castle. Geoffroi then goes to join with his regiment in Le Havre, trying to hold the English forces; he meets a contact who provides them with maps of the enemy lines. Geoffroi returns to the Rouen and the Cathedral and witnesses the Cardinal attempting to start a magick ceremony involving the remains of Charles V of France. Geoffroi switches the lids of the tombs of Charles V and Richard the Lionheart, and when the Cardinal returns, he recovers the remains of Richard. Later Geoffroi meets an inventor, "Michelangelo da Vinci" who claims he is the nephew of Leonardo; with Geoffroi's help, he completes a steam boat, with which he sails the Seine and arrives to the castle of de Peuple. Geoffroi finds the Duke of Guise holding a feast and Juliette forcing to serve the drinks. With her help, they poison the participants, causing them to leave for the restroom. Geoffroi finds a secret passage and confronts the Cardinal who attempts to create an undead army to save France and then rule it. The ritual fails as he uses the remains of the wrong King. Geoffroi releases the hypnotized Juliette and Henri, and force the Cardinal and his men to jump into the Seine. De Peuple's will mentions a lost son who has a strawberry birthmark. Geoffroi, an orphan, believes that he is the heir, but Henri reveals he has the birthmark on the correct spot, inheriting the castle and Juliette staying with him. The game ends with Henri and Julliette bragging about their riches, with an annoyed Geoffroi lamenting his misfortune. Technical details Touché was developed in the "Touché" game engine. It is supported by the ScummVM virtual engine. It was also released as a CD-ROM version with full voiceover. Reception German magazine High Score awarded the game a 100/100 comparing it with The Dig and Simon the Sorcerer. Quandary described it an "enjoyable adventure" comparing it to Monkey Island giving it 80/100. Adventurearchiv praised its humor but criticized the lengthy, uninterruptable travel sequences, and the quality of some jokes and puzzles. Just Adventure praised the "terrific story worthy of Alexandre Dumas". These reviews gave a 76 and 75 score respectively. Aventura y Cía said that the game could be called "Monkey Island 3", because of the similarity to the Monkey Island games, remarking that it doesn't reach the quality of similar productions, giving a score of 60. Reset gave the game a score of 50, criticizing the character creation and the soundtrack, calling the game outdated. See also The Three Musketeers, 1844 novel by Alexander Dumas Igor: Objective Uikokahonia Notes References External links 1995 video games Adventure games DOS games Point-and-click adventure games ScummVM-supported games U.S. Gold games Video games scored by Ben Daglish Video games set in the 16th century Video games set in France Video games set in Paris Windows games Video games developed in the United Kingdom
A production artist is a technical and creative position in a creative profession. The job title originated at advertising agencies, assigning what was known as paste-up work (now prepress production) to the position. Production artists work closely with the designer and art director to execute the design. What distinguishes "production art" from design is opportunities to utilize prepress knowledge into creativity and design training in the work involved. The degree of technical knowledge required for some production art work may be comparable to higher skilled engineering, especially with computers. The position was once exclusive to print media electronic media such as web pages and CD-ROMs. Skill requirements for a production artist are creative, print production, and working knowledge in using art software of creative industries. Job descriptions for production artists are usually tailored to a company's specific needs. Alternate job titles such as multimedia specialist have been used to expand the role of production artists to multimedia development. Entry level multimedia work may include data entry or basic skill level programming tasks. In companies that provide mass printing on paper, novelty items, and out-of-home advertising printing, this position requires an encyclopedic knowledge of pre-press and printing standards through variety of methods. In such companies, it is often a higher paid position than a junior graphic designer or desktop publisher, as it requires more specific knowledge than gathering digital assets and exporting files to standardized image file formats or page description languages such as Adobe Portable Document Format. Per Comic Book historian Mark Evanier, in that industry the position generally has involved into "lettering corrections, art touch-ups, laying out advertising and other editorial material and generally doing whatever in the office required the services of someone who could draw a little." Production assistant is a similar position in the film industry. References Printing occupations Advertising occupations
In computer science and software engineering, Alloy is a declarative specification language for expressing complex structural constraints and behavior in a software system. Alloy provides a simple structural modeling tool based on first-order logic. Alloy is targeted at the creation of micro-models that can then be automatically checked for correctness. Alloy specifications can be checked using the Alloy Analyzer. Although Alloy is designed with automatic analysis in mind, Alloy differs from many specification languages designed for model-checking in that it permits the definition of infinite models. The Alloy Analyzer is designed to perform finite scope checks even on infinite models. The Alloy language and analyzer are developed by a team led by Daniel Jackson at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the United States. History and influences The first version of the Alloy language appeared in 1997. It was a rather limited object modeling language. Succeeding iterations of the language "added quantifiers, higher arity relations, polymorphism, subtyping, and signatures". The mathematical underpinnings of the language were heavily influenced by the Z notation, and the syntax of Alloy owes more to languages such as Object Constraint Language. The Alloy Analyzer The Alloy Analyzer was specifically developed to support so-called "lightweight formal methods". As such, it is intended to provide fully automated analysis, in contrast to the interactive theorem proving techniques commonly used with specification languages similar to Alloy. Development of the Analyzer was originally inspired by the automated analysis provided by model checkers. However, model-checking is ill-suited to the kind of models that are typically developed in Alloy, and as a result the core of the Analyzer was eventually implemented as a model-finder built atop a boolean SAT solver. Through version 3.0, the Alloy Analyzer incorporated an integral SAT-based model-finder based on an off-the-shelf SAT-solver. However, as of version 4.0 the Analyzer makes use of the Kodkod model-finder, for which the Analyzer acts as a front-end. Both model-finders essentially translate a model expressed in relational logic into a corresponding boolean logic formula, and then invoke an off-the-shelf SAT-solver on the boolean formula. In the event that the solver finds a solution, the result is translated back into a corresponding binding of constants to variables in the relational logic model. In order to ensure the model-finding problem is decidable, the Alloy Analyzer performs model-finding over restricted scopes consisting of a user-defined finite number of objects. This has the effect of limiting the generality of the results produced by the Analyzer. However, the designers of the Alloy Analyzer justify the decision to work within limited scopes through an appeal to the small scope hypothesis: that a high proportion of bugs can be found by testing a program for all test inputs within some small scope. Model structure Alloy models are relational in nature, and are composed of several different kinds of statements: Signatures define the vocabulary of a model by creating new sets sig Object{} defines a signature Object sig List{ head : lone Node } defines a signature List that contains a field head of type Node and multiplicity lone - this establishes the existence of a relation between Lists and Nodes such that every List is associated with no more than one head Node Facts are constraints that are assumed to always hold Predicates are parameterized constraints, and can be used to represent operations Functions are expressions that return results Assertions are assumptions about the model Because Alloy is a declarative language the meaning of a model is unaffected by the order of statements. References External links Alloy website Alloy Github Repository Guide to Alloy Kodkod analysis engine website at MIT An Alloy Metamodel in Ecore Formal methods tools Satisfiability problems Massachusetts Institute of Technology software Computer-related introductions in 1997 Formal specification languages Z notation
The Analog Expansion Bus is a hardware bus that was designed by Dialogic for interfacing DTI/124, D/4x, AMX and other voice response component boards which fit in an AT-expansion slot of a personal computer. References Computer buses
Archive Corporation was a computer tape drive manufacturer, based in Costa Mesa, California, that was acquired by Conner Peripherals in 1993. History The company was founded in 1980 and based out of Costa Mesa, California. The company employed 3,367 in 1990 and reached revenues of US$293 million in that year, up from $79 million in 1986. Of particular note are the Archive DDS tape drives produced for Silicon Graphics that could also read and write Digital Audio Tapes: the Archive Python 4320 and the Archive Peregrine 4326 (rebranded under Conner or Seagate). Prior to this, Archive was a leading vendor of the very popular quarter-inch cartridge (QIC) format which was a popular distribution format for Unix workstations and servers. For example, software for the Sun-3 (running the Motorola 68K family) and the Sun-4 (based on SPARC processors) was most commonly distributed on QIC media before CD-ROMs became more cost-effective. Archive was better known for their QIC drives. Conner Peripherals acquired Archive in 1993. Acquisitions In 1989, Archive acquired Maynard Electronics. The MaynStream brand of tape drives and software was maintained. In March 1990, Archive acquired Cipher Data Products for $118 million. This included Cipher's subsidiary Irwin Magnetic Systems. References External links 1980 establishments in California 1993 disestablishments in California 1993 mergers and acquisitions Companies based in Costa Mesa, California Computer companies established in 1980 Computer companies disestablished in 1993 Defunct companies based in California Defunct computer companies based in California Defunct computer companies of the United States Defunct computer hardware companies
Clint's Crazy Bargains was established in November 1978, as a partnership between David and Kerry Rickards, and Norm and Sue O'Neill. It was a retailer of discount variety merchandise including gifts, cosmetics, clothing, books, craft goods, hardware, stationery, toys, jewellery, kitchenware, caneware, haberdashery, manchester, small electrical goods, luggage and furniture. History The Business was initially a single store (Bankstown, New South Wales) and a market stall operation dealing primarily in distressed and surplus merchandise bought from public auction. A second store in Leichhardt (October 1980) followed by the move into substantially larger premises of in Bankstown (April 1981) saw the commencement of a serious attempt to build a new retail concept. The St Marys store (July 1983), spectacularly successful in , became the prototype of the new "discount variety" or "bargain store". As the business evolved through wholesaling and new shop openings, techniques and policies changed constantly, but the theme of the "Bargain Store" remained. A diverse range of goods perceived to be cheap. Throughout the early and mid-1980s, the principal product source continued to be distressed or opportunity merchandise. As stock needs increased the weakness of such a dependence emerged, low-cost-manufactured goods from South East Asia became the target. Volandu Pty Ltd was formed in October 1985 as an import company with the same ownership as Clints. Wholesaling was commenced to increase purchasing power and credibility overseas. The continuing growth of Clints and similar chains in other states brought about fanatic import volume increases. From 100 containers in 1987 to over 3,000 in 1995. The original 23 000 square foot warehouse was replaced by a warehouse in 1990, only to be replaced by a warehouse complex purchased in January 1992. Also in 1992, a warehouse in China was completed for the consolidation of goods for Clints and other Volandu customers. This facility allowed flexibility and control over a massive range of cheap products being produced in southern China. An additional distribution warehouse of a was purchased in February 1995 in Footscray, Victoria, Australia, to service the then growing number of Victorian stores and to facilitate the movement of increasing volumes of merchandise between Sydney and Melbourne. The business operated 116 stores across New South Wales, Victoria and the ACT, and eventually acquired Fair Dinkum Bargains and Silly Sollys. Acquisitions In 2000 the Clint's Crazy Bargains business was sold to the New Zealand company The Warehouse. In 2008 the remaining stores were sold to a group of Australian investors, Australian Discount Retail, and subsequently renamed Sam's Warehouse. References Retail companies established in 1978 Retail companies disestablished in 2000 Defunct retail companies of Australia Discount stores of Australia Companies based in Sydney Australian companies disestablished in 2000 Australian companies established in 1978
ID Quantique (IDQ) is a Swiss company, based in Geneva, Switzerland, and provides quantum key distribution (QKD) systems, quantum safe network encryption, single photon counters, and hardware random number generators. It was founded in 2001 as a spin-off of the Group of Applied Physics at the University of Geneva. The company is structured in three business units: The quantum safe cryptography division The photon counting division The quantum random number generation division Quantum Safe Cryptography Division The Quantum Safe Cryptography division focuses on data protection and provides: quantum-safe network encryption quantum key distribution quantum key generation and key management Photon Counting Division The Photon Counting division works on optical instrumentation products such as: photon counters in the visible and infrared spectrum photon pair sources quantum key distribution for R&D applications Random Number Generation The company's work in Random Number Generation focuses on developing hardware random number generators based on quantum randomness, for cryptographic and security applications (quantum key generation) and research purposes (MonteCarlo simulations). ID Quantique Achievements The company has realized several world premieres in quantum technology innovation. In 2004, ID Quantique was one of the first in the world to bring a quantum key distribution system to a commercial market. (MagiQ Technologies, Inc. announced the availability of its quantum key distribution system in 2003.) In 2007 quantum cryptography was deployed by a government for the first time ever to protect the Geneva state elections in Switzerland. It is still in deployment. In 2010 the company deployed QKD over multiplexed networks with 1Gbit/s of data, and in 2011 the company ran its QKD systems for over 18 months in the Swissquantum network in cooperation with the University of Geneva. In 2014, principles from IDQ together with the University of Geneva, broke the world record for the longest distance key exchange by QKD – 307 km. In 2014 IDQ's Quantis true random number generator became the first QRNG to pass the German BSI's AIS31 randomness validation. In 2014 ID Quantique and Battelle co-founded the Quantum-Safe Security Working Group in the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA). The group aims to help governments and industry understand quantum‐safe methods for protecting their networks and their data, following the call by the European telecommunications Institute (ETSI) for quantum safe cryptography in their 2014 white paper “Quantum Safe Cryptography and Security”. ID Quantique also announced their Quantum Random Number Generator (QRNG) chip has been integrated in the ‘Vsmart Aris 5G’ smartphone made by VinSmart, a member of Vingroup from Vietnam. See also Quantum key distribution Quantum cryptography Hardware random number generator Notes Cryptography companies Software companies of Switzerland Companies based in Geneva Quantum cryptography
WHOIS (pronounced as the phrase "who is") is a query and response protocol that is used for querying databases that store an Internet resource's registered users or assignees. These resources include domain names, IP address blocks and autonomous systems, but it is also used for a wider range of other information. The protocol stores and delivers database content in a human-readable format. The current iteration of the WHOIS protocol was drafted by the Internet Society, and is documented in . Whois is also the name of the command-line utility on most UNIX systems used to make WHOIS protocol queries. In addition, WHOIS has a sister protocol called Referral Whois (RWhois). History Elizabeth Feinler and her team (who had created the Resource Directory for ARPANET) were responsible for creating the first WHOIS directory in the early 1970s. Feinler set up a server in Stanford's Network Information Center (NIC) which acted as a directory that could retrieve relevant information about people or entities. She and the team created domains, with Feinler's suggestion that domains be divided into categories based on the physical address of the computer. The process of registration was established in . WHOIS was standardized in the early 1980s to look up domains, people, and other resources related to domain and number registrations. As all registration was done by one organization at that time, one centralized server was used for WHOIS queries. This made looking up such information very easy. At the time of the emergence of the internet from the ARPANET, the only organization that handled all domain registrations was the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) of the United States government (created during 1958.). The responsibility of domain registration remained with DARPA as the ARPANET became the Internet during the 1980s. UUNET began offering domain registration service; however, they simply handled the paperwork which they forwarded to the DARPA Network Information Center (NIC). Then the National Science Foundation directed that commercial, third-party entities would handle the management of Internet domain registration. InterNIC was formed in 1993 under contract with the NSF, consisting of Network Solutions, Inc., General Atomics and AT&T. The General Atomics contract was canceled after several years due to performance issues. 20th-century WHOIS servers were highly permissive and would allow wild-card searches. A WHOIS query of a person's last name would yield all individuals with that name. A query with a given keyword returned all registered domains containing that keyword. A query for a given administrative contact returned all domains the administrator was associated with. Since the advent of the commercialized Internet, multiple registrars and unethical spammers, such permissive searching is no longer available. On December 1, 1999, management of the top-level domains (TLDs) , , and was assigned to ICANN. At the time, these TLDs were converted to a thin WHOIS model. Existing WHOIS clients stopped working at that time. A month later, it had self-detecting Common Gateway Interface support so that the same program could operate a web-based WHOIS lookup, and an external TLD table to support multiple WHOIS servers based on the TLD of the request. This eventually became the model of the modern WHOIS client. By 2005, there were many more generic top-level domains than there had been in the early 1980s. There are also many more country-code top-level domains. This has led to a complex network of domain name registrars and registrar associations, especially as the management of Internet infrastructure has become more internationalized. As such, performing a WHOIS query on a domain requires knowing the correct, authoritative WHOIS server to use. Tools to do WHOIS domain searches have become common and are offered by providers such as IONOS and Namecheap. CRISP and IRIS In 2003, an IETF committee was formed to create a new standard for looking up information on domain names and network numbers: Cross Registry Information Service Protocol (CRISP). Between January 2005 and July 2006, the working name for this proposed new standard was Internet Registry Information Service (IRIS) The initial IETF Proposed Standards RFCs for IRIS are: 3981 - 3982 - 3983 - 4992 - The status of RFCs this group worked on can be found on the IETF Tools site. As of March 2009, the CRISP IETF Working Group concluded, after a final RFC 5144 was published by the group . Note: The IETF CRISP working group is not to be confused with the Number Resource Organization's (NRO) Team of the same name "Consolidated RIR IANA Stewardship Proposal Team" (CRISP Team). WEIRDS and RDAP In 2013, the IETF acknowledged that IRIS had not been a successful replacement for WHOIS. The primary technical reason for that appeared to be the complexity of IRIS. Further, non-technical reasons were deemed to lie in areas upon which the IETF does not pass judgment. Meanwhile, ARIN and RIPE NCC managed to serve WHOIS data via RESTful web services. The charter (drafted in February 2012) provided for separate specifications, for number registries first and for name registries to follow. The working group produced five proposed standard documents: 7480 - 7481 - 7482 - 7483 - 7484 - and an informational document: 7485 - Protocol The WHOIS protocol had its origin in the ARPANET NICNAME protocol and was based on the NAME/FINGER Protocol, described in (1977). The NICNAME/WHOIS protocol was first described in in 1982 by Ken Harrenstien and Vic White of the Network Information Center at SRI International. WHOIS was originally implemented on the Network Control Protocol (NCP) but found its major use when the TCP/IP suite was standardized across the ARPANET and later the Internet. The protocol specification is the following (original quote): Connect to the service host TCP: service port 43 decimal NCP: ICP to socket 43 decimal, establishing two 8-bit connections Send a single "command line", ending with <CRLF>. Receive information in response to the command line. The server closes its connections as soon as the output is finished. The command line server query is normally a single name specification. i.e. the name of a resource. However, servers accept a query, consisting of only the question mark (?) to return a description of acceptable command line formats. Substitution or wild-card formats also exist, e.g., appending a full-stop (period) to the query name returns all entries beginning with the query name. On the modern Internet, WHOIS services are typically communicated using the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP). Servers listen to requests on the well-known port number 43. Clients are simple applications that establish a communications channel to the server, transmit a text record with the name of the resource to be queried and await the response in form of a sequence of text records found in the database. This simplicity of the protocol also permits an application, and a command line interface user, to query a WHOIS server using the Telnet protocol. Augmentations In 2014, June ICANN published the recommendation for status codes, the "Extensible Provisioning Protocol (EPP) domain status codes" Implementation WHOIS lookups were traditionally performed with a command line interface application, but now many alternative web-based tools exist. A WHOIS database consists of a set of text records for each resource. These text records consists of various items of information about the resource itself, and any associated information of assignees, registrants, administrative information, such as creation and expiration dates. Two data models exist for storing resource information in a WHOIS database, the thick and the thin model. Thin and thick lookups WHOIS information can be stored and looked up according to either a thick or a thin data model: Thick A Thick WHOIS server stores the complete WHOIS information from all the registrars for the particular set of data (so that one WHOIS server can respond with WHOIS information on all .org domains, for example). Thin A Thin WHOIS server stores only the name of the WHOIS server of the registrar of a domain, which in turn has the full details on the data being looked up (such as the .com WHOIS servers, which refer the WHOIS query to the registrar where the domain was registered). The thick model usually ensures consistent data and slightly faster queries, since only one WHOIS server needs to be contacted. If a registrar goes out of business, a thick registry contains all important information (if the registrant entered correct data, and privacy features were not used to obscure the data) and registration information can be retained. But with a thin registry, the contact information might not be available, and it could be difficult for the rightful registrant to retain control of the domain. If a WHOIS client did not understand how to deal with this situation, it would display the full information from the registrar. Unfortunately, the WHOIS protocol has no standard for determining how to distinguish the thin model from the thick model. Specific details of which records are stored vary among domain name registries. Some top-level domains, including and , operate a thin WHOIS, requiring domain registrars to maintain their own customers' data. The other global top-level registries, including , operate a thick model. Each country-code top-level registry has its own national rules. Software The first applications written for the WHOIS information system were command-line interface tools for Unix and Unix-like operating systems (i.e. Solaris, Linux etc.). WHOIS client and server software is distributed as free open-source software and binary distributions are included with all Unix-like systems. Various commercial Unix implementations may use a proprietary implementation (for example, Solaris 7). A WHOIS command line client passes a phrase given as an argument directly to the WHOIS server. Various free open source examples can still be found on sites such as sourceforge.net. However, most modern WHOIS tools implement command line flags or options, such as the -h option to access a specific server host, but default servers are preconfigured. Additional options may allow control of the port number to connect on, displaying additional debugging data, or changing recursion/referral behavior. Like most TCP/IP client–server applications, a WHOIS client takes the user input and then opens an Internet socket to its destination server. The WHOIS protocol manages the transmission of the query and reception of results. Web With the advent of the World Wide Web and especially the loosening up of the Network Solutions monopoly, looking up WHOIS information via the web has become quite common. At present, popular web-based WHOIS-queries may be conducted from ARIN, RIPE and APNIC. Most early web-based WHOIS clients were merely front-ends to a command-line client, where the resulting output just gets displayed on a web page with little, if any, clean-up or formatting. Currently, web based WHOIS clients usually perform the WHOIS queries directly and then format the results for display. Many such clients are proprietary, authored by domain name registrars. The need for web-based clients came from the fact that command-line WHOIS clients largely existed only in the Unix and large computing worlds. Microsoft Windows and Macintosh computers had no WHOIS clients installed by default, so registrars had to find a way to provide access to WHOIS data for potential customers. Many end-users still rely on such clients, even though command line and graphical clients exist now for most home PC platforms. Microsoft provides the Sysinternals Suite that includes a whois client at no cost. CPAN has several Perl modules available that work with WHOIS servers. Many of them are not current and do not fully function with the current (2005) WHOIS server infrastructure. However, there is still much useful functionality to derive including looking up AS numbers and registrant contacts. Servers WHOIS services are mainly run by registrars and registries; for example the Public Interest Registry (PIR) maintains the .ORG registry and associated WHOIS service. Regional Internet registries WHOIS servers operated by regional Internet registries (RIR) can be queried directly to determine the Internet service provider responsible for a particular resource. The records of each of these registries are cross-referenced, so that a query to ARIN for a record which belongs to RIPE will return a placeholder pointing to the RIPE WHOIS server. This lets the WHOIS user making the query know that the detailed information resides on the RIPE server. In addition to the RIRs servers, commercial services exist, such as the Routing Assets Database used by some large networks (e.g., large Internet providers that acquired other ISPs in several RIR areas). Server discovery There is currently no widely extended way for determining the responsible WHOIS server for a DNS domain, though a number of methods are in common use for top-level domains (TLDs). Some registries use DNS SRV records (defined in RFC 2782) to allow clients to discover the address of the WHOIS server. Some WHOIS lookups require searching the procuring domain registrar to display domain owner details. Query example Normally the contact information of the resources assignee is returned. However, some registrars offer private registration, in which case the contact information of the registrar is shown instead. Some registry operators are wholesalers, meaning that they typically provide domain name services to a large number of retail registrars, who in turn offer them to consumers. For private registration, only the identity of the wholesale registrar may be returned. In this case, the identity of the individual as well as the retail registrar may be hidden. Below is an example of WHOIS data returned for an individual resource holder. This is the result of a WHOIS query of example.com: > whois example.com [Querying whois.verisign-grs.com] [Redirected to whois.iana.org] [Querying whois.iana.org] [whois.iana.org] % IANA WHOIS server % for more information on IANA, visit http://www.iana.org % This query returned 1 object domain: EXAMPLE.COM organisation: Internet Assigned Numbers Authority created: 1992-01-01 source: IANA Referral Whois Referral Whois (RWhois) is an extension of the original WHOIS protocol and service. RWhois extends the concepts of WHOIS in a scalable, hierarchical fashion, potentially creating a system with a tree-like architecture. Queries are deterministically routed to servers based on hierarchical labels, reducing a query to the primary repository of information. Lookups of IP address allocations are often limited to the larger Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) blocks (e.g., /24, /22, /16), because usually only the regional Internet registries (RIRs) and domain registrars run RWhois or WHOIS servers, although RWhois is intended to be run by even smaller local Internet registries, to provide more granular information about IP address assignment. RWhois is intended to replace WHOIS, providing an organized hierarchy of referral services where one could connect to any RWhois server, request a look-up and be automatically re-directed to the correct server(s). However, while the technical functionality is in place, adoption of the RWhois standard has been weak. RWhois services are typically communicated using the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP). Servers listen to requests on the well-known port number 4321. Rwhois was first specified in in 1994 by Network Solutions, but the specification was superseded in 1997 by . The referral features of RWhois are different than the feature of a WHOIS server to refer responses to another server, which RWhois also implements. Criticism One criticism of WHOIS is the lack of full access to the data. Few parties have realtime access to the complete databases. Others cite the competing goal of domain privacy as a criticism, although this problem is strongly mitigated by domain privacy services. Currently, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) broadly requires that the mailing address, phone number and e-mail address of those owning or administering a domain name to be made publicly available through the "WHOIS" directories. The registrant's (domain owner's) contact details, such as address and telephone number, are easily accessible to anyone who queries a WHOIS server. However, that policy enables spammers, direct marketers, identity thieves or other attackers to loot the directory for personal information about these people. Although ICANN has been exploring changing WHOIS to enable greater privacy, there is a lack of consensus among major stakeholders as to what type of change should be made. Some domain registrars offer private registrations (also known as domain privacy), by which the contact information of the registrar is shown instead of the customer's. With the offer of private registration from many registrars, some of the risk has been mitigated. Studies have shown that spammers can and do harvest plain-text email addresses from WHOIS servers. For this reason, some WHOIS servers and websites offering WHOIS queries have implemented rate-limiting systems, such as web-based CAPTCHA and limited amounts of search queries per user IP address. The WHOIS requirements conflict with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), effective in the European Union 25 May 2018, which places strict regulations on the processing and publication of personally identifiable information. ICANN stated in November 2017 that it would not reprimand "noncompliance with contractual obligations related to the handling of registration data" if registrars provide alternative solutions for compliance with its rules, until the WHOIS requirements are updated to take GDPR into account. The WHOIS protocol was not written with an international audience in mind. A WHOIS server and/or client cannot determine the text encoding in effect for the query or the database content. Many servers were originally using US-ASCII and Internationalization concerns were not taken into consideration until much later. This might impact the usability or usefulness of the WHOIS protocol in countries outside the USA. In the case of internationalized domain names it is the responsibility of the client application to perform the translation of the domain name between its native language script and the DNS name in punycode. Accuracy of information In cases where the registrant's (Domain Owner) identity is public, anyone can easily confirm the status of a domain via WHOIS. In the case of private registrations, ascertaining registration information may be more difficult. If a registrant, who acquired a domain name, wants to verify the registrar has completed the registration process, three steps may be required: Perform a WHOIS and confirm that the resource is at least registered with ICANN, Determine the name of the wholesale registrar, and Contact the wholesaler and obtain the name of the retail registrar. This provides some confidence that the retailer actually registered the name. But if the registrar goes out of business, as with the failure of RegisterFly in 2007, the rightful domain holder with privacy-protected registrations may have difficulty regaining the administration of their domain name. Registrants using "private registration" can attempt to protect themselves by using a registrar that places customer data in escrow with a third party. ICANN requires that every registrant of a domain name be given the opportunity to correct any inaccurate contact data associated with their domain. For this reason, registrars are required to periodically send the holder the contact information on record for verification, but they do not provide any guarantee about the accuracy of information if the registrant provided inaccurate information. Law and policy WHOIS has generated policy issues in the United States federal government. As noted above, WHOIS creates a privacy issue which is also tied to free speech and anonymity. However, WHOIS is an important tool for law enforcement officers investigating violations like spam and phishing to track down the holders of domain names. As a result, law enforcement agencies have sought to make WHOIS records both open and verified: The Federal Trade Commission has testified about how inaccurate WHOIS records thwart their investigations. Congressional hearings have been conducted about the importance of WHOIS in 2001, 2002 and 2006. The Fraudulent Online Identity Sanctions Act "make it a violation of trademark and copyright law if a person knowingly provided, or caused to be provided, materially false contact information in making, maintaining, or renewing the registration of a domain name used in connection with the violation," where the latter "violation" refers to a prior violation of trademark or copyright law. The act does not make the submission of false WHOIS data illegal in itself, only if used to shield oneself from prosecution for crimes committed using that domain name. ICANN proposal to abolish WHOIS The Expert Working Group (EWG) of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) recommended on 24 June 2013 that WHOIS should be scrapped. It recommends that WHOIS be replaced with a system that keeps information secret from most Internet users, and only discloses information for "permissible purposes". ICANN's list of permissible purposes includes domain-name research, domain-name sale and purchase, regulatory enforcement, personal data protection, legal actions, and abuse mitigation. Although WHOIS has been a key tool of journalists in determining who was disseminating certain information on the Internet, the use of WHOIS by the free press is not included in ICANN's proposed list of permissible purposes. The EWG collected public input on the initial report until 13 September 2013. Its final report was issued on 6 June 2014, without meaningful changes to the recommendations. , ICANN is in the "process of re-inventing WHOIS," working on "ICANN WHOIS Beta." On January 19th 2023, ICANN opened voting on a global amendment to all its registry and registrar agreements. In it they defined an RDAP Ramp-Up Period of 180 days starting with the effectiveness of this amendment. 360 days after this period is defined as the WHOIS Services Sunset Date, after which it is not a requirement for registries and registrars to offer a WHOIS service and instead only an RDAP service is required. All voting thresholds were met within the 60 day voting period and the amendment will be submitted to the ICANN Board for approval and implementation. Standards documents – NICNAME/WHOIS (1982, obsolete) – NICNAME/WHOIS (1985, obsolete) – WHOIS protocol specification (2004, current) See also Domain name registry Regional Internet registry Routing Assets Database Routing Policy Specification Language Shared Whois Project Registration Data Access Protocol References Sources External links IANA WHOIS Service The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority XML Whois Server list ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form Whois status codes Internet protocols Internet Standards
Slavery in Massachusetts is an 1854 essay by Henry David Thoreau based on a speech he gave at an anti-slavery rally at Framingham, Massachusetts, on July 4, 1854, after the re-enslavement in Boston, Massachusetts of fugitive slave Anthony Burns. See also Civil Disobedience by Thoreau On-line sources Slavery in Massachusetts at Wikisource Slavery in Massachusetts at The Picket Line Slavery in Massachusetts at eserver.org (annotated) Book sources My Thoughts are Murder to the State by Henry David Thoreau () The Higher Law: Thoreau on Civil Disobedience and Reform () Collected Essays and Poems by Henry David Thoreau () External links Thoreau’s Stance on Abolition Essays by Henry David Thoreau 1854 essays African-American history of Massachusetts
The following is a list of freeware software packages and applications for use in the health industry: Imaging Ambivu 3D Workstation, PC and Mac fast DICOM 3D/2D workstation BioDigital Ginkgo CADx, cross-platform open source DICOM viewer IrfanView, an image viewer for Windows with DICOM support MicroDicom, DICOM viewer for Windows VistA imaging, public domain fully integrated PACS, image, and scanned document information system. Incorporates proprietary modules not available outside the VA Practice management GaiaEHR GNUmed OpenEMR OpenMRS See also eHealth Health Informatics List of open-source bioinformatics software Freeware Freeware freeware health
Old Men In Love is a book by Alasdair Gray, published by Bloomsbury in 2007. The book purports to be a found manuscript by John Tunnock, which Gray merely edits - from the author's earlier Poor Things, the writing presented as Tunnock's likewise recycles earlier material by Gray. Tunnock's unfinished trilogy of novels, based on the lives of Socrates, Fra Lippo Lippi and Henry James Prince, are re-workings of earlier stage and television drama by Gray. In the afterword to the novel the literary critic Sidney Workman (a fictitious alter-ego of Gray used in his debut novel, Lanark), points out the novel's themes. Old Men In Love was met with an ambiguous critical reception, praised for its striking design and criticised for its lack of substance and derivation from earlier material. Writing in the Observer, James Purdon commented that "In form as well as subject matter, this is probably the most twitchily onanistic fiction since Portnoy's Complaint". References External links BBC Collective interviews Alasdair Gray on Old Men In Love, October 2007 Complete article Novels by Alasdair Gray 2007 British novels Bloomsbury Publishing books
Star Trek: Tactical Assault is a Star Trek video game for the Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable that was developed by Quicksilver Software, also the creators of Star Trek: Starfleet Command. The game is published by Bethesda Softworks, which published several other Star Trek games around that time. This would be the first game on a Nintendo platform to be published by Bethesda since the NES version of Home Alone in 1991. Gameplay Single-player There are two playable campaigns, each covering a range of missions. The Starfleet campaign is set in 2284 and predates the events of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. The player follows the adventures of Lieutenant Commander Reynolds, completing missions and working up to better ships, from a small frigate to a Constitution-class starship and beyond. The Klingon campaign is set after the Khitomer Massacre of 2346. In the single-player game, the Constitution- and Miranda-class Federation ships are playable, as well as the Klingon D7 and Bird of Prey. There is also a new Starfleet ship, designated as a dreadnought, with three nacelles and a body style similar to the Miranda class. In campaign mode, strategy is used on battle, dialogs, and decisions. Depending your actions, you'll be awarded with a bronze, silver, or gold medal and 1, 2, or 3 upgrade points, respectively. Multiplayer Both handheld versions offer head-to-head battles between two players. There are roughly twenty playable ships from among five factions: Federation, Klingon, Romulan, Gorn, and Orion. The Nintendo DS version requires both players to own a copy of the game to compete in its multiplayer mode, which does not utilize online connectivity of any kind. Development The game was announced in January 2006 when Bethesda acquired the rights to the Star Trek series of video games. Reception The game received "mixed" reviews on both platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. References External links 2006 video games Bethesda Softworks games Multiplayer and single-player video games Nintendo DS games PlayStation Portable games Quicksilver Software games Real-time tactics video games Tactical Assault Ubisoft games Tactical Assault Video games developed in the United States Video games scored by Jason Graves Video games scored by Rod Abernethy
Jumping Jack is a platform game designed by Albert Ball, with art by Stuart C. Ball, for the ZX Spectrum and published by Imagine Software in 1983. It was available for the Atari 8-bit family and Dragon 32 under the name Leggit!. In these versions, Jack is renamed Leaping Lenny. Gameplay Each level consists of a set of eight wraparound floors, across which holes scroll; when these holes reach the side of the screen, they move up or down to the next floor, depending on if they're scrolling to the left or right, respectively. The goal in each level is to reach the top, by jumping through the holes; however, each time Jack jumps, a new hole is formed on a randomly chosen floor. Falling through a hole or miscalculating a jump and hitting the ceiling temporarily stuns him and leaves him vulnerable to a hole scrolling underneath him; if he falls all the way to the bottom of the level, he loses a life. Completing a level reveals a verse from the "Ballad of Jumping Jack"; the next level features an extra hole at the start and from the second level onward, monsters appear which stun Jack in the same way as a fall or mistimed jump. References External links Jumping Jack at World of Spectrum Leggit! at Atari Mania 1983 video games Atari 8-bit family games Dragon 32 games Imagine Software games Platformers Single-player video games Video games developed in the United Kingdom ZX Spectrum games
A list of commercial phonics programs designed for teaching reading in English (arranged by country of origin to acknowledge regional language variations). United States Open Court Reading; name changed to "Imagine It!" in 2008 Orton-Gillingham Phono-graphix (1993) – developed by Carmen and Geoffrey McGuinness Preventing Academic Failure (PAF) program (1978) Reading Mastery by SRA/McGraw-Hill, previously known as DISTAR Smart Way Reading and Spelling (2001) Spalding Method Online and software programs JumpStart Phonics Starfall (website) See also Phonics Reading Synthetic phonics References Phonics curricula Phonics
The Domain Master Browser is necessary on a routed TCP/IP network, that is, when a Windows domain spans more than one TCP/IP network. When a Windows domain spans multiple subnets each of the subnets has an independent browser called the Master Browser. The Master Browser is responsible for the browse list within its respective subnet and portion of the domain on its subnet. The Domain Master Browser is used to collect information from each of the Master Browsers via the NetServerEnum API call. Once collected the list is merged with the Domain Master Browsers list for its own subnet. This merged list forms the enterprise wide browse list for the domain. This merged list is then distributed to the Master Browsers in each subnet so that the enterprise list can be available to computers requesting services. As part of the Microsoft Windows Server Operating Systems, the browser service is used to host information of other Windows computers within the same Windows domain or TCP/IP network... the Domain Master Browser coordinates browse lists from all the local browsers in a workgroup, no matter what their network segments. Browsing in these terms is specific to viewing network resources within the Windows network such as the available domains and computers. The information, called a Browse List, is held by the browser and primarily consists of the computer names and the services each of the computers offers. There are several browser roles: the Backup Browser, the Master Browser, and the Domain Master Browser. The Domain Master Browser is located on the domain Primary Domain Controller, or PDC. References External links http://support.microsoft.com/kb/188001/en-us – Description of the Microsoft Computer Browser Service http://support.microsoft.com/kb/188305 – Troubleshooting the Microsoft Computer Browser Service http://www.samba.org/samba/docs/man/Samba-HOWTO-Collection/NetworkBrowsing.html – explanation of browsing in MS Windows network Microsoft server technology
Baike.com (), formerly Hudong and Hoodong (), is a for-profit social network in Chinese, including the world's largest Chinese encyclopedia. It is one of the two largest wikis in China, along with Baidu Baike, claiming to have more than 18 million articles as of 2020 and more than 5.77 million volunteers, as of April 2013. History Baike.com was founded in 2005 by CEO Pan Haidong, who had moved back to China after earning a PhD in systems engineering from Boston University in 2002. Baike.com, a 2007 RedHerring 100 Asia company, developed its own wiki software platform, called HDWiki, as a rival to MediaWiki. The system has some social networking-like interactive features, such as user profile, friends and groups. The first version was released in November 2006 and by November 2007 version 3 with added functions, features, and more stability was released. The HDWiki software is free for non-commercial use, has been downloaded 200,000 times and currently supports over 1,000 other web sites in China (as of December 2007), consisting mostly of tech researchers, open source software groups, government, universities, and high school students. In 2011, it was announced that Draper Fisher Jurvetson had invested $15 million in Baike.com. On 22 February 2011, Baike.com submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic. In December 2012, the company changed its English name from Hudong to Baike.com. In 2019, the company was acquired by ByteDance. Features Baike.com is a wiki and lets its users edit and contribute material. Frequent users may accumulate credits redeemable for gifts. It has also included features of social networking sites, including chat forums and fan groups. Baike.com is a for-profit business partially supported by advertising and paid support services. See also Chinese Wikipedia References Further reading Zhang, Yuwei. "I don't see Hudong as a competitor: Wiki founder." (Archive) China Daily. 24 February 2011. External links 2005 establishments in China Chinese online encyclopedias Internet properties established in 2005 Wiki communities 21st-century encyclopedias ByteDance
In telecommunications, a "carrier grade" or "carrier class" refers to a system, or a hardware or software component that is extremely reliable, well tested and proven in its capabilities. Carrier grade systems are tested and engineered to meet or exceed "five nines" high availability standards, and provide very fast fault recovery through redundancy (normally less than 50 milliseconds). "Carrier grade" is not a standard or very clearly defined term but, rather, a set of features and qualities that make the product acceptable by a carrier. The feature set that enables the carrier to utilize the business with use of that equipment are: high quality and very good MTBF (some requirements are stated in TR-144 chapter 7.17), redundancy (if one part goes down, there is an alternative), easy and cost-efficient operations and maintenance (O&M), all of which are standardized as much as possible. See also Real-time computing Redundancy (engineering) Carrier system High availability External links What's all the fuss about network resiliency? (link no longer available) Carrier Ethernet Ready for Prime Time: Five Things to Consider Telecommunications engineering Reliability engineering
Byte pair encoding (also known as digram coding) is an algorithm, first described in 1994 by Philip Gage. Its modification is notable as the large language model tokenizer with an ability to combine both tokens that encode single characters (including single digits or single punctuation marks) and those that encode whole words (even the longest compound words). This modification, in the first step, assumes all unique characters to be an initial set of 1-character long n-grams (i.e. initial "tokens"). Then, successively the most frequent pair of adjacent characters is merged into a new, 2-characters long n-gram and all instances of the pair are replaced by this new token. This is repeated until a vocabulary of prescribed size is obtained. Note that new words can always be constructed from final vocabulary tokens and initial-set characters. All the unique tokens found in a corpus are listed in a token vocabulary, the size of which, in the case of GPT-3, is 50257. The difference between the modified and the original algorithm is that the original algorithm does not merge the most frequent pair of bytes of data, but replaces them by a new byte that was not contained in the initial dataset. A lookup table of the replacements is required to rebuild the initial dataset. The algorithm is effective for the tokenization because it does not require large computational overheads and remains consistent and reliable. Original algorithm The original algorithm operates by iteratively replacing the most common contiguous sequences of characters in a target piece of text with unused 'placeholder' bytes. The iteration ends when no sequences can be found, leaving the target text effectively compressed. Decompression can be performed by reversing this process, querying known placeholder terms against their corresponding denoted sequence, per a lookup table. In the original paper, this lookup table is encoded and stored alongside the compressed text. Example Suppose the data to be encoded is aaabdaaabac The byte pair "aa" occurs most often, so it will be replaced by a byte that is not used in the data, such as "Z". Now there is the following data and replacement table: ZabdZabac Z=aa Then the process is repeated with byte pair "ab", replacing it with "Y": ZYdZYac Y=ab Z=aa The only literal byte pair left occurs only once, and the encoding might stop here. Alternatively, the process could continue with recursive byte pair encoding, replacing "ZY" with "X": XdXac X=ZY Y=ab Z=aa This data cannot be compressed further by byte pair encoding because there are no pairs of bytes that occur more than once. To decompress the data, simply perform the replacements in the reverse order. See also Re-Pair Sequitur algorithm References Lossless compression algorithms
Commonwealth of the Independent States - Election Monitoring Organization (CIS-EMO) — is an international non-governmental organization founded by the Commonwealth of Independent States. CIS-EMO conducts election observation missions and prepares reports, which sometimes conflict with the findings of Western election monitoring organizations. It was founded in 2003 in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia and was led by Aleksey Kochetkov. As an NGO, it is different from other observers sent by the CIS. CIS-EMO International Monitoring Missions CIS-EMO participated in observing the following elections: Parliament elections in the Republic of Kazakhstan, 2004 President elections in Ukraine, 2004 Parliament elections in the Republic of Kyrgyzstan, 2005 Parliament elections in the Republic of Moldova, 2005 President elections in the Republic of Kyrgyzstan, 2005 Mayor elections in Kishinev, Moldova, 2005 Municipal elections in Estonia, 2005 Parliament elections in the Republic of Azerbaijan, 2005 President elections in the Republic of Kazakhstan, 2005 Parliament elections in Transnistria, 2005 Parliament elections in Ukraine, 2006 Referendum on independence in Transnistria, 2006 President elections in Transnistria, 2006 President elections in Russia, 2008 Parliament elections in Volgograd Oblast, Russia, 2009 Parliament elections in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, 2009 Mayor elections in Kostroma, Russia, 2009 Parliament elections in Vladimir Oblast, Russia, 2009 Parliament elections in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, 2009 Parliament elections in the Kabardino-Balkaria Republic, Russia, 2009 Elections to Moscow City Hall, Russia, 2009 Parliament elections in South Ossetia, 2009 Parliament elections in Germany, 2009 Municipal elections in Estonia, 2009 President elections in Abkhazia, 2009 President elections in Ukraine, 2010 Parliament elections in Ryazan Oblast, Russia, 2010 Parliament elections in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, 2010 Referendum on changing the Constitution in Kyrgyzstan, 2010 Parliament elections in Kyrgyzstan, 2010 Municipal elections in Ukraine, 2010 Regional elections in Ukraine, 2010 Parliament elections in Belgorod Oblast, Russia, 2010 Parliament elections in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, 2010 Parliament elections in Estonia, 2011 Parliament elections in Turkey, 2011 President elections in Abkhazia, 2011 Parliament elections in Poland, 2011 President elections in South Ossetia, 2011 President elections in Transnistria, 2011 Parliament elections in Abkhazia, 2012 President elections in South Ossetia, 2012 President elections in France, 2012 Parliamentary elections in Ukraine, 2012 EU Important Members of CIS-EMO Missions Status on the moment of participation. Ján Čarnogurský, former Prime-minister, Slovakia Leszek Miller, former Prime-minister, Poland Andrzej Lepper, former vice-Prime-minister, Poland Paul-Marie Coûteaux, member of EU Parliament, France Sabine Lösing, member of EU Parliament, Germany Giulietto Chiesa, member of EU Parliament, Italy Sylwester Chruszcz, member of EU Parliament, Poland Alexander Mirsky, member of EU Parliament, Latvia Frank Schwalba-Hoth, former member of EU Parliament, Germany Jean-Mari Perrin, former ambassador of France in Azerbaijan and Estonia, France Thierry Mariani, member of National Assembly, France Michel Voisin, member of National Assembly, France, head of Delegation, the Delegation of France to the OSCE PA, France Bogusław Kowalski, member of Sejm, Poland Waldemar Kraska, senator, Poland Aldis Adamovich, Mayor of Preiļi, Latvia François-Xavier Coquin, Professor, College de France, France Mirca Margesku, Professor, France Olivier Vedrine, Professor, France Olivier Decrock, expert, France Marie-Helen Berard, Foundation Jacques Chirac, France Luca Bionda, Doctor of Political Science, Italy Stefano Vernole, expert, Italy Pawel Reszka, journalist, Poland Rainer Rupp, journalist, Germany CIS-EMO Activities CIS-EMO participates and organizes different events such as: Round table in the European Parliament ‘Controlled Democracy in Russia?’, March 2009, Brussels; International conference ‘ Civic institutions in the election process. Control and maintaining’ in the Public Chamber of Russia, January 2009, Moscow; Conference ‘ Voting for democracy? ’, December 2009, Berlin; Round table ‘Dynamics in the developing of the democratic institutions in the Republic of South Ossetia in the first year after having been recognized’, May 2009, Tskhinval; Round table ‘Investment potential of South Ossetia: complex approach, problems and perspectives’, 2010, Tskhinval; School of international observers, September, 2010, Kyrgyzstan; OSCE Supplementary Human Dimension Meeting, July 2008, Vienna; Supplementary Human Dimension Meeting on Democratic Lawmaking, OSCE, November 2008, Vienna; Round table ‘ Civil Society in Law System of Modern Europe’, January 2009, Athens; Election conference of the party ‘European Left’, 2009, Berlin; International conference ‘Global Europe’, EUP, 2009, Brussels; Forum ‘European Union and Russia: new perspectives’, EUP, 2009, Brussels; Yaroslavl Global Policy Forum - ‘Modern State: standards of democracy and criteria of effectiveness’, September 2009, Yaroslavl; Review Conference, September 2010, Warsaw; Forum for Security Co-operation, OSCE, October 2011, Warsaw; Round table ‘Election Systems of States of Old Democracy’, RIA Novosti, February, 2012, Moscow. See also Election monitoring Aleksey Kochetkov References External links Official CIS-EMO website Election and voting-related organizations International human rights organizations Non-profit organizations based in Russia
In the 1990s in Angola, the last decade of the Angolan Civil War (1975–2002), the Angolan government transitioned from a nominally communist state to a nominally democratic one, a move made possible by political changes abroad and military victories at home. Namibia's declaration of independence, internationally recognized on April 1, eliminated the southwestern front of combat as South African forces withdrew to the east. The MPLA abolished the one-party system in June and rejected Marxist-Leninism at the MPLA's third Congress in December, formally changing the party's name from the MPLA-PT to the MPLA. The National Assembly passed law 12/91 in May 1991, coinciding with the withdrawal of the last Cuban troops, defining Angola as a "democratic state based on the rule of law" with a multi-party system. Observers met such changes with skepticism. American journalist Karl Maier wrote, "In the new Angola, ideology is being replaced by the bottom line, as security and selling expertise in weaponry have become a very profitable business. Michael Johns, The Heritage Foundation's primary Reagan Doctrine advocate and a key Savimbi advisor, described the Soviet Union and Cuba's diplomatic initiatives as "a perilous moment" and urged the U.S. to maintain military pressure on Angola's government through escalated support to UNITA in an effort to ensure the withdrawal of Soviet and Cuban troops and the establishment of free and fair elections. Savimbi wounded in combat In early 1990, the MPLA sought to overrun UNITA militarily in southern Angola in several major military offensives, coordinated with Soviet and Cuban troops and military advisors. While UNITA ultimately repelled the offensives, Savimbi sustained bullet wounds twice in battles in January and February 1990, though they did not restrict his mobility In Washington, D.C., Savimbi's supporters warned that continued Soviet support for the MPLA was threatening U.S.-Soviet relations in global affairs and undermining Mikhail Gorbachev's promises of "new thinking" in Moscow's foreign policy. The Heritage Foundation's Michael Johns wrote that, "If there is 'new thinking' in Soviet foreign policy and if Gorbachev is, as he claims, very different from Leonid Brezhnev, then Moscow will call off the Angolan offensive. If not, then Gorbachev's 'new thinking' will fail its first regional test, forcing America to reconsider its new relaxed attitude toward the Soviet Union." Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly As Washington's role in the Angolan conflict grew, Savimbi retained Black, Manafort, Stone, and Kelly, an influential lobbying firm based in Washington, D.C., paying the firm US$5 million for government and public relations support on UNITA's behalf. Savimbi reaped huge rewards. Senators Larry Smith and Dante Fascell, a senior member of the firm, worked with the Cuban American Negro Foundation, Representative Claude Pepper of Florida, Neal Blair's Free the Eagle, and Howard Phillips The Conservative Caucus to repeal the Clark Amendment in 1985. From the amendment's repeal in 1985 to 1992 the U.S. government gave Savimbi $60 million per year, a total of $300 million. A sizable amount of the aid went to Savimbi's personal expenses. Black, Manafort filed foreign lobbying records with the U.S. Justice Department showing Savimbi's expenses during his U.S. visits. During his December 1990 visit he spent $136,424 at the Park Hyatt hotel and $2,705 in tips. He spent almost $473,000 in October 1991 during his week-long visit to Washington and Manhattan. He spent $98,022 in hotel bills, at the Park Hyatt, $26,709 in limousine rides in Washington and another $5,293 in Manhattan. Paul Manafort, a partner in the firm, charged Savimbi $19,300 in consulting and additional $1,712 in expenses. He also bought $1,143 worth of "survival kits" from Motorola. When questioned in an interview in 1990 about human rights abuses under Savimbi, Charlie Black, a partner in the firm, said, "Now when you're in a war, trying to manage a war, when the enemy... is no more than a couple of hours away from you at any given time, you might not run your territory according to New Hampshire town meeting rules." In December 1990, Savimbi returned to Washington, D.C., meeting with President George H. W. Bush and several of his key American advisors, the fourth of five trips he made to the United States. Bicesse Accords President dos Santos met with Savimbi in Lisbon, Portugal and signed the Bicesse Accords, the first of three major peace agreements, on May 31, 1991, with the mediation of the Portuguese government. The accords laid out a transition to multi-party democracy under the supervision of the United Nations' UNAVEM II mission with a presidential election in a year. The agreement attempted to demobilize the 152,000 active fighters and integrate the remaining government troops and UNITA rebels into a 50,000-strong Angolan Armed Forces (FAA). The FAA would consist of a national army with 40,000 troops, navy with 6,000, and air force with 4,000. While UNITA largely did not disarm, the FAA complied with the accord and demobilized about half of its forces, leaving the government disadvantaged. Angola held the first round of its 1992 presidential election on September 29–September 30. Dos Santos officially received 49.57% of the vote and Savimbi won 40.6%. As no candidate received 50% or more of the vote, election law dictated a second round of voting between the top two contenders. Savimbi, along with many other election observers, said the election had been neither free nor fair, but he sent Jeremias Chitunda, Vice President of UNITA, to Luanda to negotiate the terms of the second round. The election process broke down on October 31, when government troops in Luanda attacked UNITA. This began what was known as the Halloween Massacre. Civilians, using guns they had received from police a few days earlier, conducted house-by-house raids with the Rapid Intervention Police, killing and detaining hundreds of UNITA supporters. The government took civilians in trucks to the Camama cemetery and Morro da Luz ravine, shot them, and buried them in mass graves. On November 2, assailants attacked Chitunda's convoy, pulling him from his car and shooting him and two others dead. Confiscated by the Angolan military, the three bodies were never seen again. Savimbi and UNITA return to war Following the Chitunda killing, Savimbi questioned the legitimacy of the general election, announced that he was withdrawing from the run-off election, and led UNITA to war, scoring major military successes in 1993. On April 13, 1993, The New York Times reported that, "Nearly six months after the elections that were supposed to cement the peace in Angola, the rebel leader who lost in the vote has resumed the civil war and scored such enormous advances that there is talk he might engineer an outright military victory." UNITA regained control over Caxito, Huambo, M'banza Kongo, Ndalatando, and Uíge, provincial capitals it had not held since 1976, and moved against Kuito, Luena, and Malange. Although the U.S. and South African governments had stopped aiding UNITA, supplies continued to come from Mobutu in Zaire. UNITA tried to wrest control of Cabinda from the MPLA in January 1993. Edward DeJarnette, Head of the U.S. Liaison Office in Angola for the Clinton Administration, warned Savimbi that, if UNITA hindered or halted Cabinda's production, the U.S. would end its support for UNITA. On January 9, UNITA began a 55-day-long battle over Huambo, the War of the Cities. Hundreds of thousands fled and 10,000 were killed before UNITA gained control on March 7. The government engaged in an ethnic cleansing of Bakongo, and, to a lesser extent Ovimbundu, in multiple cities, most notably Luanda, on January 22 in the Bloody Friday massacre. UNITA and government representatives met five days later in Ethiopia, but negotiations failed to restore the peace. The United Nations Security Council sanctioned UNITA through Resolution 864 on September 15, 1993, prohibiting the sale of weapons or fuel to UNITA. Perhaps the clearest shift in U.S. foreign policy emerged when President Clinton issued Executive Order 12865 on September 23, labeling UNITA a "continuing threat to the foreign policy objectives of the U.S.". By August 1993, UNITA had gained control over 70% of Angola, but the government's military successes in 1994 forced UNITA to sue for peace. By November 1994, the government had taken control of 60% of the country. Savimbi called the situation UNITA's "deepest crisis" since its creation. Lusaka Protocol Savimbi, unwilling to personally sign an accord, had former UNITA Secretary General Eugenio Manuvakola represent UNITA in his place. Manuvakola and Angolan Foreign Minister Venancio de Moura signed the Lusaka Protocol in Lusaka, Zambia on October 31, 1994, agreeing to integrate and disarm UNITA. Both sides signed a ceasefire as part of the protocol on November 20. Under the agreement the government and UNITA would ceasefire and demobilize. 5,500 UNITA members, including 180 militants, would join the Angolan National police, 1,200 UNITA members, including 40 militants, would join the rapid reaction police force, and UNITA generals would become officers in the Angolan Armed Forces. Foreign mercenaries would return to their home countries and all parties would stop acquiring foreign arms. The agreement gave UNITA politicians homes and a headquarters. The government agreed to appoint UNITA members to head the Mines, Commerce, Health, and Tourism ministries, in addition to seven deputy ministers, ambassadors, the governorships of Uige, Lunda Sul, and Cuando Cubango, deputy governors, municipal administrators, deputy administrators, and commune administrators. The government would release all prisoners and give amnesty to all militants involved in the civil war. Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and South African President Nelson Mandela met in Lusaka on November 15, 1994, to boost support symbolically for the protocol. Mugabe and Mandela both said they would be willing to meet with Savimbi and Mandela asked him to come to South Africa, but Savimbi did not come. The agreement created a joint commission, consisting of officials from the Angolan government, UNITA, and the UN with the governments of Portugal, the United States, and Russia observing, to oversee its implementation. Violations of the protocol's provisions would be discussed and reviewed by the commission. The protocol's provisions, integrating UNITA into the military, a ceasefire, and a coalition government, were similar to those of the Alvor Agreement which granted Angola independence from Portugal in 1975. Many of the same environmental problems, mutual distrust between UNITA and the MPLA, loose international oversight, the importation of foreign arms, and an overemphasis on maintaining the balance of power, led to the protocol's collapse. Arms monitoring In January 1995, United States President Bill Clinton sent Paul Hare, his envoy to Angola, to support the Lusaka Protocol and impress the importance of the ceasefire onto the Angolan government and UNITA, both in need of outside assistance. The United Nations agreed to send a peacekeeping force on February 8. Savimbi met with South African President Nelson Mandela in May. Shortly after, on June 18, the MPLA offered Savimbi the position of Vice President under dos Santos with another Vice President chosen from the MPLA. Savimbi told Mandela he felt ready to "serve in any capacity which will aid my nation," but he did not accept the proposal until August 12. The United States Department of Defense and Central Intelligence Agency's Angola operations and analysis expanded in an effort to halt weapons shipments, a violation of the protocol, with limited success. The Angolan government bought six Mil Mi-17 from Ukraine in 1995. The government bought L-39 attack aircraft from the Czech Republic in 1998 along with ammunition and uniforms from Zimbabwe Defence Industries and ammunition and weapons from Ukraine in 1998 and 1999. U.S. monitoring significantly dropped off in 1997 as events in Zaire, the Congo and then Liberia occupied more of the U.S. government's attention. UNITA purchased more than 20 FROG-7 scuds and three FOX 7 missiles from the North Korean government in 1999. The UN extended its mandate on February 8, 1996. In March, Savimbi and dos Santos formally agreed to form a coalition government. The government deported 2,000 West African and Lebanese Angolans in Operation Cancer Two, in August 1996, on the grounds that dangerous minorities were responsible for the rising crime rate. In 1996 the Angolan government bought military equipment from India, two Mil Mi-24 attack helicopters and three Sukhoi Su-17 from Kazakhstan in December, and helicopters from Slovakia in March. The international community helped install a Government of Unity and National Reconciliation in April 1997, but UNITA did not allow the regional MPLA government to take up residence in 60 cities. The UN Security Council voted on August 28, 1997, to impose sanctions on UNITA through Resolution 1127, prohibiting UNITA leaders from traveling abroad, closing UNITA's embassies abroad, and making UNITA-controlled areas a no-fly zone. The Security Council expanded the sanctions through Resolution 1173 on June 12, 1998, requiring government certification for the purchase of Angolan diamonds and freezing UNITA's bank accounts. The UN spent $1.6 billion from 1994 to 1998 in maintaining a peacekeeping force. The Angolan military attacked UNITA forces in the Central Highlands on December 4, 1998, the day before the MPLA's fourth Congress. Dos Santos told the delegates the next day that he believed war to be the only way to ultimately achieve peace, rejected the Lusaka Protocol, and asked MONUA to leave. In February 1999, the Security Council withdrew the last MONUA personnel. In late 1998, several UNITA commanders, dissatisfied with Savimbi's leadership, formed UNITA Renovada, a breakaway militant group. Thousands more deserted UNITA in 1999 and 2000. The Angolan military launched Operation Restore, a massive offensive, in September 1999, recapturing N'harea, Mungo and Andulo and Bailundo, the site of Savimbi's headquarters just one year before. The UN Security Council passed Resolution 1268 on October 15, instructing United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan to update the Security Council to the situation in Angola every three months. Dos Santos offered an amnesty to UNITA militants on November 11. By December, Chief of Staff General João de Matos said the Angolan Armed Forces had destroyed 80% of UNITA's militant wing and captured 15,000 tons of military equipment. Following the dissolution of the coalition government, Savimbi retreated to his historical base in Moxico and prepared for battle. Diamonds UNITA's success in mining diamonds and selling them abroad at an inflated price allowed the war to continue even as the movement's support in the Western world and among the local populace withered away. De Beers and Endiama, a state-owned diamond-mining monopoly, signed a contract allowing De Beers to handle Angola's diamond exportation in 1990. According to the United Nation's Fowler Report, Joe De Deker, a former stockholder in De Beers, worked with the government of Zaire to supply military equipment to UNITA from 1993 to 1997. De Deker's brother, Ronnie, allegedly flew from South Africa to Angola, directing weapons originating in Eastern Europe. In return, UNITA gave Ronnie bushels of diamonds worth US$6 million. De Deker sent the diamonds to De Beer's buying office in Antwerp, Belgium. De Beers openly acknowledges spending $500 million on legal and illegal Angolan diamonds in 1992 alone. The United Nations estimates Angolans made between three and four billion dollars through the diamond trade between 1992 and 1998. The UN also estimates that out of that sum, UNITA made at least $3.72 billion, or 93% of all diamond sales, despite international sanctions. Executive Outcomes (EO), a private military company which had fought on behalf of UNITA prior to the 1992 elections, switched sides after the election. EO played a major role in turning the tide for the MPLA with one U.S. defense expert calling the EO the "best fifty or sixty million dollars the Angolan government ever spent". Heritage Oil and Gas, and allegedly De Beers, hired EO to protect their operations in Angola. Executive Outcomes trained 4,000 to 5,000 troops and 30 pilots in combat in camps in Lunda Sul, Cabo Ledo, and Dondo. Cabinda separatism Cabindan rebels kidnapped and ransomed off foreign oil workers throughout the 1990s to in turn finance further attacks against the national government. FLEC militants stopped buses, forcing Chevron Oil workers out, and setting fire to the buses on March 27 and April 23, 1992. A large scale battle took place between FLEC and police in Malongo on May 14 in which 25 mortar rounds accidentally hit a nearby Chevron compound. The government, fearing the loss of their prime source of revenue, began to negotiate with representatives from Front for the Liberation of the Enclave of Cabinda-Renewal (FLEC-R), Armed Forces of Cabinda (FLEC-FAC), and the Democratic Front of Cabinda (FDC) in 1995. Patronage and bribery failed to assuage the anger of FLEC-R and FLEC-FAC and negotiations ended. In February 1997, FLEC-FAC kidnapped two Inwangsa SDN-timber company employees, killing one and releasing the other after receiving a US$400,000 ransom. FLEC-FLAC kidnapped 11 people in April 1998, nine Angolans and two Portuguese, released for a US$500,000 ransom. FLEC-R kidnapped five Byansol oil engineering employees, two Frenchman, two Portuguese, and an Angolan, on March, 1999. While militants released the Angolan, the government complicated the situation by promising the rebel leadership $12.5 million for the hostages. When António Bento Bembe, the President of FLEC-R, showed up, the Angolan army arrested him and his bodyguards. The Angolan army later forcibly freed the other hostages on July 7. By the end of the year the government had arrested the leadership of all three rebel organizations. See also Angolagate First Congo War United Nations Angola Verification Mission II References 1990s decade overviews
Chromatography software is called also Chromatography Data System. It is located in the data station of the modern liquid, gas or supercritical fluid chromatographic systems. This is a dedicated software connected to an hardware interface within the chromatographic system, which serves as a central hub for collecting, analyzing, and managing the data generated during the chromatographic analysis. The data station is connected to the entire instrument in modern systems, especially the detectors, allowing real-time monitoring of the runs, exhibiting them as chromatograms. A chromatogram is a graphical representation of the results obtained from the chromatographic system. In a chromatogram, each component of the mixture appears as a peak or band at a specific retention time, which is related to its characteristics, such as molecular weight, polarity, and affinity for the stationary phase. The height, width, and area of the peaks in a chromatogram provide information about the amount and purity of the components in the sample. Analyzing a chromatogram helps identify and quantify the substances present in the mixture being analyzed. Integration & Processing The major tool of the chromatographic software is peaks "integration". A series of articles describes it: Peak Integration Part 1, Peak Integration Part 2, Peak Integration Part 3. The parameters inside the chromatography software which affect the integration are called the Integration events. Peak integration in any chromatographic software refers to the process of quantifying the areas under the peak's curve in the chromatogram. The area under the peak is proportional to the amount of that particular component in the sample. Here are the basics of peak integration in a chromatographic system: Peak Identification: Before integration, the peaks corresponding to different components in the sample need to be identified, based on their retention times. This is typically done by comparing the observed peaks with known standards or reference data. Baseline Correction: Establish a baseline for the chromatogram, which represents the lowest signal level along the time axis next to the peak. The baseline represents the noise and background signal. Taking into account the baseline level allows an accurate integration, because it takes into account any drift or fluctuations in the baseline. Peak Integration parameters and settings: Use appropriate algorithms to integrate the peaks in the chromatogram. Adjust integration parameters and settings as needed, such as noting peak width, noise threshold, and baseline correction method, which determine where the peak starts and ends and its maximum point. Optimizing these parameters helps obtain accurate and precise integration results. Quantification: Once the areas under the peaks are determined through integration, the quantification of each component is performed. The integrated areas are compared to a calibration curve, created using standards' concentrations to calculate the concentration of each component in the unknown sample. Data Interpretation: The software analyzes the integrated data to draw conclusions about the composition, concentration, and purity of the sample. The integrated areas provide valuable information for various applications, including quality control, research, and analysis. Validation and Quality Control: It is important to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the integration process, by performing validation and quality control checks to the software itself. This may involve comparing integration results with known standards, replicating analyses, and assessing precision and accuracy Applications are also available for simulation of chromatography, for example for teaching, demonstration, or for method development &/or optimization. Software Packages Many chromatography software packages are provided by manufacturers, and many of them only provide a simple interface to acquire data. They also provide different tools to analyze this data. The following is a list of software and the (unexplained) tools that each provides. Please note that some of them were discontinued with the years. See also Laboratory informatics References
Distributed constraint optimization (DCOP or DisCOP) is the distributed analogue to constraint optimization. A DCOP is a problem in which a group of agents must distributedly choose values for a set of variables such that the cost of a set of constraints over the variables is minimized. Distributed Constraint Satisfaction is a framework for describing a problem in terms of constraints that are known and enforced by distinct participants (agents). The constraints are described on some variables with predefined domains, and have to be assigned to the same values by the different agents. Problems defined with this framework can be solved by any of the algorithms that are designed for it. The framework was used under different names in the 1980s. The first known usage with the current name is in 1990. Definitions DCOP The main ingredients of a DCOP problem are agents and variables. Importantly, each variable is owned by an agent; this is what makes the problem distributed. Formally, a DCOP is a tuple , where: is the set of agents, . is the set of variables, . is the set of variable-domains, where each is a finite set containing the possible values of variable . If contains only two values (e.g. 0 or 1), then is called a binary variable. is the cost function. It is a function that maps every possible partial assignment to a cost. Usually, only few values of are non-zero, and it is represented as a list of the tuples that are assigned a non-zero value. Each such tuple is called a constraint. Each constraint in this set is a function assigning a real value to each possible assignment of the variables. Some special kinds of constraints are: Unary constraints - constraints on a single variable, i.e., for some . Binary constraints - constraints on two variables, i.e, for some is the ownership function. It is a function mapping each variable to its associated agent. means that variable "belongs" to agent . This implies that it is agent 's responsibility to assign the value of variable . Note that is not necessarily an injection, i.e., one agent may own more than one variables. It is also not necessarily a surjection, i.e., some agents may own no variables. is the objective function. It is an operator that aggregates all of the individual costs for all possible variable assignments. This is usually accomplished through summation: The objective of a DCOP is to have each agent assign values to its associated variables in order to either minimize or maximize for a given assignment of the variables. Assignments A value assignment is a pair where is an element of the domain . A partial assignment is a set of value-assignments where each appears at most once. It is also called a context. This can be thought of as a function mapping variables in the DCOP to their current values: Note that a context is essentially a partial solution and need not contain values for every variable in the problem; therefore, implies that the agent has not yet assigned a value to variable . Given this representation, the "domain" (that is, the set of input values) of the function f can be thought of as the set of all possible contexts for the DCOP. Therefore, in the remainder of this article we may use the notion of a context (i.e., the function) as an input to the function. A full assignment is an assignment in which each appears exactly once, that is, all variables are assigned. It is also called a solution to the DCOP. An optimal solution is a full assignment in which the objective function is optimized (i.e., maximized or minimized, depending on the type of problem). Example problems Various problems from different domains can be presented as DCOPs. Distributed graph coloring The graph coloring problem is as follows: given a graph and a set of colors , assign each vertex, , a color, , such that the number of adjacent vertices with the same color is minimized. As a DCOP, there is one agent per vertex that is assigned to decide the associated color. Each agent has a single variable whose associated domain is of cardinality (there is one domain value for each possible color). For each vertex , there is a variable with domain . For each pair of adjacent vertices , there is a constraint of cost 1 if both of the associated variables are assigned the same color: The objective, then, is to minimize . Distributed multiple knapsack problem The distributed multiple- variant of the knapsack problem is as follows: given a set of items of varying volume and a set of knapsacks of varying capacity, assign each item to a knapsack such that the amount of overflow is minimized. Let be the set of items, be the set of knapsacks, be a function mapping items to their volume, and be a function mapping knapsacks to their capacities. To encode this problem as a DCOP, for each create one variable with associated domain . Then for all possible contexts :where represents the total weight assigned by context to knapsack : Distributed item allocation problem The item allocation problem is as follows. There are several items that have to be divided among several agents. Each agent has a different valuation for the items. The goal is to optimize some global goal, such as maximizing the sum of utilities or minimizing the envy. The item allocation problem can be formulated as a DCOP as follows. Add a binary variable vij for each agent i and item j. The variable value is "1" if the agent gets the item, and "0" otherwise. The variable is owned by agent i. To express the constraint that each item is given to at most one agent, add binary constraints for each two different variables related to the same item, with an infinite cost if the two variables are simultaneously "1", and a zero cost otherwise. To express the constraint that all items must be allocated, add an n-ary constraint for each item (where n is the number of agents), with an infinite cost if no variable related to this item is "1". Other applications DCOP was applied to other problems, such as: coordinating mobile sensors; meeting and task scheduling. Algorithms DCOP algorithms can be classified in several ways: Completeness - complete search algorithms finding the optimal solution, vs. local search algorithms finding a local optimum. Search strategy - best-first search or depth-first branch-and-bound search; Synchronization among agents - synchronous or asynchronous; Communication among agents - point-to-point with neighbors in the constraint graph, or broadcast; Communication topology - chain or tree. ADOPT, for example, uses best-first search, asynchronous synchronization, point-to-point communication between neighboring agents in the constraint graph and a constraint tree as main communication topology. Hybrids of these DCOP algorithms also exist. BnB-Adopt, for example, changes the search strategy of Adopt from best-first search to depth-first branch-and-bound search. Asymmetric DCOP An asymmetric DCOP is an extension of DCOP in which the cost of each constraint may be different for different agents. Some example applications are: Event scheduling: agents who attend the same event might derive different values from it. Smart grid: the increase in price of electricity in loaded hours may be different agents. One way to represent an ADCOP is to represent the constraints as functions: Here, for each constraint there is not a single cost but a vector of costs - one for each agent involved in the constraint. The vector of costs is of length k if each variable belongs to a different agent; if two or more variables belong to the same agent, then the vector of costs is shorter - there is a single cost for each involved agent, not for each variable. Approaches to solving an ADCOP A simple way for solving an ADCOP is to replace each constraint with a constraint , which equals the sum of the functions . However, this solution requires the agents to reveal their cost functions. Often, this is not desired due to privacy considerations. Another approach is called Private Events as Variables (PEAV). In this approach, each variable owns, in addition to his own variables, also "mirror variables" of all the variables owned by his neighbors in the constraint network. There are additional constraints (with a cost of infinity) that guarantee that the mirror variables equal the original variables. The disadvantage of this method is that the number of variables and constraints is much larger than the original, which leads to a higher run-time. A third approach is to adapt existing algorithms, developed for DCOPs, to the ADCOP framework. This has been done for both complete-search algorithms and local-search algorithms. Comparison with strategic games The structure of an ADCOP problem is similar to the game-theoretic concept of a simultaneous game. In both cases, there are agents who control variables (in game theory, the variables are the agents' possible actions or strategies). In both cases, each choice of variables by the different agents result in a different payoff to each agent. However, there is a fundamental difference: In a simultaneous game, the agents are selfish - each of them wants to maximize his/her own utility (or minimize his/her own cost). Therefore, the best outcome that can be sought for in such setting is an equilibrium - a situation in which no agent can unilaterally increase his/her own gain. In an ADCOP, the agents are considered cooperative: they act according to the protocol even if it decreases their own utility. Therefore, the goal is more challenging: we would like to maximize the sum of utilities (or minimize the sum of costs). A Nash equilibrium roughly corresponds to a local optimum of this problem, while we are looking for a global optimum. Partial cooperation There are some intermediate models in which the agents are partially-cooperative: they are willing to decrease their utility to help the global goal, but only if their own cost is not too high. An example of partially-cooperative agents are employees in a firm. On one hand, each employee wants to maximize their own utility; on the other hand, they also want to contribute to the success of the firm. Therefore, they are willing to help others or do some other time-consuming tasks that help the firm, as long as it is not too burdensome on them. Some models for partially-cooperative agents are: Guaranteed personal benefit: the agents agree to act for the global good if their own utility is at least as high as in the non-cooperative setting (i.e., the final outcome must be a Pareto improvement of the original state). Lambda-cooperation: there is a parameter . The agents agree to act for the global good if their own utility is at least as high as times their non-cooperative utility. Solving such partial-coopreation ADCOPs requires adaptations of ADCOP algorithms. See also Constraint satisfaction problem Distributed algorithm Distributed algorithmic mechanism design Notes and references Books and surveys A chapter in an edited book. See Chapters 1 and 2; downloadable free online. Mathematical optimization Constraint programming
Lphant was a peer-to-peer file sharing client for the Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac OS operating systems, which supports the eDonkey Network and the BitTorrent protocol. It was available in 19 languages. The name and logo of the original Lphant application has been replicated in a program called "Lphant 6.0" (see Domain Name Acquisition). Features Lphant is a multi-network client, capable of searching for files by connecting to ed2k servers or through the emule source exchange and the kad network. Files can be downloaded simultaneously using the ed2k and BitTorrent protocols. Lphant supports various experimental ed2k features such as Protocol obfuscation, endgame althorithm and webcache, some of which are only found in eMule mods. However, some emule modders consider Lphant a leeching application and have therefore created algorithms which emulate their mods to Lphant when connecting to an Lphant client. Domain Name Acquisition On March 9, 2009, Discordia Ltd, a Cyprus-based company, acquired the home page and the advertisement server of the original application, respectively lphant.com and adliveserver.com domains. Instead of advertisements, current versions of the original application may display a message suggesting to users they should upgrade Lphant by installing an executable package named LphantV6.exe. Installing this package will result in removal of the original application and loss of eDonkey and BitTorrent connectivity. Users of the original Lphant application can prevent the display of such messages by blocking the ad.adliveserver.com domain using a hosts file or a firewall. The web site has been redesigned using the same elephant-like logo of the original application. The similarity of names and graphics may have caused some download services to falsely advertise the eDonkey and BitTorrent connectivity of the original client while providing the non-original program for download. See also Comparison of eDonkey software References External links The original Lphant 3.51 client, downloadable at Softonic. The sources for the last opensource version of lphant (1.0.1). Windows-only freeware BitTorrent clients Proprietary freeware for Linux File sharing software for Linux C Sharp software
In computer science, tail recursive parsers are a derivation from the more common recursive descent parsers. Tail recursive parsers are commonly used to parse left recursive grammars. They use a smaller amount of stack space than regular recursive descent parsers. They are also easy to write. Typical recursive descent parsers make parsing left recursive grammars impossible (because of an infinite loop problem). Tail recursive parsers use a node reparenting technique that makes this allowable. Example Given an EBNF Grammar such as the following: E: T T: T { '+' F } | F F: F { '*' I } | I I: <identifier> A simple tail recursive parser can be written much like a recursive descent parser. The typical algorithm for parsing a grammar like this using an abstract syntax tree is: Parse the next level of the grammar and get its output tree, designate it the first tree, While there is terminating token, , that can be put as the parent of this node: Allocate a new node, Set 's current operator as the current input token Advance the input one token Set 's left subtree as Parse another level down again and store this as the next tree, Set 's right subtree as Set to Return A basic example of this kind of parser in C is shown here. Implementation details have been omitted for simplicity. typedef struct _exptree exptree; struct _exptree { char token; exptree *left; exptree *right; }; exptree *parse_e(void) { return parse_t(); } exptree *parse_t(void) { exptree *first_f = parse_f(); while (cur_token() == '+') { exptree *replace_tree = alloc_tree(); replace_tree->token = cur_token(); replace_tree->left = first_f; next_token(); replace_tree->right = parse_f(); first_f = replace_tree; } return first_f; } exptree *parse_f(void) { exptree *first_i = parse_i(); while (cur_token() == '*') { exptree *replace_tree = alloc_tree(); replace_tree->token = cur_token(); replace_tree->left = first_i; next_token(); replace_tree->right = parse_i(); first_i = replace_tree; } return first_i; } exptree *parse_i(void) { exptree *i = alloc_tree(); i->left = i->right = NULL; i->token = cur_token(); next_token(); return i; } See also META II Further reading Article in the January 2006 edition of Dr. Dobbs Journal, "Recursive Descent, Tail Recursion, & the Dreaded Double Divide" Parsing algorithms
A static web page, sometimes called a flat page or a stationary page, is a web page that is delivered to a web browser exactly as stored, in contrast to dynamic web pages which are generated by a web application. Consequently, a static web page displays the same information for all users, from all contexts, subject to modern capabilities of a web server to negotiate content-type or language of the document where such versions are available and the server is configured to do so. However, a webpage's JavaScript can introduce dynamic functionality which may make the static web page dynamic. Overview Static web pages are often HTML documents, stored as files in the file system and made available by the web server over HTTP (nevertheless URLs ending with ".html" are not always static). However, loose interpretations of the term could include web pages stored in a database, and could even include pages formatted using a template and served through an application server, as long as the page served is unchanging and presented essentially as stored. The content of static web pages remain stationary irrespective of the number of times it is viewed. Such web pages are suitable for the contents that rarely need to be updated, though modern web template systems are changing this. Maintaining large numbers of static pages as files can be impractical without automated tools, such as static site generators. Any personalization or interactivity has to run client-side, which is restricting. Advantages Provide improved security over dynamic websites (dynamic websites are at risk to web shell attacks if a vulnerability is present) Improved performance for end users compared to dynamic websites Fewer or no dependencies on systems such as databases or other application servers Cost savings from utilizing cloud storage, as opposed to a hosted environment Security configurations are easy to setup, which makes it more secure Disadvantages Dynamic functionality must be performed on the client side Static site generators Static site generators are applications that compile static websites - typically populating HTML templates in a predefined folder and file structure, with content supplied in a format such as Markdown or AsciiDoc. Examples of static site generators include: Ruby programming language: Jekyll (powers GitHub Pages) Middleman Go programming language: Hugo JavaScript programming language: Next.js Astro.build Python programming language: Pelican Julia programming language: Franklin References External links The definitive listing of Static Site Generators, a community-curated list of static site generators. Web 1.0 Static website generators Web development
Platform as a service (PaaS) or application platform as a service (aPaaS) or platform-based service is a category of cloud computing services that allows customers to provision, instantiate, run, and manage a modular bundle comprising a computing platform and one or more applications, without the complexity of building and maintaining the infrastructure typically associated with developing and launching the application(s), and to allow developers to create, develop, and package such software bundles. Development and uses PaaS can be delivered in three ways: As a public cloud service from a provider, where the consumer controls software deployment with minimal configuration options, and the provider provides the networks, servers, storage, operating system (OS), middleware (e.g. Java runtime, .NET runtime, integration, etc.), database and other services to host the consumer's application. As a private service (software or appliance) behind a firewall. As software deployed on public infrastructure as a service. The first public platform as a service was Zimki, launched by Fotango, a London-based company owned by Canon Europe. It was developed in 2005, had a beta launch in March 2006 and a public launch at EuroOSCON in 2006. At the time of its closure, Zimki had several thousand developer accounts. It had demonstrated the technical viability of Platform as a Service, but also provided the first example of the perils of being dependent on a single provider. This was highlighted when the CEO (Simon Wardley, known for Wardley maps) announced at OSCON 2007 that Zimki would no longer be open-sourced and discussed the future of what was then called framework-as-a-service (later called platform-as-a-service) covering the importance of a market of providers based on an open-source reference model. The original intent of PaaS was to simplify the writing of code, with the infrastructure and operations handled by the PaaS provider. Originally, all PaaSes were in the public cloud. Because many companies did not want to have everything in the public cloud, private and hybrid PaaS options (managed by internal IT departments) were created. PaaS provides an environment for developers and companies to create, host and deploy applications, saving developers from the complexities of infrastructure (setting up, configuring and managing elements such as servers and databases). PaaS can improve the speed of developing an app, and allow its user to focus on the application itself. With PaaS, the customer manages applications and data, while the provider (in public PaaS) or IT department (in private PaaS) manages runtime, middleware, operating system, virtualization, servers, storage and networking. Development tools provided by the vendor are customized according to the needs of the user. The user can choose to maintain the software, or have the vendor maintain it. PaaS offerings may also include facilities for application design, application development, testing and deployment, as well as services such as team collaboration, web service integration, and marshalling, database integration, security, scalability, storage, persistence, state management, application versioning, application instrumentation, and developer community facilitation. Besides the service engineering aspects, PaaS offerings include mechanisms for service management, such as monitoring, workflow management, discovery and reservation. Advantages and disadvantages The advantages of PaaS are primarily that it allows for higher-level programming with dramatically reduced complexity; the overall development of the application can be more effective, as it has built-in/self up-and-down ramping infrastructure resources; and maintenance and enhancement of the application is thus easier. Disadvantages of various PaaS providers as cited by their users include increased pricing at larger scales, lack of operational features, reduced control, and the difficulties of traffic routing systems. Types Public, private and hybrid There are several types of PaaS, including public, private and hybrid. PaaS was originally intended for applications on public cloud services, before expanding to include private and hybrid options. Public PaaS is derived from software as a service (SaaS), and is situated in cloud computing between SaaS and infrastructure as a service (IaaS). SaaS is software hosted in the cloud so that it does not take up hard drive space on the computers of users. IaaS provides virtual hardware from a provider with adjustable scalability. With IaaS, the user still has to manage the server, whereas with PaaS the server management is done by the provider. A private PaaS can typically be downloaded and installed either in a company's on-premises data center, or in a public cloud. Once the software is installed on one or more machines, the private PaaS arranges the application and database components into a single hosting platform. Hybrid PaaS is typically a deployment consisting of a mix of public and private deployments. Communications platform as a service A communications platform as a service (CPaaS) is a cloud-based platform that enables developers to add real-time communications features (voice, video, and messaging) in their own applications without building back-end infrastructure and interfaces. Also, CPaaS and hardware and software specifications are specifically designed to support (tele)communications applications. These applications and their usage are much more sensitive to jitter, latency and packet losses. Hosted PBX, cellular networks, (near real-time) applications typically are deployed on CPaaS platforms. Mobile platform as a service Initiated in 2012, mobile PaaS (mPaaS) provides development capabilities for mobile app designers and developers. The Yankee Group identified mPaaS as one of its themes for 2014. Open PaaS Open PaaS does not include hosting but provides open-source software allowing a PaaS provider to run applications in an open-source environment, such as Google App Engine. Some open platforms let the developer use any programming language, database, operating system or server to deploy their applications. Providers There are various types of PaaS providers. All offer application hosting and a deployment environment, along with various integrated services. Services offer varying levels of scalability and maintenance. Developers can write an application and upload it to a PaaS that supports their software language of choice, and the application runs on that PaaS. See also Infrastructure as a service Mobile Backend as a service Network as a service Serverless computing Software as a service References As a service Cloud platforms es:Computación en la nube#Plataforma como servicio
NORSAR is a foundation established in 1968 as part of the Norwegian-US agreement for the detection of earthquakes and nuclear explosions. The name derives from the foundation's original project, the Norwegian Seismic Array. Description Located at Kjeller, north of Oslo, NORSAR runs and maintains seismic arrays in Norway and it is the designated Norwegian National Data Centre for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. NORSAR conducts basic seismological research, develops software and provides consultancy for the petroleum industry. NORSAR was the first non-US site included in ARPANET in June 1973. Its connection went via the Tanum Earth Station in Sweden to the Seismic Data Analysis Center (SDAC) in Virginia, United States. In turn, NORSAR provided the connection point for ARPANET to spread to Peter Kirstein's research group at University College London (UCL) the following month in July 1973. Connecting through NORSAR, the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment (NDRE), along with UCL and RSRE in Britain, were involved in testing TCP/IP. UCL provided a gateway between the ARPANET and UK academic computer networks, the first heterogenous international computer network. In early 1982, NORSAR and UCL left the ARPANET and began to use TCP/IP over SATNET, becoming two of the first nodes on the Internet. Since 1999, NORSAR has been an independent research foundation. See also NORDUnet References External links Government agencies of Norway Research institutes in Norway Foundations based in Norway Organisations based in Skedsmo Organizations established in 1968 Earth science research institutes Seismological observatories, organisations and projects
In computer science, a scale factor is a number used as a multiplier to represent a number on a different scale, functioning similarly to an exponent in mathematics. A scale factor is used when a real-world set of numbers needs to be represented on a different scale in order to fit a specific number format. Although using a scale factor extends the range of representable values, it also decreases the precision, resulting in rounding error for certain calculations. Uses Certain number formats may be chosen for an application for convenience in programming, or because of certain advantages offered by the hardware for that number format. For instance, early processors did not natively support the IEEE floating-point standard for representing fractional values, so integers were used to store representations of the real world values by applying a scale factor to the real value. Similarly, because hardware arithmetic has a fixed width (commonly 16, 32, or 64 bits, depending on the data type), scale factors allow representation of larger numbers (by manually multiplying or dividing by the specified scale factor), though at the expense of precision. By necessity, this was done in software, since the hardware did not support fractional value. Scale factors are also used in floating-point numbers, and most commonly are powers of two. For example, the double-precision format sets aside 11 bits for the scaling factor (a binary exponent) and 53 bits for the significand, allowing various degrees of precision for representing different ranges of numbers, and expanding the range of representable numbers beyond what could be represented using 64 explicit bits (though at the cost of precision). As an example of where precision is lost, a 16-bit unsigned integer (uint16) can only hold a value as large as 65,53510. If unsigned 16-bit integers are used to represent values from 0 to 131,07010, then a scale factor of would be introduced, such that the scaled values correspond exactly to the real-world even integers. As a consequence, for example, the number 3 cannot be represented, because a stored 1 represents a real-world 2, and a stored 2 represents a real-world 4; there are not enough bits available to avoid this error in this representation. Operations on scaled values Once the scaled representation of a real value is stored, the scaling can often be ignored until the value needs to come back into the "real world". For instance, adding two scaled values is just as valid as unscaling the values, adding the real values, and then scaling the result, and the former is much easier and faster. In either approach, though, the two added numbers must be scaled the same. For other operations, the scaling is very important. Multiplication, for instance, needs to take into account that both numbers are scaled. As an example, consider two real world values A and B. The real world multiplication of these real world values is: A * B = P If they are instead represented with a scale factor of Z, and these scaled representations are subsequently multiplied, the result is the following: AZ * BZ = Q AZ is the scaled real world value of A, or simply the product of A * Z, and likewise, BZ is the scaled representation of B. After the scaled multiplication, the answer is not written PZ, because the value stored in PZ is not the answer. This can be seen by rearranging the statement, where each line in the following is equivalent: AZ * BZ = Q A * Z * B * Z = Q (A * B) * Z * Z = Q P * Z * Z = Q PZ * Z = Q In line 4, P substitutes A * B. It follows that the result of AZ * BZ (which is Q) is not PZ, but rather PZ * Z. If PZ were the answer, it could be stored directly since it has the scale factor built in, as is the case with addition and subtraction. For multiplication, however, the product of two scaled values has an extra scaling built in. As long as this is taken into account, there is still no need to convert AZ and BZ into A and B before performing the operation; the result must be divided by Z before storing it back. After this, PZ will be stored as the result of the multiplication, which is indeed the scaled representation of the result of A * B (the desired answer) rather than the result of AZ * BZ (which is still scaled). Common scaling scenarios Fractional values scaled to integers As previously described, many older processors (and possibly some current ones) do not natively support fractional arithmetic. In this case, fractional values can be scaled into integers by multiplying them by ten to the power of whatever decimal precision is desired. In other words, to preserve n digits to the right of the decimal point, it is necessary to multiply the entire number by 10n. In computers, which perform calculations in binary, the real number is multiplied by 2m to preserve m digits to the right of the binary point; alternatively, one can bit shift the value m places to the left. For example, in the following set of real world fractional values, all have three digits to the right of the decimal point: 15.400, 0.133, 4.650, 1.000, 8.001 To save all of that information (in other words, not lose any precision), these numbers must be multiplied by 103 (1,000), giving integer values of: 15400, 133, 4650, 1000, 8001 Because of the value of the scaled numbers, they cannot be stored in 8bit integers; they will require at least 14 unsigned bits, or, more realistically, 16. Integer values to fractions Certain processors, particularly DSPs common in the embedded system industry, have built in support for the fixed-point arithmetic, such as Q and IQ formats. Since the fractional part of a number takes up some bits in the field, the range of values possible in a fixed9point value is less than the same number of bits would provide to an integer. For instance, in an 8 bit field, an unsigned integer can store values from [0, 255], but an unsigned fixed-point with 5 bits allocated to the fractional part only has 3 bits left over for the integer value, and so can only store integer values from [0, 7]. (The number of distinct values that the two fields can store is the same, 28 = 256, because the fixed-point field can also store 32 fractional values for each integer value.) It is therefore common that a scaling factor is used to store real world values that may be larger than the maximum value of the fixed-point format. As an example, when using an unsigned 8-bit fixed-point format (which has 4 integer bits and 4 fractional bits), the highest representable integer value is 15, and the highest representable mixed value is 15.9375 (0xF.F or 1111.1111b). If the desired real world values are in the range [0,160], they must be scaled to fit within this fixed-point representation. A scale factor of cannot be used here, because scaling 160 by gives 16, which is greater than the greatest value that can be stored in this fixed-point format. However, will work as a scale factor, because the maximum scaled value, = 14., fits within this range. Given this set: 154, 101, 54, 3, 0, 160 Scaling these with the scale factor gives the following values: 154/11 = 14 101/11 = 9.1818... 54/11 = 4.9090... 3/11 = 0.2727... 0/11 = 0 160/11 = 14.5454... Many of these values have been truncated because they contain repeating decimals, which follows from the chosen scale factor (elevenths do not terminate in decimal). When storing these in our fixed-point format, some precision will be lost (in contrast to the exact values of the original integers). This is also a problem because an 8-bit format can store 256 different values, but the numbers in this set are from a range with only 161 possible values (0 through 160). As it turns out, the problem was the scale factor, , which introduced unnecessary precision requirements and rounding error (when approximating a real value with the nearest representable value). To avoid or resolve this problem, one must choose a better scale factor. Choosing a scale factor The example above illustrates how certain scale factors can cause unnecessary precision loss or rounding error, highlighting the importance of choosing the right scale factor. Using the scale factor of and converting to binary representations, the following values are obtained: 154/11 = 14 = 1110.0 101/11 = 9.1818... = 1001.00101110... 54/11 = 4.9090... = 100.111010... 3/11 = 0.2727... = 0.010010... 0/11 = 0 = 0.0 160/11 = 14.5454... = 1110.10010... Several of the binary fractions require more than the four fractional bits provided by the set fixed-point format. (This is in part because elevenths do not terminate in binary either.) To fit them into the fields (4 integer and 4 fractional bits), it is possible to truncate the remaining bits, giving the following stored representations: 1110.0000 1001.0010 0100.1110 0000.0100 0000.0000 1110.1001 Or in decimal: 14.0 9.125 4.875 0.25 0.0 14.5625 When they are called back into the real world, they are divided by the scale factor, . This is the inverse of the original scaling, giving the following "real world" values: 154.0 100.375 53.625 2.75 0 160.1875 These values are not equivalent to the originals (before scaling down and fitting into this 8-bit representation). Most noticeably, they are not all integers anymore, immediately indicating that an error was introduced in the storage, due to a poor choice of scaling factor. Choosing a better scale factor Most data sets will not have a perfect scale factor; most likely, there will be some error introduced by the scaling process. However, it may be possible to choose a better scale factor. The ideal scale factor may not be the smallest, but rather one that preserves as much precision as possible. Dividing a number by a power of two is the same as shifting all the bits to the right once for each power of two. (This is the binary equivalent to shifting all decimal digits to the left or right when, respectively, multiplying or dividing by powers of ten.) The pattern of bits does not change, it just moves the number of places equal to the binary exponent (for instance, 3 places to the right when dividing by 8 = 23). On the other hand, when dividing by a number that is not an integer power of two in binary, the bit pattern changes. This is likely to produce a bit pattern with more bits to the right of the binary point, artificially introducing required precision. This is especially true when the fractional part has a denominator that is not a power of two, as all fractions not reciprocals of powers of two recur in binary. Therefore, it is almost always preferable to use a scale factor that is a power of two. It may still be possible to lose bits that get shifted right off the end of the field as a result of truncation, but this avoids introducing new bits that will be imprecise (due to rounding error) or truncated. As an illustration the use of powers of two in the scale factor, a scale factor of can be applied to the above data set. The binary values for the original data set are given below: 154 = 1001 1010 101 = 0110 0101 54 = 0011 0110 3 = 0000 0011 0 = 0000 0000 160 = 1010 0000 Being integers between 0 and 255, these all can be represented precisely with 8 bits. Scaling these by is the same as dividing by 16, which is the same as shifting the bits 4 places to the right. In this case, scaling is done by inserting a binary point between the first 4 bits and last 4 bits of each number. That happens to equal the predetermined format of this representation. Consequently, since all these numbers do not require more than 8 bits to represent them as integers, no more than 8 bits are required to scale them down and store them in a fixed-point format. See also Logarithm Scaling (geometry) Scientific notation References Theory of computation
Wilson Roy Wheeler MBE FRAOU (1905–1988), commonly referred to as W. Roy Wheeler, was an Australian postman and professional ornithologist. He was an active bird bander and was convener of the Altona Survey Group, later part of the Victorian Ornithological Research Group. In 1965 he was awarded the Australian Natural History Medallion. He was a member of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union (RAOU), President 1964–1965, and made a Fellow of the RAOU in 1971. He was also very active in the Bird Observers Club (BOCA), serving as President (1951–1954), Honorary Secretary (1954–1971) and Honorary Treasurer (1963–1971). In 2005 he was commemorated, on the occasion of BOCA's centenary, by the creation of a new award, the W. Roy Wheeler Medallion for Excellence in Field Ornithology. In 1979, he set the record for an Australian big year, with 545 species seen, breaking the record previously held by John McKean (535 species). Wheeler's record has since been bettered, in 1982 by Kevin Bartram (607 species), in 1989 by Mike Entwhistle (633 species), and then in 2002 by Sean Dooley, the current record holder (703 species). Honours 1969 — awarded Member of the British Empire (MBE) for services to nature study and conservation in Victoria 1970 — elected a Fellow of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union Publications References Robin, Libby. (2001). The Flight of the Emu: a hundred years of Australian ornithology 1901–2001. Carlton, Vic. Melbourne University Press. Simpson, Ken; & Weston, Mike. (2005). W. Roy Wheeler Medallion. Bird Observer 836: 3. Australian ornithologists 1905 births 1988 deaths 20th-century Australian zoologists Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
KnowledgeWare was a software company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia co-founded by James Martin and run by Fran Tarkenton. It produced a Computer Aided Software Engineering (CASE) tool called IEW (Information Engineering Workbench) and a subsequent enhancement ADW (Application Development Workbench). These products contained 4 modules known as 'workstations': Planning, Analysis, Design, & Construction. KnowledgeWare was sold to Sterling Software in 1994, which was in its turn acquired by Computer Associates. Tarkenton is credited with having coined, "A fool with a tool is a faster fool" while offering classes at their offices on Peachtree Street. Tarkenton, Don Addington and other executives were eventually involved in legal actions brought by the SEC for engaging in a fraudulent scheme to inflate KnowledgeWare's financial results to meet sales and earnings projections. References Engineering companies of the United States Defunct software companies of the United States Companies based in Atlanta Defunct companies based in Georgia (U.S. state)
Criticism of Google includes concern for tax avoidance, misuse and manipulation of search results, its use of others' intellectual property, concerns that its compilation of data may violate people's privacy and collaboration with the US military on Google Earth to spy on users, censorship of search results and content, and the energy consumption of its servers as well as concerns over traditional business issues such as monopoly, restraint of trade, antitrust, patent infringement, indexing and presenting false information and propaganda in search results, and being an "Ideological Echo Chamber". Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc., is an American multinational public corporation invested in Internet search, cloud computing, and advertising technologies. Google hosts and develops a number of Internet-based services and products, and generates profit primarily from advertising through its Google Ads (formerly AdWords) program. Google's stated mission is "to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful"; this mission, and the means used to accomplish it, have raised concerns among the company's critics. Much of the criticism pertains to issues that have not yet been addressed by cyber law. Shona Ghosh, a journalist for Business Insider, noted that an increasing digital resistance movement against Google has grown. Tax evasion Google cut its taxes by $3.1 billion in the period of 2007 to 2009 using a technique that moves most of its foreign profits through Ireland and The Netherlands to Bermuda. Afterwards, the company started to send £8 billion in profits a year to Bermuda. Google's income shifting—involving strategies known to lawyers as the "Double Irish" and the "Dutch Sandwich"—helped reduce its overseas tax rate to 2.4 percent, the lowest of the top five U.S. technology companies by market capitalization, according to regulatory filings in six countries. According to economist and member of the PvdA delegation inside the Progressive Alliance of Socialists & Democrats in the European Parliament (S&D) Paul Tang, the EU lost, from 2013 to 2015, a loss estimated to be 3.955 billion Euros from Google. When comparing to other countries outside the EU, the EU is only taxing Google with a rate of 0,36 – 0,82% of their revenue (approx. 25-35% of their EBT) whereas this rate is near 8% in countries outside the EU. Even if a rate of 2 to 5% – as suggested by ECOFIN council – would have been applied during this period (2013-2015), a fraud of this rate from Facebook would have meant a loss from 1.262 to 3.155 billion euros in the EU. Google has been accused by a number of countries of avoiding paying tens of billions of dollars of tax through a convoluted scheme of inter-company licensing agreements and transfers to tax havens. For example, Google has used highly contrived and artificial distinctions to avoid paying billions of pounds in corporate tax owed by its UK operations. On May 15, 2013, Margaret Hodge, the chair of the United Kingdom Public Accounts Committee, accused Google of being "calculated and [...] unethical" over its use of the scheme. Google Chairman Eric Schmidt has claimed that this scheme of Google is "capitalism", and that he was "very proud" of it. In November 2012, the UK government announced plans to investigate Google, along with Starbucks and Amazon.com, for possible tax avoidance. In 2015, the UK Government introduced a new law intended to penalize Google's and other large multinational corporations' artificial tax avoidance. On 20 January 2016, Google announced that it would pay £130m in back taxes to settle the investigation. However, only 8 days later, it was announced that Google could end up paying more, and UK tax officials were under investigation for what has been termed a "sweetheart deal" for Google. Antitrust From the 2000s onward, Google and parent company Alphabet Inc. have faced antitrust scrutiny over alleged anti-competitive conduct in violation of competition law in a particular jurisdiction. Antitrust scrutiny of Google has primarily centered on the company's dominance in the search engine and digital advertising markets. The company has also been accused of leveraging control of the Android operating system to illegally curb competition. Google has also received antitrust scrutiny over its control of the Google Play store and alleged "self-preferencing" at the expense of third party developers. Additionally, Google's alleged discrimination against rivals' advertisements on YouTube has been subject to antitrust litigation. More recently, Google Maps and the Google Automotive Services (GAS) package have become the target of antitrust scrutiny. European Union The European Commission has pursued several competition law cases against Google, namely: Complaint that Google abused its position as a dominant search engine to favor its own services over those of competitors. In particular, Google operated a free comparison shopping website Froogle, which it abandoned in favor of a paid-placement-only site called Google Shopping. Other comparison sites complained of a precipitous drop in web traffic due to changes in the Google search algorithm, and some were driven out of business. The investigation began in 2010 and concluded in July 2017 with a €2.42 billion fine against the parent company Alphabet, and an order to change its practices within 90 days. Complaint opened in 2015 that the dominance of the Android operating system was abused to make it difficult for competing third-party apps and search engines to be pre-installed on mobile phones. (See European Union vs. Google.) Complaint opened in 2016 that Google abused its market dominance to prevent competing advertising companies to sell ads to websites already using Google AdSense In June 2023, the EU accused Google of abusing its control of the EU market for buying and selling online advertising to undercut rivals. U.S. antitrust issues In testimony before a U.S. Senate antitrust panel in September 2011, Eric Schmidt, Google's chairman, said that "the Internet is the ultimate level playing field" where users were "one click away" from competitors. Nonetheless, Senator Kohl asked Schmidt if Google's market share constituted a monopolya special power dominant for his company. Schmidt acknowledged that Google's market share was akin to a monopoly, but noted the complexity of the law. During the hearing, Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, accused Google of cooking its search results to favor its own services. Schmidt replied, "Senator, I can assure we haven't cooked anything." In testimony before the same Senate panel, Jeffrey Katz and Jeremy Stoppelman, the chief executives from Google's competitors Nextag and Yelp, said that Google tilts search results in its own favor, limiting choice and stifling competition. In October 2012, it was reported that the U.S. Federal Trade Commission staff were preparing a recommendation that the government sue Google on antitrust grounds. The areas of concern include accusations of manipulating the search results to favor Google services such as Google Shopping for buying goods and Google Places for advertising local restaurants and businesses; whether Google's automated advertising marketplace, AdWords, discriminates against advertisers from competing online commerce services like comparison shopping sites and consumer review Web sites; whether Google's contracts with smartphone makers and carriers prevent them from removing or modifying Google products, such as its Android operating system or Google Search; and Google's use of its smartphone patents. A likely outcome of the antitrust investigations is a negotiated settlement where Google would agree not to discriminate in favor of its products over smaller competitors. Federal Trade Commission ended its investigation during a period which the co-founder of Google, Larry Page, had met with individuals at the White House and the Federal Trade Commission, leading to voluntary changes by Google; since January 2009 to March 2015 employees of Google have met with officials in the White House about 230 times according to The Wall Street Journal. In June 2015, Google reached an advertising agreement with Yahoo!, which would have allowed Yahoo! to feature Google advertisements on its web pages. The alliance between the two companies was never completely realized because of antitrust concerns by the U.S. Department of Justice. As a result, Google pulled out of the deal in November 2018. In September 2023 Google´s antitrust trial United States v. Google LLC (2020) began at federal court in Washington, D.C. in which the DOJ accuses Google of illegally abusing its monopoly power as the largest online search tool. In January 2023, Google was sued by the federal government and several states for its alleged monopoly over digital advertising technology. The complaint alleged that the company had engaged in "anticompetitive and exclusionary conduct" over the previous 15 years. Android On April 20, 2016, the European Union filed a formal antitrust complaint against Google's leverage over Android vendors, alleging that the mandatory bundling of the entire suite of proprietary Google software, hindered the ability for competing search providers to be integrated into Android and that barring vendors from producing devices running forks of Android both constituted anti-competitive practices. In June 2018, the European Commission determined a $5 billion fine for Google regarding the April 2016 complaints. In August 2016, Google was fined US$6.75 million by the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) under similar allegations by Yandex. On April 16, 2018, Umar Javeed, Sukarma Thapar, Aaqib Javeed vs. Google LLC & Ors. resulted in the Competition Commission of India ordering a wider probe investigation order against Google Android illegal business practices. The investigations arm of the CCI should complete the wider probe in the case within 150 days, the order said, though such cases at the watchdog typically drag on for years. The CCI also said the role of any Google executive in the alleged abuse of the Android platform should also be examined. "Jedi Blue" advertising market monopolization in collusion with Facebook According to the group of 15 state attorneys general suing Google for antitrust issues, Google and Facebook entered into a price-fixing agreement termed Jedi Blue to monopolize the online advertising market and prevent the entry of the fairer header bidding method of advertisement sales on any major advertising platform. The agreement consisted of Facebook using the Google-managed system for bidding on and managing online ads in exchange for preferential rates and priority on prime ad placement. This allowed Google to retain its profitable monopoly over online ad exchanges, while saving Facebook billions of dollars on attempts to build competing systems. Over 200 newspapers have sued Google and Facebook to recover losses incurred by the collusion. Google admitted that the deal contained, "a provision governing cooperation between Google and Facebook in the event of certain government investigations." Google has an internal team called gTrade dedicated to maximizing Google's advertising profits, reportedly using insider information, price fixing, and leveraging Google's relative monopoly positions. Criticism of search engine Possible misuse of search results In 2006/2007, a group of Austrian researchers observed a tendency to misuse the Google engine as a "reality interface". Ordinary users as well as journalists tend to rely on the first pages of Google Search, assuming that everything not listed there is either not important or simply does not exist. The researchers say that "Google has become the main interface for our whole reality. To be precise: with the Google interface, the user gets the impression that the search results imply a kind of totality. In fact, one only sees a small part of what one could see if one also integrates other research tools". Eric Schmidt, Google's chief executive, said in a 2007 interview with the Financial Times: "The goal is to enable Google users to be able to ask the question such as 'What shall I do tomorrow?' and 'What job shall I take?. Schmidt reaffirmed this during a 2010 interview with The Wall Street Journal: "I actually think most people don't want Google to answer their questions; they want Google to tell them what they should be doing next." Numerous companies and individuals, for example, MyTriggers.com and transport tycoon Sir Brian Souter, have voiced concerns regarding the fairness of Google's PageRank and search results after their web sites disappeared from Google's first-page results. In the case of MyTriggers.com, the Ohio-based shopping comparison search site accused Google of favoring its own services in search results (although the judge eventually ruled that the site failed to show harm to other similar businesses). Danger of ranking manipulation PageRank, Google's page ranking algorithm, can and has been manipulated for political and humorous reasons. To illustrate the view that Google's search engine could be subjected to manipulation, Google Watch implemented a Google bomb by linking the phrase "out-of-touch executives" to Google's own page on its corporate management. The attempt was mistakenly attributed to disgruntled Google employees by The New York Times, which later printed a correction. Daniel Brandt started the Google Watch website and has criticized Google's PageRank algorithms, saying that they discriminate against new websites and favor established sites. Chris Beasley, who started Google Watch-Watch, disagrees, saying that Mr. Brandt overstates the amount of discrimination that new websites face and that new websites will naturally rank lower when the ranking is based on a site's "reputation". In Google's world, a site's reputation is in part determined by how many and which other sites link to it (links from sites with a "better" reputation of their own carry more weight). Since new sites will seldom be as heavily linked as older more established sites, they aren't as well known, won't have as much of a reputation, and will receive a lower page ranking. In testimony before a U.S. Senate antitrust panel in September 2011, Jeffrey Katz, the chief executive of NexTag, said that Google's business interests conflict with its engineering commitment to an open-for-all Internet and that: "Google doesn't play fair. Google rigs its results, biasing in favor of Google Shopping and against competitors like us." Jeremy Stoppelman, the chief of Yelp, said sites like his have to cooperate with Google because it is the gateway to so many users and "Google then gives its own product preferential treatment." In earlier testimony at the same hearing, Eric Schmidt, Google's chairman, said that Google does not "cook the books" to favor its own products and services. Portrayals of race and gender In 2013, Emily McManus, managing editor for TED.com, searched for "english major who taught herself calculus" which prompted Google to ask, "Did you mean: english major who taught himself calculus?" Her tweet of the incident gained traction online. One response included a screengrab of a search for "how much is a wnba ticket?" to which the auto-correct feature suggested, "how much is an nba ticket?" Google responded directly to McManus and explained that the phrase "taught himself calculus" appeared about 282,000 times, whereas the phrase "taught herself calculus" appeared about 4,000 times. The company also made note of its efforts to bring more women into STEM fields. In 2015, a man tweeted a screengrab showing that Google Photos had tagged two African American people as gorillas. Google apologized, saying they were "appalled and genuinely sorry" and was "working on longer-term fixes." An investigation by WIRED two years later showed that the company's solution has been to censor searches for "gorilla," "chimp," "chimpanzee," and "monkey." Google Shopping rankings In late May 2012, Google announced that they will no longer be maintaining a strict separation between search results and advertising. Google Shopping (formerly known as Froogle) would be replaced with a nearly identical interface, according to the announcement, but only paid advertisers would be listed instead of the neutral aggregate listings shown previously. Furthermore, rankings would be determined primarily by which advertisers place the highest "bid", though the announcement does not elaborate on this process. The transition was completed in the fall of 2012. As a result of this change to Google Shopping, Microsoft, who operates the competing search engine Bing, launched a public information campaign titled Scroogled. The ad campaign was developed by leading political campaign strategist Mark Penn. It is unclear how consumers have reacted to this move. Critics charge that Google has effectively abandoned its "Don't be evil" motto and that small businesses will be unable to compete against their larger counterparts. There is also concern that consumers who did not see this announcement will be unaware that they are now looking at paid advertisements and that the top results are no longer determined solely based on relevance but instead will be manipulated according to which company paid the most. Copyright issues Google Print, Books, and Library Google's ambitious plans to scan millions of books and make them readable through its search engine have been criticized for copyright infringement. The Association for Learned and Professional Society Publishers and the Association of American University Presses both issued statements strongly opposing Google Print, stating that "Google, an enormously successful company, claims a sweeping right to appropriate the property of others for its own commercial use unless it is told, case by case and instance by instance, not to." China Written Works Copyright Society (CWWCS) In a separate dispute in November 2009, the China Written Works Copyright Society (CWWCS), which protects Chinese writers' copyrights, accused Google of scanning 18,000 books by 570 Chinese writers without authorization, for its Google Books library. Toward the end of 2009 representatives of the CWWCS said talks with Google about copyright issues are progressing well, that first they "want Google to admit their mistake and apologize", then talk about compensation, while at the same time they "don't want Google to give up China in its digital library project". On November 20, 2009, Google agreed to provide a list of Chinese books it had scanned, but did not admit having "infringed" copyright laws. In a January 9, 2010 statement the head of Google Books in the Asia-Pacific said "communications with Chinese writers have not been good enough" and apologized to the writers. Links and cached data Kazaa and the Church of Scientology have used the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) to demand that Google remove references to allegedly copyrighted material on their sites. Search engines such as Google's that link to sites in "good faith" fall under the safe harbor provisions of the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act which is part of DMCA. If they remove links to infringing content after receiving a take down notice, they are not liable. Google removes links to infringing content when requested, provided that supporting evidence is supplied. However, it is sometimes difficult to judge whether or not certain sites are infringing and Google (and other search engines) will sometimes refuse to remove web pages from its index. To complicate matters there have been conflicting rulings from U.S. courts on whether simply linking to infringing content constitutes "contributory infringement" or not. The New York Times has complained that the caching of their content during a web crawl, a feature utilized by search engines including Google Web Search, violates copyright. Google observes Internet standard mechanisms for requesting that caching be disabled via the robots.txt file, which is another mechanism that allows operators of a website to request that part or all of their site not be included in search engine results, or via META tags, which allow a content editor to specify whether a document can be crawled or archived, or whether the links on the document can be followed. The U.S. District Court of Nevada ruled that Google's caches do not constitute copyright infringement under American law in Field v. Google and Parker v. Google. On February 20, 2017, Google agreed to a voluntary United Kingdom code of practice obligating it to demote links to copyright-infringing content in its search results. Google Map Maker Google Map Maker allows user-contributed data to be put into the Google Maps service, similar to OpenStreetMap it includes concepts such as organising mapping parties and mapping for humanitarian efforts. It has been criticized for taking work done for free by the general public and claiming commercial ownership of it without returning any contributions back to the commons as their restrictive license makes it incompatible with most open projects by preventing commercial use or use by competitive services. Google Pinyin Google allegedly used code from Chinese company Sohu's Sogou Pinyin for its own input method editor, Google Pinyin. Where's the Fair Use? On February 16, 2016, internet reviewer Doug Walker (The Nostalgia Critic) posted a video about his concerns related to YouTube's current copyright-claiming system, which was apparently being tipped in favor of claimants rather than creators despite many of those videos being reported as covered under Fair Use laws. The video featured stories of other YouTubers' experiences with the copyright system, including fellow Channel Awesome producer Brad Jones, who received a strike on his channel for uploading a film review that took place in a parked car and contained no footage from the film itself. In the video, Walker encouraged others to spread the message using the hashtag #WTFU (Where's the Fair Use?) on social media. The hashtag spread among multiple YouTubers, who gave their support to Walker and Channel Awesome and relaying their own stories of issues with YouTube's copyright system, including Dan Murrell of Screen Junkies, GradeAUnderA, and Let's Play producers Mark Fishbach (Markiplier) and Seán William McLoughlin (Jacksepticeye). Ten days later, on February 26, 2016, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki tweeted a link to a post from the YouTube Help Forum and thanked the community for bringing the issue to their attention. The post, written by a member of the YouTube Policy Team named Spencer (no last name was given), stated that they will be working to strengthen communication between creators and YouTube Support and "improvements to increase transparency into the status of monetization claims." Privacy Google's March 1, 2012 privacy change enables the company to share data across a wide variety of services. This includes embedded services in millions of third-party websites using AdSense and Analytics. The policy was widely criticized as creating an environment that discourages Internet innovation by making Internet users more fearful online. In December 2009, after privacy concerns were raised, Google's CEO, Eric Schmidt, declared: "If you have something that you don't want anyone to know, maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the first place. If you really need that kind of privacy, the reality is that search engines—including Google—do retain this information for some time and it's important, for example, that we are all subject in the United States to the Patriot Act and it is possible that all that information could be made available to the authorities." Privacy International has raised concerns regarding the dangers and privacy implications of having a centrally located, widely popular data warehouse of millions of Internet users' searches, and how under controversial existing U.S. law, Google can be forced to hand over all such information to the U.S. government. In its 2007 Consultation Report, Privacy International ranked Google as "Hostile to Privacy", its lowest rating on their report, making Google the only company in the list to receive that ranking. At the Techonomy conference in 2010, Eric Schmidt predicted that "true transparency and no anonymity" is the way forward for the internet: "In a world of asynchronous threats it is too dangerous for there not to be some way to identify you. We need a [verified] name service for people. Governments will demand it." He also said that "If I look at enough of your messaging and your location, and use artificial intelligence, we can predict where you are going to go. Show us 14 photos of yourself and we can identify who you are. You think you don't have 14 photos of yourself on the internet? You've got Facebook photos!" In the summer of 2016, Google quietly dropped its ban on personally identifiable info in its DoubleClick ad service. Google's privacy policy was changed to state it "may" combine web-browsing records obtained through DoubleClick with what the company learns from the use of other Google services. While new users were automatically opted-in, existing users were asked if they wanted to opt-in, and it remains possible to opt-out by going to the Activity controls in the My Account page of a Google account. ProPublica states that "The practical result of the change is that the DoubleClick ads that follow people around on the web may now be customized to them based on your name and other information Google knows about you. It also means that Google could now, if it wished to, build a complete portrait of a user by name, based on everything they write in email, every website they visit and the searches they conduct." Google contacted ProPublica to correct the fact that it doesn't "currently" use Gmail keywords to target web ads. Google has a US$1.2 billion artificial intelligence and surveillance contract with the Israeli military known as Project Nimbus. According to Google employees, the Israeli military could use this technology to expand its surveillance of Palestinians living in occupied territories. In what has been described as "retaliation for publicly criticizing the contract," Google relocated an outspoken employee overseas. Other Palestinian employees have described an "institutionalised bias" within the company. Disha Ravi's arrest Google shared environment activist Disha Ravi's document on Google Docs with the Delhi police which led to her arrest. Censorship Google has been criticized for various instances of censoring its search results, many times in compliance with the laws of various countries, most notably while it operated in China from January 2006 to March 2010. Web search As of December 12, 2012, Google's SafeSearch feature applies to image searches in the United States. Prior to the change, three SafeSearch settings—"on", "moderate", and "off"—were available to users. Following the change, two "Filter explicit results" settings—"on" and "off"—were newly established. The former and new "on" settings are similar and exclude explicit images from search results. The new "off" setting still permits explicit images to appear in search results, but users need to enter more specific search requests, and no direct equivalent of the old "off" setting exists following the change. The change brings image search results into line with Google's existing settings for web and video search. Some users have stated that the lack of a completely unfiltered option amounts to "censorship" by Google. A Google spokesperson disagreed, saying that Google is "not censoring any adult content", and "[wants] to show users exactly what they are looking for—but we aim not to show sexually explicit results unless a user is specifically searching for them." The search term "bisexual" was blacklisted for Instant Search until 2012, when it was removed at the request of the BiNet USA advocacy organization. China Google has been involved in the censorship of certain sites in specific countries and regions. Until March 2010, Google adhered to the Internet censorship policies of China, enforced by filters colloquially known as "The Great Firewall of China". Google.cn search results were filtered to remove some information perceived to be harmful to the People's Republic of China (PRC). Google claimed that some censorship is necessary in order to keep the Chinese government from blocking Google entirely, as occurred in 2002. The company claims it did not plan to give the government information about users who search for blocked content, and will inform users that content has been restricted if they attempt to search for it. As of 2009, Google was the only major China-based search engine to explicitly inform the user when search results are blocked or hidden. As of December 2012, Google no longer informs the user of possible censorship for certain queries during search. Some Chinese Internet users were critical of Google for assisting the Chinese government in repressing its own citizens, particularly those dissenting against the government and advocating for human rights. Furthermore, Google had been denounced and called hypocritical by Free Media Movement for agreeing to China's demands while simultaneously fighting the United States government's requests for similar information. Google China had also been condemned by Reporters Without Borders, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International. In 2009, China Central Television, Xinhua News Agency, and People's Daily all reported on Google's "dissemination of obscene information", and People's Daily claimed that "Google's 'don't be evil' motto becomes a fig leaf". The Chinese government imposed administrative penalties to Google China, and demanded a reinforcement of censorship. In 2010, according to a leaked diplomatic cable from the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, there were reports that the Chinese Politburo directed the intrusion of Google's computer systems in a worldwide coordinated campaign of computer sabotage and the attempt to access information about Chinese dissidents, carried out by "government operatives, public security experts and Internet outlaws recruited by the Chinese government." The report suggested that it was part of an ongoing campaign in which attackers have "broken into American government computers and those of Western allies, the Dalai Lama and American businesses since 2002." In response to the attack, Google announced that they were "no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn, and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law, if at all." On March 22, 2010, after talks with Chinese authorities failed to reach an agreement, the company redirected its censor-complying Google China service to its Google Hong Kong service, which is outside the jurisdiction of Chinese censorship laws. From the business perspective, many recognize that the move was likely to affect Google's profits: "Google is going to pay a heavy price for its move, which is why it deserves praise for refusing to censor its service in China." However, at least as of March 23, 2010, "The Great Firewall" continues to censor search results from the Hong Kong portal, www.google.com.hk (as it does with the US portal, www.google.com) for controversial terms such as "Falun gong" and "the June 4 incident" (1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre). In 2018, Lhadon Tethong, director of the Tibet Action Institute, said there was a, "crisis of repression unfolding across China and territories it controls." and that, "it is shocking to know that Google is planning to return to China and has been building a tool that will help the Chinese authorities engage in censorship and surveillance." She further noted that "Google should be using its incredible wealth, talent, and resources to work with us to find solutions to lift people up and help ease their suffering — not assisting the Chinese government to keep people in chains." Turkey Google has been involved in censorship of Google Maps satellite imagery countrywide affecting Android and iOS apps using .com, .tr, and .tld automatically. Desktop users can easily evade this censorship by just removing .tr, and .tld from the URL but the same technique is impossible with smartphone apps. Russia Google removed the Smart Voting app from the Play Store before the 2021 Russian legislative election. The application, which had been created by the associates of the imprisoned opposition leader Alexei Navalny, offered voting advice for all voting districts in Russia. It was removed after a meeting with Russian Federation Council officials on 16 September 2021. The Wired reported that several Google employees were threatened with criminal prosecution. Google's actions were condemned as political censorship by Russian opposition figures. In March 2022, Google removed an app, designed to help Russians register protest votes against Putin, from its Play Store. AdSense/AdWords In February 2003, Google stopped showing the advertisements of Oceana, a non-profit organization protesting a major cruise ship operation's sewage treatment practices. Google cited its editorial policy at the time, stating "Google does not accept advertising if the ad or site advocates against other individuals, groups, or organizations." The policy was later changed. In April 2008, Google refused to run ads for a UK Christian group opposed to abortion, explaining that "At this time, Google policy does not permit the advertisement of websites that contain 'abortion and religion-related content.'" The UK Christian group sued Google for discrimination, and as a result, in September 2008 Google changed its policy and anti-abortion ads were allowed. In August 2008, Google closed the AdSense account of a site that carried a negative view of Scientology, the second closing of such a site within 3 months. It is not certain if the account revocations actually were on the grounds of anti-religious content, however, the cases have raised questions about Google's terms in regards to AdSense/AdWords. The AdSense policy states that "Sites displaying Google ads may not include […] advocacy against any individual, group, or organization", which allows Google to revoke the above-mentioned AdSense accounts. In May 2011, Google cancelled the AdWord advertisement purchased by a Dublin sex worker rights group named "Turn Off the Blue Light" (TOBL), claiming that it represented an "egregious violation" of company ad policy by "selling adult sexual services". However, TOBL is a nonprofit campaign for sex worker rights and is not advertising or selling adult sexual services. In July, after TOBL members held a protest outside Google's European headquarters in Dublin and wrote to complain, Google relented, reviewed the group's website, found its content to be advocating a political position, and restored the AdWord advertisement. In June 2012, Google rejected the Australian Sex Party's ads for AdWords and sponsored search results for the July 12 by-election for the state seat of Melbourne, saying the Party breached its rules which prevent solicitation of donations by a website that did not display tax-exempt status. Although the Sex Party amended its website to display tax deductibility information, Google continued to ban the ads. The ads were reinstated on election eve after it was reported in the media that the Sex Party was considering suing Google. On September 13, 2012, the Party lodged formal complaints against Google with the US Department of Justice and the Australian competition watchdog, accusing Google of "unlawful interference in the conduct of a state election in Victoria with corrupt intent" in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. YouTube YouTube is a video sharing website acquired by Google in 2006. YouTube's Terms of Service prohibits the posting of videos which violate copyrights or depict pornography, illegal acts, gratuitous violence, or hate speech. User-posted videos that violate such terms may be removed and replaced with a message stating: "This video is no longer available because its content violated YouTube's Terms of Service". YouTube has been criticized by national governments for failing to police content. For example, videos have been critically accused for being "left up", among other videos featuring unwarranted violence or strong ill-intention against people who probably didn't want this to be published. In 2006, Thailand blocked access to YouTube for users with Thai IP addresses. Thai authorities identified 20 offensive videos and demanded that YouTube remove them before it would unblock any YouTube content. In 2007 a Turkish judge ordered access to YouTube blocked because of content that insulted Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, which is a crime under Turkish law. On February 22, 2008, Pakistan Telecommunications Authority (PTA) attempted to block regional access to YouTube following a government order. The attempt inadvertently caused a worldwide YouTube blackout that took 2 hours to correct. Four days later, PTA lifted the ban after YouTube removed controversial religious comments made by a Dutch Member of Parliament concerning Islam. YouTube has also been criticized by its users for attempting to censor content. In November 2007, the account of Wael Abbas, a well known Egyptian activist who posted videos of police brutality, voting irregularities and anti-government demonstrations, was blocked for three days. In February 2008, a video produced by the American Life League that accused a Planned Parenthood television commercial of promoting recreational sex was removed, then reinstated two days later. In October, a video by political speaker Pat Condell criticizing the British government for officially sanctioning sharia law courts in Britain was removed, then reinstated two days later. YouTube also pulled a video of columnist Michelle Malkin showing violence by Muslim extremists. Siva Vaidhyanathan, a professor of Media Studies at the University of Virginia, commented that while, in his opinion, Michelle Malkin disseminates bigotry in her blog, "that does not mean that this particular video is bigoted; it's not. But because it's by Malkin, it's a target." In 2019, YouTube settled for $170 million the FTC and the New York Attorney General for alleged violations of the US Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), which prohibits internet companies from collecting data from kids under 13. YouTube's enactment of the settlement started in January 2020; this required creators to indicate whether their videos were intended for children, with fines of up to $42,530 per violation of COPPA. Some features that depend on user data are disabled on videos designated for children, including comments and channel branding watermarks; the 'donate' button; cards and end screens; live chat and live chat donations; notifications; and 'save to playlist' or 'watch later' features. Such channels will also become "ungooglable". In October 2021, YouTube, together with Snapchat and TikTok, participated in a Senate hearing on protecting children online. The session was prompted by Facebook whistle blower Frances Haugen's hearing prior. In the hearing, the social media companies tried to distance themselves from Facebook, to which Senate Commerce consumer protection Chair Richard Blumenthal responded saying “Being different from Facebook is not a defense", "That bar is in the gutter." Ungoogleable In 2013, Google successfully prevented the Swedish Language Council from including the Swedish version of the word "ungoogleable" ("") in its list of new words. Google objected to its definition (which referred to web searches in general without mentioning Google specifically) and the council was forced to remove it to avoid legal confrontation with Google. They also accused Google of "trying to control the Swedish language". Other types of censorship In August 2022, Google closed a person's account on sharing pictures of his son's sensitive areas with the doctor, as it was flagged as child abuse by Google's automated systems. Labor practices Several former Google employees have spoken out about working conditions, practices, and ethics at the company. As the company became more concerned about leaks to the press in 2019, it scaled employee all-hands meetings from weekly to monthly, limiting question topics to business and product strategy. Google CEO Sundar Pichai told employees in late 2019 that the company is "genuinely struggling with some issues" including transparency and employee trust. On 2 December 2020, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) filed a complaint against Google for 'terminations and intimidation in order to quell workplace activism'. The complaint was filed after a year-long investigation by a terminated employee. He filed a petition in 2019, after that many Google employees carried out internal protests against Google's work with US Customs and Border Protection. Diversity politics A widely circulated internal memo, written by senior engineer James Damore, Google's Ideological Echo Chamber, sharply criticized Google's political biases and employee policies. Google said the memo was "advancing harmful gender stereotypes" and fired Damore. David Brooks demanded the resignation of its CEO Sundar Pichai for mishandling the case. Ads criticizing Pichai and Google for the firing were put up shortly after at various Google locations. Some have called to boycott Google and its services, with a hashtag #boycottGoogle coming up on Twitter. A rally against Google alleged partisanship was planned as "March on Google", but later cancelled due to threats and the Charlottesville mayhem. Arne Wilberg, an ex-YouTube recruiter, claimed that he was fired in November 2017 when he complained about Google's new practices in not hiring white and Asian men to YouTube in favor of women and minority applicants. According to the lawsuit, an internal policy document stated that for three months in 2017, YouTube recruiters should only hire diverse candidates. In June 2021, Google removed its global lead for diversity strategy and research after being made aware of an antisemitic comment he made in 2007. Harassment and discrimination In February 2016, Amit Singhal, vice president of Google Search for 15 years, left the company following sexual harassment allegations. Google has awarded Singhal $15 million in severance. On November 1, 2018, approximately 20,000 employees of Google engaged in a worldwide walkout to protest the way in which the company has handled sexual harassment, and other grievances. In July 2019, Google settled a long-running age discrimination lawsuit brought by 227 over-40 employees and job seekers. Although Google denied it had age discrimination, it agreed to a settlement of $11 million for the plaintiffs, to train its employees not to have age-based bias, and to have its recruiting department focus on age diversity among its engineering employees. In January 2020, the San Francisco Pride organization voted to ban Google and YouTube from their annual Pride parade due to hate speech on their platforms and retaliation against LBGTQ activists. In 2020, HR executive Eileen Naughton joined long-time Chief Legal Counsel David Drummond in stepping down from their positions over a lawsuit naming them and the company founders in accusations of mishandling years of sexual harassment complaints. In February 2020, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) opened an investigation into former Google employee Chelsey Glasson's allegations of pregnancy discrimination. Glasson filed a state civil lawsuit while the EEOC investigated, with a trial date set for January 2022. She settled with the company in February 2022. She revealed that Google's legal team obtained therapy notes from her sessions through the company's Employee assistance program counseling provider, and that the provider dropped her as a client when she filed the lawsuit, which sparked Senator Karen Keiser to introduce a bill in Washington in January 2022 to prohibit private sector providers from disclosing private information typically covered under Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act laws. Also in January 2022, she criticized the company's use of non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) in testimony to the Washington House of Representatives for whistleblower protection legislature, which she said intimidated her from speaking out about the discrimination she allegedly witnessed and experienced. In response, Google told Protocol that their confidentiality agreements do not prevent current and former workers from disclosing facts pertaining to harassment or discrimination. Both laws were passed into legislature in March 2022. Allegations of union busting The official settlement agreement that Google signed with the NLRB in 2019 includes this notice to be sent to employees: Google has been criticized for hiring IRI Consultants, a firm that advertises its accomplishments in helping organizations prevent successful union organizing. Google Zurich attempted to cancel employee-organized meetings about labor rights in June and October 2019. Some Google employees and contractors are already unionized, including security guards, some service workers, and analysts and trainers for Google Shopping in Pittsburgh employed by contractor HCL. In 2021 court documents revealed that between 2018 and 2020 Google ran an anti-union campaign called Project Vivian to "convince [employees] that unions suck”. As of December 2019, the National Labor Relations Board is investigating whether several firings were in retaliation for labor organizing-related activities. One of the fired employees was tasked with informing her colleagues about Google policy changes, and created a message informing them that they, "have the right to participate in protected concerted activities," when they visited the IRI Consultants site. Xinjiang region In 2020, the Australian Strategic Policy Institute accused at least 82 major brands, including Google, of being connected to forced Uyghur labor in Xinjiang. Other Non-alignment with US defense Former Deputy Defense Secretary Robert O. Work in 2018 criticized Google and its employees have stepped into a Moral Hazard for themselves as not continuing Pentagon's artificial intelligence project, Project Maven, while helping China's AI technology that "could be used against the United States in a conflict." He described Google as hypocritical, given it has opened an AI center in China and "Anything that's going on in the AI center in China is going to the Chinese government and then will ultimately end up in the hands of the Chinese military." Work said "I didn't see any Google employee saying, 'Hmm, maybe we shouldn't do that.'" Google's dealings with China is decrying as unpatriotic. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford also criticizes Google as "it's inexplicable" that it continue investing in China, "who uses censorship technology to restrain freedoms and crackdown on people there and has long history of intellectual property and patent theft which hurts U.S. companies," while simultaneously not renewing further research and development collaborations with the Pentagon. He said, "I'm not sure that people at Google will enjoy a world order that is informed by the norms and standards of Russia or China." He urges Google to work directly with the U.S. government instead of making controversial inroads into China. Senator Mark Warner (D-VA) criticized Dragonfly evidences China's success at "recruit[ing] U.S. companies to their information control efforts" while China exports cyber and censorship infrastructure to countries like Venezuela, Ethiopia, and Pakistan. Energy consumption Google has been criticized for the high amount of energy used to maintain its servers, but was praised by Greenpeace for the use of renewable sources of energy to run them. Google has pledged to spend millions of dollars to investigate cheap, clean, renewable energy, and has installed solar panels on the roofs at its Mountain View facilities. In 2010, Google also invested $39 million in wind power. Google bus protests In late 2013, activists in the San Francisco Bay Area began protesting the use of shuttle buses by Google and other tech companies, viewing them as symbols of gentrification and displacement in a city where the rapid growth of the tech sector has driven up housing prices. Google Video On August 15, 2007 Google discontinued its Download-to-own/Download-to-rent (DTO/DTR) program. Some videos previously purchased for ownership under that program were no longer viewable when the embedded Digital Rights Management (DRM) licenses were revoked. Google gave refunds for the full amount spent on videos using "gift certificates" (or "bonuses") to their customers' "Google Checkout Account". After a public uproar, Google issued full refunds to the credit cards of the Google Video users without revoking the gift certificates. Search within search For some search results, Google provides a secondary search box that can be used to search within a website identified from the first search. It sparked controversy among some online publishers and retailers. When performing a second search within a specific website, advertisements from competing and rival companies often showed up together with the results from the website being searched. This has the potential to draw users away from the website they were originally searching. "While the service could help increase traffic, some users could be siphoned away as Google uses the prominence of the brands to sell ads, typically to competing companies." In order to combat this controversy, Google has offered to turn off this feature for companies who request to have it removed. According to software engineer Ben Lee and Product Manager Jack Menzel, the idea for search within search originated from the way users were searching. It appeared that users were often not finding exactly what they needed while trying to explore within a company site. "Teleporting" on the web, where users need only type part of the name of a website into Google (no need to remember the entire URL) in order to find the correct site, is what helps Google users complete their search. Google took this concept a step further and instead of just "teleporting", users could type in keywords to search within the website of their choice. Naming of Go programming language Google is criticized for naming their programming language "Go" while there is already an existing programming language called "Go!". Potential security threats Google's Street View has been criticized for providing information that could potentially be useful to terrorists. In the United Kingdom during March 2010, Liberal Democrats MP Paul Keetch and unnamed military officers criticized Google for including pictures of the entrance to the British Army Special Air Service (SAS) base, stating that terrorists might use the information to plan attacks. Google responded that it "only takes images from public roads and this is no different to what anyone could see traveling down the road themselves, therefore there is no appreciable security risk." Military sources stated that "It is highly irresponsible for military bases, especially special forces, to be pictured on the internet. [...] The question is, why risk a very serious security breach for the sake of having a picture on a website?" Google was subsequently forced to remove images of the SAS base and other military, security and intelligence installations, admitting that its trained drivers had failed to not take photographs in areas banned under the Official Secrets Act. In 2008, Google complied with requests from The Pentagon to remove Street View images of the entrances to military bases. Politics Scope of influence Despite being one of the world's largest and most influential companies, unlike many other technology companies, Google does not disclose its political spending. In August 2010, New York City Public Advocate Bill de Blasio launched a national campaign urging the corporation to disclose all of its political spending. In the 2010s, Google spent about $150 million on lobbying, largely related to privacy protections and regulation of monopolies. Google sponsors several non-profit lobbying groups, such as the Coalition for a Digital Economy (Coadec) in the UK. Google has sponsored meetings of the conservative Competitive Enterprise Institute who have had speakers including libertarian Republican and Tea Party member, and Senator for Kentucky, Rand Paul. Peter Thiel stated that Google had too much influence on the Obama administration, claiming that the company "had more power under Obama than Exxon had under Bush 43". There are many revolving door examples between Google and the U.S. government. This includes: 53 revolving door moves between Google and the White House; 22 former White House officials who left the administration to work for Google and 31 Google executives who joined the White House; 45 Obama for America campaign staffers leaving for Google or Google controlled companies; 38 revolving door moves between Google and government positions involving national security, intelligence or the Department of Defense; 23 revolving door moves between Google and the State Department; and 18 Pentagon officials moving to Google. As of 2018, studies found that employees of Alphabet donated largely to support the election of candidates from the Democratic Party. In 2023, Alphabet lobbied on antitrust issues and three particular antitrust bills, spending $7.43 million in the first quarter of 2023, lobbying the federal government and more money in the second quarter of 2023, than in any quarter since 2018. Climate change In 2013, Google joined the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC). In September 2014, Google chairman Eric Schmidt announced the company would leave ALEC for lying about climate change and "hurting our children". In 2018, Google started an oil, gas, and energy division, hiring Darryl Willis, a 25-year BP executive who The Wall Street Journal said was intended "to court the oil and gas industry." Google Cloud signed an agreement with the French oil company Total S.A., "to jointly develop artificial intelligence solutions for subsurface data analysis in oil and gas exploration and production." A partnership with Houston oil investment bank Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. was described by the Houston Chronicle as giving Google "a more visible presence in Houston as one of its oldest industries works to cut costs in the wake of the oil bust and remain competitive as electric vehicles and renewable power sources gain market share." Other agreements were made with oilfield services companies Baker Hughes and Schlumberger, and Anadarko Petroleum, to use "artificial intelligence to analyse large volumes of seismic and operational data to find oil, maximise output and increase efficiency," and negotiations were started with petroleum giant Saudi Aramco. In 2019, Google was criticised for sponsoring a conference that included a session promoting climate change denial. LibertyCon speaker Caleb Rossiter belongs to the Coalition, a nonprofit that advocates for more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. In November 2019, over 1,000 Google employees demanded that the company commit to zero emissions by 2030 and cancel contracts with fossil fuel companies. In February 2022, the NewClimate Institute, a German environmental policy think tank, published a survey evaluating the transparency and progress of the climate strategies and carbon neutrality pledges announced by 25 major companies in the United States that found that Alphabet's carbon neutrality pledge and climate strategy was unsubstantiated and misleading. In April 2022, Alphabet, Meta Platforms, Shopify, McKinsey & Company, and Stripe, Inc. announced a $925 million advance market commitment of carbon dioxide removal from companies that are developing the technology over the next 9 years. In January 2023, the American Clean Power Association released an annual industry report that found that 326 corporations had contracted 77.4 gigawatts of wind or solar energy by the end of 2022 and that the three corporate purchasers of the largest volumes of wind and solar energy were Alphabet, Amazon, and Meta Platforms. AGreenerGoogle.com In April 2020, Extinction Rebellion launched "agreenergoogle.com", a spoof website containing a fake announcement by Google CEO Sundar Pichai claiming that "they would stop funding of organizations that deny or work to block action on climate change, effective immediately". YouTube user comments Most YouTube videos allow users to leave comments, and these have attracted attention for the negative aspects of both their form and content. In 2006, Time praised Web 2.0 for enabling "community and collaboration on a scale never seen before", and added that YouTube "harnesses the stupidity of crowds as well as its wisdom. Some of the comments on YouTube make you weep for the future of humanity just for the spelling alone, never mind the obscenity and the naked hatred". The Guardian in 2009 described users' comments on YouTube as: In September 2008, The Daily Telegraph commented that YouTube was "notorious" for "some of the most confrontational and ill-formed comment exchanges on the internet", and reported on YouTube Comment Snob, "a new piece of software that blocks rude and illiterate posts". The Huffington Post noted in April 2012 that finding comments on YouTube that appear "offensive, stupid and crass" to the "vast majority" of the people is hardly difficult. On November 6, 2013, Google implemented a new comment system that requires all YouTube users to use a Google+ account to comment on videos, thereby making the comment system Google+-orientated. The corporation stated that the change is necessary to personalize comment sections for viewers, eliciting an overwhelmingly negative public response—YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim also expressed disdain by writing on his channel: "why the fuck do I need a Google+ account to comment on a video?". The official YouTube announcement received over 62,000 "thumbs down" votes and only just over 4,000 "thumbs up" votes, while an online petition demanding Google+'s removal gained more than 230,000 signatures in just over two months. Writing in the Newsday blog Silicon Island, Chase Melvin noted: "Google+ is nowhere near as popular a social media network as Facebook, but it's essentially being forced upon millions of YouTube users who don't want to lose their ability to comment on videos." In the same article Melvin adds: On July 27, 2015, Google announced that Google+ would no longer be required for using various services, including YouTube. Users are now able to delete their Google+ profile without losing features or content. Zero-rating Google has supported net neutrality in the US, while opposing it in India by supporting zero-rating. 2016 April Fools' joke On April 1, 2016, the Mic Drop April Fools' joke in Gmail caused damage for users who accidentally clicked the button Google installed on that occasion. Think Tank meddling The New York Times reported that Google has pressured the New America think tank which is supported by it, to remove a statement supporting the EU antitrust fine against Google. After Eric Schmidt voiced his displeasure from the statement, the whole research group involved were sidelined in the New America think tank, which gets funding from Google. Consequently, the Open Markets research group went to open their own think tank, which will not get any funding from Google. ANS patent controversy Wide attention in Polish media has resulted from Google's attempt to patent video compression application of ANS coding, which is now widely used in products of e.g. Apple, Facebook and Google. Its author has helped Google in this adaptation for three years through public forum, but was not included in the patent application. He was supported in fighting this patent by his employer: Jagiellonian University. Spatial data and the city Google's huge share of spatial information services, including Google Maps and the Google Places API, has been criticised by activists and academics in terms of the cartographic power it affords Google to map and represent the world's cities. In addition, given Google and Alphabet Inc.'s increasing involvement with urban planning, particularly through subsidiaries like Sidewalk Labs, this has resulted in criticism that Google is exerting an increasing power over urban areas that may not be beneficial to democracy in the long term. This criticism is also related to wider concerns around democracy and Smart Cities that has been directed to a number of other large corporations. Breach of court order On 10 December 2018, a New Zealand court ordered that the name of a man accused of murdering British traveller Grace Millane be withheld from the public (a gag order). The next morning, Google named the man in an email it sent people who had subscribed to "what's trending in New Zealand". Lawyers warned that this could compromise the trial, and Justice Minister Andrew Little said that Google was in contempt of court. Google said that it had been unaware of the court order, and that the email had been created by algorithms. Electronic pop-up books patent In 2016, Google filed a patent application for interactive pop-up books with electronics. Jie Qi noticed that the patent resembled work she had shared when she visited Google ATAP in 2014 as a PhD student at the MIT Media Lab; two of the Google employees listed on the application as inventors had also interviewed her during the same visit. After Qi submitted prior art to the USPTO, the application was abandoned. Project Nightingale Project Nightingale is a health care data sharing project financed by Google and Ascension, a Catholic health care system, the second largest in the United States. Ascension owns comprehensive health care information on millions of former and current patients who are part of its system. Google and Ascension have been processing this data, in secret, since sometime in 2018, without the knowledge and consent of patients and doctors. The work they are doing appears to comply with federal health care law which includes "robust protections for patient data." However, concerns have been voiced whether the transfer really is HIPAA compliant. The project is Google's attempt to gain a large scale foot hold into the healthcare industry. YouTube: ads forced on all videos, without revenue-share In 2020, Google-owned YouTube changed its policy so that it could include ads on all videos, regardless of whether the content-creator wanted them or not. Those who were not part of Google's Partner Program would receive no revenue for this. To join the program, creators must have more than 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 hours of viewed content in the last 12 months. Abuse of attorney-client privilege In March 2022, the Department of Justice and 14 state attorneys general accused Google of misusing attorney–client privilege to hide emails from subpoenas using an employee policy called 'Communicate with Care,' which instructs employees to carbon copy (CC) Google's attorneys on emails and flag them as exempt from disclosure. Employees are directed to add a general request for the attorney's advice even when no legal advice is needed or sought. Often Google's lawyers will not respond to such requests, which the Justice Department claimed shows they understand and are participating in the evasion. See also Criticisms of software and websites DeGoogle Don't be evil Filter bubble Google litigation Google Search Googlization High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation History of Google Ireland as a tax haven Stochastic parrot Surveillance capitalism The Creepy Line Who Owns the Future? References External links "Google's Email Service 'Gmail' Sacrifices Privacy for Extra Storage Space", Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, April 2, 2004 "Privacy Group Flunks Google", Lisa Vaas, eWeek.com, June 12, 2007 "Who's afraid of Google?", The Economist, August 30, 2007 Google Watch (Archived 2011) Google Google Articles containing video clips
KDE Platform 4 was a collection of libraries and software frameworks by KDE that served as technological foundation for KDE Software Compilation 4 distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL). KDE Platform 4 was the successor to KDElibs and the predecessor of KDE Frameworks. KDE Platform 4 is the only version of KDE Platform, and in 2013 it was replaced by KDE Frameworks 5. Technologies User Interface Plasma – desktop and panel widget engine KHTML – HTML rendering engine KIO – extensible network-transparent file access KParts – lightweight in-process graphical component framework Sonnet – spell checker XMLGUI – allows defining UI elements such as menus and toolbars via XML files Goya Hardware and Multimedia Phonon – multimedia framework Solid – device integration framework Services NEPOMUK KNewStuff – KDE's "Hot New Stuff" classes Policykit-KDE Communication Akonadi Games Gluon KGGZ Other ThreadWeaver – library to use multiprocessor systems more effectively Kiosk – allows disabling features within KDE to create a more controlled environment Kross KConfig XT WebDAV Technologies superseded in KDE Platform 4 aRts – sound server (replaced with Phonon) DCOP – inter-process communication system (replaced with D-Bus) KParts KParts is the component framework for the KDE Plasma desktop environment. An individual component is called a KPart. KParts are analogous to Bonobo components in GNOME and ActiveX controls in Microsoft's Component Object Model. Konsole is available as a KPart and is used in applications like Konqueror and Kate. Example uses of KParts: Konqueror uses the Okular part to display documents Konqueror uses the Dragon Player part to play multimedia Kontact embeds kdepim applications Kate and other editors use the katepart editor component Several applications use the Konsole KPart to embed a terminal Solid Solid is a device integration framework for KDE Platform 4 and its successor, KDE Frameworks. It functions on similar principles to KDE's multimedia pillar Phonon; rather than managing hardware on its own, it makes existing solutions accessible through a single API. The current solution uses udev, NetworkManager and BlueZ (the official Linux Bluetooth stack). However, any and all parts can be replaced without breaking the application, making applications using Solid extremely flexible and portable. Work is underway to build a Solid backend for the Windows port of KDE based on Windows Management Instrumentation. References External links TechBase, documentation for KDE developers KDE Projects, overview of all projects within git.kde.org KDE quick Git source code browser KDE Bug Tracking System KDE tutorial first program Application programming interfaces Articles with example C++ code Computing platforms Free computer libraries KDE software Unix windowing system-related software X-based libraries
GramTrans is a cross-platform machine translation platform developed in cooperation between Danish GrammarSoft ApS and Norwegian Kaldera Språkteknologi AS. The translation engine is transfer-based. GramTrans offers free web-based translation for the Scandinavian languages, based on university research in natural language processing (NLP), corpus linguistics, and lexicography. Languages , the available translations are: See also Comparison of machine translation applications Machine translation External links GramTrans home page GrammarSoft ApS home page Machine translation software
Micro Genius () is a brand name used for Famicom clone consoles marketed in several countries around the world, particularly in areas where Nintendo consoles were not readily available, including the Middle East, Southeast Asia, South America, Eastern Europe, South Africa and East Asian countries excluding Japan and South Korea. The name was initially and most famously used by TXC Corporation for its range of Taiwanese-made Famicom clones, software and accessories, but later passed to other companies and remains in use today on rebranded Chinese Famicom clones and LCD games. In some countries during the early 1990s, Micro Genius Famicom clones were the most popular game consoles, mirroring the popularity enjoyed several years earlier by Nintendo's official Famicom and NES in Japan and North America. However, they rarely reached markets where Nintendo was more recognisable, as they often infringed on Nintendo's patents in those regions. Consoles and accessories There are several models of the Micro Genius, but the Micro Genius IQ-501 was particularly popular until the official introduction of competitors like Sega and Nintendo in the regions where it was sold. The games came in form of 60-pin cartridges, identical to those of the Japanese Famicom, which were inserted from the top into a cartridge port. A standard Micro Genius console package came with two wired controllers and sometimes a light gun. Some models also used an RF antenna to transmit signals wirelessly to a receiver inserted in the TV. Later incarnations came with IR wireless controllers. Micro Genius consoles include: IQ-201 - an early model resembling the Famicom, with hard-wired controllers IQ-301 - similar to the IQ-201, with the addition of turbo switches IQ-501 - introduces detachable controllers, sold as Dendy Classic in Russia and CIS, Nichi-Man in Colombia, Samurai Micro Genius in India. IQ-502 - sold as Dendy Classic II in Russia and CIS, Pegasus IQ-502 in Poland and Czechia, Video Game GT 3300 in Czechia, Super Bitgame in Argentina and Redstone in Iceland. IQ-701 - resembles the international Nintendo Entertainment System. Sold in Indonesia as Spica IQ-701. IQ-901 - an early handheld TV game. Sold as MARgame in Italy. IQ-1000 - built-in infra-red receiver, comes with one wireless controller and one wired. Sold in Russia and CIS as Bitman 2 and in Indonesia as Spica IQ-1001. IQ-2000 - similar to the IQ-1000 but comes with two wireless controllers. Sold in Russia and CIS as Bitman Infra and in India as Samurai IQ-2000. Accessories for other consoles were also sold under the Micro Genius brand, including lightguns and controllers for the original NES, and wireless controllers for the Mega Drive and SNES. Games Most versions of Micro Genius are compatible with Famicom cartridges but require a 72-pin to 60-pin adapter to play NES games, although certain models were produced in both 60-pin Famicom and 72-pin NES versions. It was often sold with cartridges containing multiple games. The 60-pin Famicom versions also generally supported expansion audio chips such as Konami's VRC6 and VRC7 making them a more affordable alternative for those in Europe wanting to play Famicom games with expansion audio without making modifications to the console as long as they don't mind 50 Hz slowdown. A series of original Micro Genius games, such as Chinese Chess and Thunder Warrior, was produced in both Famicom and NES format, but unlicensed copies of Japanese games remained more popular in the countries where the console was sold. List of games On the list, all Idea-Tek games were later re-released by the same TXC/Micro Genius. See also Nintendo Nintendo Entertainment System hardware clone References External links Famicom Clones Unlicensed Nintendo Entertainment System hardware clones Video game companies of Taiwan Companies based in Taipei Taiwanese brands
Salivation is an album by the American musician and artist Terry Allen. It was released in 1999 on Sugar Hill Records. The album's title is a play on the word salvation, and contains an image of a smiling Jesus Christ on the cover. Production The album was recorded at Cedar Creek Studios, in Austin, Texas. Critical reception The Dallas Observer wrote: "A seamless commentary on hypocrisy, spirituality, society, family, and individuality, Salivation is neither heavy nor light." Style Weekly thought that Allen "mixes Texas folk and rock, Middle Eastern textures, hoe-down swing and plaintive ballads into a fine set of tunes for those looking for the left-of-center." The Independent noted that "to a tuba-bass cakewalk reminiscent of Ry Cooder, 'Southern Comfort' offers a reminder, Southern state by Southern state, of racist dues to be paid come Judgement Day." AllMusic wrote that "between note one and the dying echo, the record stomps, smokes, snorts, and acts generally loutish and obnoxious, which makes for a wonderfully entertaining experience." Track listing All tracks composed by Terry Allen; except where indicated "Salivation" "The Doll" (Terry Allen, Lloyd Maines) "Billy the Boy ("Pedal Steal" Medley)" "Southern Comfort" "Rio Ticino" "Red Leg Boy" "Cortez Sail" "Xmas on the Isthmus" (Terry Allen, Guy Clark) "Ain't No Top 40 Song" "The Show" "Give Me the Flowers" (Elvin Bigger, Gladys Stacey Flatt, Louise Certain) References 1999 albums Terry Allen (artist) albums Sugar Hill Records albums
The nitrogen-vacancy center (N-V center or NV center) is one of numerous point defects in diamond. Its most explored and useful property is its photoluminescence, which allows observers to read out its spin-state. The NV center's electron spin, localized at atomic scales, can be manipulated at room temperature by external factors such as magnetic, or electric fields, microwave radiation, or optical light, resulting in sharp resonances in the intensity of the photoluminescence. These resonances can be explained in terms of electron spin related phenomena such as quantum entanglement, spin–orbit interaction and Rabi oscillations, and analysed using advanced quantum optics theory. An individual NV center can be used as a basic unit for a quantum computer, a qubit, and used for quantum cryptography. Further potential applications in novel fields of electronics and sensing include spintronics, masers, and quantum sensors. If the charge is not specified the term "NV center" refers to the negatively charged NV− center. Structure The nitrogen-vacancy center is a point defect in the diamond lattice. It consists of a nearest-neighbor pair of a nitrogen atom, which substitutes for a carbon atom, and a lattice vacancy. Two charge states of this defect, neutral NV0 and negative NV−, are known from spectroscopic studies using optical absorption, photoluminescence (PL), electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) and optically detected magnetic resonance (ODMR), which can be viewed as a hybrid of PL and EPR; most details of the structure originate from EPR. The nitrogen atom on one hand has five valence electrons. Three of them are covalently bonded to the carbon atoms, while the other two remain non-bonded and are called a lone pair. The vacancy on the other hand has three unpaired electrons. Two of them form a quasi covalent bond and one remains unpaired. The overall symmetry, however, is axial (trigonal C3V); one can visualize this by imagining the three unpaired vacancy electrons continuously exchanging their roles. The NV0 thus has one unpaired electron and is paramagnetic. However, despite extensive efforts, electron paramagnetic resonance signals from NV0 avoided detection for decades until 2008. Optical excitation is required to bring the NV0 defect into the EPR-detectable excited state; the signals from the ground state are presumably too broad for EPR detection. The NV0 centers can be converted into NV− by changing the Fermi level position. This can be achieved by applying external voltage to a p-n junction made from doped diamond, e.g., in a Schottky diode. In the negative charge state NV−, an extra electron is located at the vacancy site forming a spin S=1 pair with one of the vacancy electrons. As in NV0, the vacancy electrons are "exchanging roles" preserving the overall trigonal symmetry. This NV− state is what is commonly, and somewhat incorrectly, called "the nitrogen-vacancy center". The neutral state is not generally used for quantum technology. The NV centers are randomly oriented within a diamond crystal. Ion implantation techniques can enable their artificial creation in predetermined positions. Production Nitrogen-vacancy centers are typically produced from single substitutional nitrogen centers (called C or P1 centers in diamond literature) by irradiation followed by annealing at temperatures above 700 °C. A wide range of high-energy particles is suitable for such irradiation, including electrons, protons, neutrons, ions, and gamma photons. Irradiation produces lattice vacancies, which are a part of NV centers. Those vacancies are immobile at room temperature, and annealing is required to move them. Single substitutional nitrogen produces strain in the diamond lattice; it therefore efficiently captures moving vacancies, producing the NV centers. During chemical vapor deposition of diamond, a small fraction of single substitutional nitrogen impurity (typically <0.5%) traps vacancies generated as a result of the plasma synthesis. Such nitrogen-vacancy centers are preferentially aligned to the growth direction. Diamond is notorious for having a relatively large lattice strain. Strain splits and shifts optical transitions from individual centers resulting in broad lines in the ensembles of centers. Special care is taken to produce extremely sharp NV lines (line width ~10 MHz) required for most experiments: high-quality, pure natural or better synthetic diamonds (type IIa) are selected. Many of them already have sufficient concentrations of grown-in NV centers and are suitable for applications. If not, they are irradiated by high-energy particles and annealed. Selection of a certain irradiation dose allows tuning the concentration of produced NV centers such that individual NV centers are separated by micrometre-large distances. Then, individual NV centers can be studied with standard optical microscopes or, better, near-field scanning optical microscopes having sub-micrometre resolution. Energy level structure The NV center has a ground-state triplet (3A), an excited-state triplet (3E) and two intermediate-state singlets (1A and 1E). Both 3A and 3E contain ms = ±1 spin states, in which the two electron spins are aligned (either up, such that ms = +1 or down, such that ms = -1), and an ms = 0 spin state where the electron spins are antiparallel. Due to the magnetic interaction, the energy of the ms = ±1 states is higher than that of the ms = 0 state. 1A and 1E only contain a spin state singlet each with ms = 0. If an external magnetic field is applied along the defect axis (the axis which aligns with the nitrogen atom and the vacancy) of the NV center, it does not affect the ms = 0 states, but it splits the ms = ±1 levels (Zeeman effect). Similarly the following other properties of the environment influence the energy level diagram : Amplitude and orientation of a static magnetic field splits the ms = ±1 levels in the ground and excited states. Amplitude and orientation of elastic (strain) or electric fields have a much smaller but also more complex effects on the different levels. Continuous-wave microwave radiation (applied in resonance with the transition between ms = 0 and (one of the) ms = ±1 states) changes the population of the sublevels within the ground and excited state. A tunable laser can selectively excite certain sublevels of the ground and excited states. Surrounding spins and spin–orbit interaction will modulate the magnetic field experienced by the NV center. Temperature and pressure affect different parts of the spectrum including the shift between ground and excited states. The above-described energy structure is by no means exceptional for a defect in diamond or other semiconductor. It was not this structure alone, but a combination of several favorable factors (previous knowledge, easy production, biocompatibility, simple initialisation, use at room temperature etc.) which suggested the use of the NV center as a qubit and quantum sensor. Optical properties NV centers emit bright red light (3E→3A transitions), if excited off-resonantly by visible green light (3A →3E transitions). This can be done with convenient light sources such as argon or krypton lasers, frequency doubled Nd:YAG lasers, dye lasers, or He-Ne lasers. Excitation can also be achieved at energies below that of zero phonon emission. As the relaxation time from the excited state is small (~10 ns), the emission happens almost instantly after the excitation. At room temperature the NV center's optical spectrum exhibits no sharp peaks due to thermal broadening. However, cooling the NV centers with liquid nitrogen or liquid helium dramatically narrows the lines down to a width of a few MHz. At low temperature it also becomes possible to specifically address the zero-phonon line (ZPL). An important property of the luminescence from individual NV centers is its high temporal stability. Whereas many single-molecular emitters bleach (i.e. change their charge state and become dark) after emission of 106–108 photons, bleaching is unlikely for NV centers at room temperature. Strong laser illumination, however, may also convert some NV− into NV0 centers. Because of these properties, the ideal technique to address the NV centers is confocal microscopy, both at room temperature and at low temperature. State manipulation Optical spin manipulation Optical transitions must preserve the total spin and occur only between levels of the same total spin. Specifically, transitions between the ground and excited states (with equal spin) can be induced using a green laser with a wavelength of 546 nm. Transitions 3E→1A and 1E→3A are non-radiative, while 1A →1E has both a non-radiative and infrared decay path. The diagram on the right shows the multi-electronic states of the NV center labeled according to their symmetry (E or A) and their spin state (3 for a triplet (S=1) and 1 for a singlet (S=0)). There are two triplet states and two intermediate singlet states. Spin-state initialisation An important property of the non-radiative transition between 3E and 1A is that it is stronger for ms = ±1 and weaker for ms = 0. This provides the basis a very useful manipulation strategy, which is called spin state initialisation (or optical spin-polarization). To understand the process, first consider an off-resonance excitation which has a higher frequency (typically 2.32 eV (532 nm)) than the frequencies of all transitions and thus lies in the vibronic bands for all transitions. By using a pulse of this wavelength, one can excite all spin states from 3A to 3E. An NV center in the ground state with ms = 0 will be excited to the corresponding excited state with ms = 0 due to the conservation of spin. Afterwards it decays back to its original state. For a ground state with ms = ±1, the situation is different. After the excitation, it has a relatively high probability to decay into the intermediate state 1A by non-radiative transition and further into the ground state with ms = 0. After many cycles, the state of the NV center (independently of whether it started in ms = 0 or ms = ±1) will end up in the ms = 0 ground state. This process can be used to initialize the quantum state of a qubit for quantum information processing or quantum sensing. Sometimes the polarisability of the NV center is explained by the claim that the transition from 1E to the ground state with ms = ±1 is small, compared to the transition to ms = 0. However, it has been shown that the comparatively low decay probability for ms = 0 states w.r.t. ms = ±1 states into 1A is enough to explain the polarization. Effects of external fields Microwave spin manipulation The energy difference between the ms = 0 and ms = ±1 states corresponds to the microwave regime. Population can be transferred between the states by applying a resonant magnetic field perpendicular to the defect axis. Numerous dynamic effects (spin echo, Rabi oscillations, etc.) can be exploited by applying a carefully designed sequence of microwave pulses. Such protocols are rather important for the practical realization of quantum computers. By manipulating the population, it is possible to shift the NV center into a more sensitive or stable state. Its own resulting fluctuating fields may also be used to influence the surrounding nuclei or protect the NV center itself from noise. This is typically done using a wire loop (microwave antenna) which creates an oscillating magnetic field. Influence of external factors If a magnetic field is oriented along the defect axis it leads to Zeeman splitting separating the ms = +1 from the ms = -1 states. This technique is used to lift the degeneracy and use only two of the spin states (usually the ground states with ms = -1 and ms = 0) as a qubit. Population can then be transferred between them using a microwave field. In the specific instance that the magnetic field reaches 1027 G (or 508 G) then the ms = –1 and ms = 0 states in the ground (or excited) state become equal in energy (Ground/Excited State Level Anticrossing). The following strong interaction results in so-called spin polarization, which strongly affects the intensity of optical absorption and luminescence transitions involving those states. Importantly, this splitting can be modulated by applying an external electric field, in a similar fashion to the magnetic field mechanism outlined above, though the physics of the splitting is somewhat more complex. Nevertheless, an important practical outcome is that the intensity and position of the luminescence lines is modulated. Strain has a similar effect on the NV center as electric fields. There is an additional splitting of the ms = ±1 energy levels, which originates from the hyperfine interaction between surrounding nuclear spins and the NV center. These nuclear spins create magnetic and electric fields of their own leading to further distortions of the NV spectrum (see nuclear Zeeman and quadrupole interaction). Also the NV center's own spin–orbit interaction and orbital degeneracy leads to additional level splitting in the excited 3E state. Temperature and pressure directly influence the zero-field term of the NV center leading to a shift between the ground and excited state levels. The Hamiltonian, a quantum mechanical equation describing the dynamics of a system, which shows the influence of different factors on the NV center can be found below. Although it can be challenging, all of these effects are measurable, making the NV center a perfect candidate for a quantum sensor. Charge state manipulation It is also possible to switch the charge state of the NV center (i.e. between NV−, NV+ and NV0) by applying a gate voltage. Applications The spectral shape and intensity of the optical signals from the NV− centers are sensitive to external perturbation, such as temperature, strain, electric and magnetic field. However, the use of spectral shape for sensing those perturbation is impractical, as the diamond would have to be cooled to cryogenic temperatures to sharpen the NV− signals. A more realistic approach is to use luminescence intensity (rather than lineshape), which exhibits a sharp resonance when a microwave frequency is applied to diamond that matches the splitting of the ground-state levels. The resulting optically detected magnetic resonance signals are sharp even at room temperature, and can be used in miniature sensors. Such sensors can detect magnetic fields of a few nanotesla or electric fields of about 10 V/cm at kilohertz frequencies after 100 seconds of averaging. This sensitivity allows detecting a magnetic or electric field produced by a single electron located tens of nanometers away from an NV− center. Using the same mechanism, the NV− centers were employed in scanning thermal microscopy to measure high-resolution spatial maps of temperature and thermal conductivity (see image). Another possible use of the NV− centers is as a detector to measure the full mechanical stress tensor in the bulk of the crystal. For this application, the stress-induced splitting of the zero-phonon-line is exploited, and its polarization properties. A robust frequency-modulated radio receiver using the electron-spin-dependent photoluminescence that operated up to 350 °C demonstrates the possibility for use in extreme conditions. In addition to the quantum optical applications, luminescence from the NV− centers can be applied for imaging biological processes, such as fluid flow in living cells. This application relies on good compatibility of diamond nano-particles with the living cells and on favorable properties of photoluminescence from the NV− centers (strong intensity, easy excitation and detection, temporal stability, etc.). Compared with large single-crystal diamonds, nanodiamonds are cheap (about 1 USD per gram) and available from various suppliers. NV− centers are produced in diamond powders with sub-micrometre particle size using the standard process of irradiation and annealing described above. Due to the relatively small size of nanodiamond, NV centers can be produced by irradiating nanodiamond of 100 nm or less with medium energy H+ beam. This method reduces the required ion dose and reaction, making it possible to mass produce fluorescent nanodiamonds in ordinary laboratory. Fluorescent nanodiamond produced with such method is bright and photostable, making it excellent for long-term, three dimensional tracking of single particle in living cell. Those nanodiamonds are introduced in a cell, and their luminescence is monitored using a standard fluorescence microscope. Further NV− center has been hypothesized to be a potential bio-mimetic system for emulating radical pair spin dynamics of the avian compass. Stimulated emission from the NV− center has been demonstrated, though it could be achieved only from the phonon side-band (i.e. broadband light) and not from the ZPL. For this purpose, the center has to be excited at a wavelength longer than ~650 nm, as higher-energy excitation ionizes the center. The first continuous-wave room-temperature maser has been demonstrated. It used 532-nm pumped NV− centers held within a high Purcell factor microwave cavity and an external magnetic field of 4300 G. Continuous maser oscillation generated a coherent signal at ~9.2 GHz. The NV center can have a very long spin coherence time approaching the second regime. This is advantageous for applications in quantum sensing and quantum communication. Disadvantageous for these applications is the long radiative lifetime (~12 ns ) of the NV center and the strong phonon sideband in its emission spectrum. Both issues can be addressed by putting the NV center in an optical cavity. Historical remarks The microscopic model and most optical properties of ensembles of the NV− centers have been firmly established in the 1970s based on the optical measurements combined with uniaxial stress and on the electron paramagnetic resonance. However, a minor error in EPR results (it was assumed that illumination is required to observe NV− EPR signals) resulted in the incorrect multiplicity assignments in the energy level structure. In 1991 it was shown that EPR can be observed without illumination, which established the energy level scheme shown above. The magnetic splitting in the excited state has been measured only recently. The characterization of single NV− centers has become a very competitive field nowadays, with many dozens of papers published in the most prestigious scientific journals. One of the first results was reported back in 1997. In that paper, it was demonstrated that the fluorescence of single NV− centers can be detected by room-temperature fluorescence microscopy and that the defect shows perfect photostability. Also one of the outstanding properties of the NV center was demonstrated, namely room-temperature optically detected magnetic resonance. See also Crystallographic defects in diamond Crystallographic defect Material properties of diamond Notes References Diamond Spintronics Spectroscopy Crystallographic defects Quantum computing
Our Betters is a 1933 American pre-Code satirical comedy film directed by George Cukor and starring Constance Bennett, Anita Louise and Gilbert Roland. The screenplay by Jane Murfin and Harry Wagstaff Gribble is based on the 1917 play of the same title by Somerset Maugham. Tommy Atkins worked as assistant director, while the sets were designed by the art director Van Nest Polglase. Plot Just after her wedding, American hardware heiress Pearl Saunders overhears her husband, Lord George Grayston, telling his mistress that he only married her for her money. Disillusioned, she grows hard and cynical. Five years later, she has made herself a force among the British upper class with her parties. Among her friends are divorced Duchess Minnie, gossip-loving Thornton Clay, philanthropic Princess Flora, and Arthur Fenwick, her wealthy and adoring lover. Arthur discreetly provides her with a much-needed regular allowance, as her now absent husband has squandered most of her fortune. Pearl introduces her younger sister Bessie to English aristocracy and especially to eligible young bachelor Lord Harry Bleane. The glamour of high society seduces Bessie. When her former fiancé, Fleming Harvey, comes to see her, it becomes clear to him that she no longer loves him. Harry proposes to Bessie; she accepts, though she tells him only that she likes him very much. Pearl's social circle spends a weekend at the Grayston country estate. There, Minnie's gigolo, Pepi D'Costa, privately woos Pearl. Eventually, she has a rendezvous with him in the detached teahouse. However, this is detected by Minnie. She maliciously sends an unsuspecting Bessie to fetch her purse, whereupon Bessie sees too much. Her suspicions confirmed, Minnie denounces Pearl before the others. Arthur is furious and disheartened. Pearl's feelings are not hurt; she is more concerned about it becoming known. Pearl delays Minnie's departure for London and, through her wiles, manages to make up with both Minnie and Arthur. Minnie even forgives Pepi, finally agreeing to marry him. She then persuades Minnie to stay another night and learn the latest tango steps from effete dance instructor Ernest. When Bessie expresses her disgust with her sister's behavior, however, Pearl is truly hurt. She has second thoughts and persuades Harry to break the engagement. Bessie asks a delighted Fleming to take her away. Cast Constance Bennett as Pearl, Lady Grayston Anita Louise as Bessie Saunders Gilbert Roland as Pepi D'Costa Violet Kemble-Cooper as Duchess Minnie Charles Starrett as Fleming Harvey Grant Mitchell as Thornton Clay Phoebe Foster as the Princess Minor Watson as Arthur Fenwick Hugh Sinclair as Lord Harry Bleane Alan Mowbray as Lord George Grayston Tyrell Davis as Ernest Finis Barton as Diana, George's Mistress May Beatty as Duchess of Hightower Production Producer David O. Selznick enlisted Elsa Maxwell, a gossip columnist whose reputation as a hostess of successful society parties was widely known, to serve as a consultant for the film's general tone and its costumes, which were designed by Hattie Carnegie. The film premiered at Radio City Music Hall in New York City. Critical reception Mordaunt Hall, film critic for The New York Times in 1933, called the film "a highly praiseworthy pictorial interpretation of the stage work" and added the following about Cukor's direction and Rosher's cinematography: References External links 1933 films American comedy films 1933 comedy films 1930s satirical films American films based on plays American satirical films American black-and-white films Films directed by George Cukor Films produced by David O. Selznick Films scored by Roy Webb Films with screenplays by Jane Murfin Films set in London RKO Pictures films 1930s American films Films scored by Bernhard Kaun Films based on works by W. Somerset Maugham Adultery in films
Vyatta is a software-based virtual router, virtual firewall and VPN product for Internet Protocol networks (IPv4 and IPv6). A free download of Vyatta has been available since March 2006. The system is a specialized Debian-based Linux distribution with networking applications such as Quagga, OpenVPN, and many others. A standardized management console, similar to Juniper JUNOS or Cisco IOS, in addition to a web-based GUI and traditional Linux system commands, provides configuration of the system and applications. In recent versions of Vyatta, web-based management interface is supplied only in the subscription edition. However, all functionality is available through KVM, serial console or SSH/telnet protocols. The software runs on standard x86-64 servers. Vyatta is also delivered as a virtual machine file and can provide (, , VPN) functionality for Xen, VMware, KVM, Rackspace, SoftLayer, and Amazon EC2 virtual and cloud computing environments. As of October, 2012, Vyatta has also been available through Amazon Marketplace and can be purchased as a service to provide VPN, cloud bridging and other network functions to users of Amazon's AWS services. Vyatta sells a subscription edition that includes all the functionality of the open source version as well as a graphical user interface, access to Vyatta's RESTful API's, Serial Support, TACACS+, Config Sync, System Image Cloning, software updates, 24x7 phone and email technical support, and training. Certification as a Vyatta Professional is now available. Vyatta also offers professional services and consulting engagements. The Vyatta system is intended as a replacement for Cisco IOS 1800 through ASR 1000 series Integrated Services Routers (ISR) and ASA 5500 security appliances, with a strong emphasis on the cost and flexibility inherent in an open source, Linux-based system running on commodity x86 hardware or in VMware ESXi, Microsoft Hyper-V, Citrix XenServer, Open Source Xen and KVM virtual environments. In 2012, Brocade Communications Systems acquired Vyatta. In April, 2013, Brocade renamed the product from the Vyatta Subscription Edition (VSE) to the . The latest commercial release of the is no longer open-source based. In June 2017, Brocade sold Vyatta Software Technology to AT&T Communications. In September 2021, AT&T supplier Ciena Corporation announced an agreement to acquire the Vyatta talent and assets. Vyatta Core The free community Vyatta Core software (VC) was an open source network operating system providing advanced IPv4 and IPv6 routing, stateful firewalling, secure communication through both an IPSec based VPN as well as through the SSL based OpenVPN. In October 2013, an independent group started a fork of Vyatta Core under the name VyOS. In March 2018, ATT released a new open source project based on the proprietary Brocade version of Vyatta under the name DANOS. Release History References External links Open Source Community 2005 establishments in California 2021 mergers and acquisitions Linux companies Routing software Gateway/routing/firewall distribution Free routing software Computer security software companies Free security software Free software distributions Debian-based distributions Routers (computing) Virtual private networks Software companies established in 2005 Companies based in San Mateo County, California Computer networking Networking software companies Virtualization software Ethernet Networking companies of the United States AT&T subsidiaries Linux distributions
A content format is an encoded format for converting a specific type of data to displayable information. Content formats are used in recording and transmission to prepare data for observation or interpretation. This includes both analog and digitized content. Content formats may be recorded and read by either natural or manufactured tools and mechanisms. In addition to converting data to information, a content format may include the encryption and/or scrambling of that information. Multiple content formats may be contained within a single section of a storage medium (e.g. track, disk sector, computer file, document, page, column) or transmitted via a single channel (e.g. wire, carrier wave) of a transmission medium. With multimedia, multiple tracks containing multiple content formats are presented simultaneously. Content formats may either be recorded in secondary signal processing methods such as a software container format (e.g. digital audio, digital video) or recorded in the primary format (e.g. spectrogram, pictogram). Observable data is often known as raw data, or raw content. A primary raw content format may be directly observable (e.g. image, sound, motion, smell, sensation) or physical data which only requires hardware to display it, such as a phonographic needle and diaphragm or a projector lamp and magnifying glass. There has been a countless number of content formats throughout history. The following are examples of some common content formats and content format categories (covering: sensory experience, model, and language used for encoding information): See also Communication Representation (arts) Content carrier signals Content multiplexing format Signal transmission Wireless content transmission Data storage device Recording format Data compression Analog television: NTSC, PAL and SECAM References Computer-mediated communication Mass media technology Data management Recording Film and video technology Sound production technology
Software/Configware Co-Compilation is used for reconfigurable computing to generate the code for both, an instruction-stream-based microprocessor and a reconfigurable accelerator interfaced to it. Such a co-compiler (see figure) has a partitioner which accepts input from a high level language source, such as, for instance a programming language, or the output from tools like MATLAB, and automatically partitions it into parallelizable parts suitable for the reconfigurable accelerator and the rest for running on the microprocessor. By loop transformations the partitioner converts the parallelizable parts into a configware source, which is compiled by a Configware Compiler generating configware code for the configuration of the reconfigurable accelerator like, for instance an FPGA, or a coarse-grained reconfigurable array, and flowware code for organizing the data streams going from and to the accelerator. Further reading 1995 J. Becker, et al.: A Novel Two-Level Hardware/Software Co-Design Framework; Journal of the Brazilian Computer Society, Special Issue on Electronic Design Automation, Dec. 1995 1995 J. Becker, et al.: A Profiling-driven Hardware/Software Partitioning of High-Level Language Specifications; Workshop on Logic and Architecture Synthesis, Grenoble, France, Dec. 1995 1996 J. Becker, et al.: CoDe-X: A Novel Two-Level Hardware/Software Co-Design Framework; 9th International Conference on VLSI Design, Bangalore, India, Jan. 1996 External links Juergen Becker: A Partitioning Compiler for Computers with Xputer-based Accelerators; Ph. D. thesis, 1995 Compilers Reconfigurable computing
Qpopper was one of the oldest and most popular server implementations of POP3. As a free and open-source server distributed under BSD style license, it was a common choice for Internet Service Providers, schools, corporations, and other organizations. It was included in several Linux and Unix distributions. Qpopper is no longer maintained. The final version was 4.1.0 released in 2011. Qpopper was distributed by Qualcomm as source code; other parties offer pre-compiled or pre-configured versions for various platforms. Qpopper ran on a wide variety of platforms, including virtually all Unix and Linux distribution, Mac OS X, and even Windows under cygwin. Qpopper was generally recognized as fast, stable, and secure. It was most commonly used with standard Unix mbox format inboxes (or "spools") but also supported homedir mail. Because mbox is a linear format in which messages are stored sequentially, Qpopper supports a number of optimizations to improve speed and scalability, including a cache file to maintain mailbox state between sessions, and several optional I/O techniques. History Qpopper started out as "popper" around 1989 at the University of California, Berkeley. Qualcomm took it over about 1993, and renamed it "Qpopper". Qualcomm's original goal was to promote the availability of correct and modern servers for the Eudora mail client to use, and also to provide a platform for newer extensions. References Bibliography Free email software Unix Internet software Portable software sv:POP3
The Open Geospatial Consortium Web Coverage Service Interface Standard (WCS) defines Web-based retrieval of coverages – that is, digital geospatial information representing space/time-varying phenomena. Overview A WCS provides access to coverage data in forms that are useful for client-side rendering, as input into scientific models, and for other clients. The WCS may be compared to the OGC Web Feature Service (WFS) and the Web Map Service (WMS). As with WMS and WFS service instances, a WCS allows clients to choose portions of a server's information holdings based on spatial constraints and other query criteria. Unlike OGC Web Map Service (WMS), which portrays spatial data to return static maps (rendered as pictures by the server), the Web Coverage Service provides available data together with their detailed descriptions; defines a rich syntax for requests against these data; and returns data with its original semantics (instead of pictures) which may be interpreted, extrapolated, etc., and not just portrayed. Unlike OGC Web Feature Service (WFS), which returns discrete geospatial features, the Web Coverage Service returns coverages representing space/time-varying phenomena that relate a spatio-temporal domain to a (possibly multidimensional) range of properties. As such, WCS focuses on coverages as a specialized class of features and, correspondingly, defines streamlined functionality. WCS uses the coverage model of the OGC GML Application Schema for Coverages. Thus, WCS supports all coverage types supported by said Application Schema; it is not constrained to quadrilateral grid coverages like previous WCS versions. WCS Core, Extensions, and Application Profiles The WCS suite is organized as a Core, which every WCS implementation must support, and a set of extensions defining additional functionality. Implementers can choose which extension to support, but there are some basic rules to be obeyed - for example, every WCS implementation must support at least one communication protocol and at least one data encoding format. To ease overview, extensions have been grouped along five categories: data model, encodings, service model, protocols, and usability. Application Profiles, finally, establish domain-oriented "bundles" of the WCS Suite. Some of these specifications are briefly presented below. Adopted WCS standards are available from the OGC WCS page. WCS Core The WCS Core establishes basic spatial and temporal extraction. There are two types of subsetting, which can be combined: Trimming extracts a sub-area of a coverage indicated by a bounding box; the result has the same dimension (i.e., number of axes) as the original coverage. Slicing performs a cut at the position indicated, thereby reducing the dimension of the result coverage. Technically, WCS Core establishes three request types, inline with the OGC Web Service definition: GetCapabilities: delivers an XML-encoded description of service properties and the data holdings offered by the server inquired; DescribeCoverage: delivers XML-encoded descriptions of coverages (such as their location in space and time); GetCoverage: delivers a coverage (or part thereof), either as original data or processed, in some suitable data format. WCS Protocol Extensions WCS requests and responses can make use of one of the following protocols: GET/KVP: using the HTTP GET protocol for sending key-value pair (KVP) encoded requests and receiving XML metadata and binary coverage data. POST/XML: using the HTTP POST protocol for transferring XML data and binary coverage data. SOAP/XML: using the SOAP protocol for transferring XML data and binary coverage data. WCS Format Extensions WCS format encodings allow to deliver coverages in various data formats, such as GML, GeoTIFF, HDF-EOS, CF-netCDF or NITF. WCS Range Subsetting Range subsetting (not to be mixed up with the (domain) subsetting of the WCS Core) allows extracting components from structured cells ("pixels", "voxels") of a coverage. Cells are structured if they contain several components, such as the three components red, green, and blue in color images. For example, from a 7-band Landsat satellite image a range subsetting request may extract the near-infrared, red, and green range components ("bands", "channels"). The geospatial extent is unchanged, that is: "pixels" from all the coverage's locations get delivered. WCS-T Extension WCS-T (T standing for transactional) establishes how to upload complete coverages to a server or modify existing coverages on a server. WCS Processing Extension Web Coverage Processing Service (WCPS) defines flexible ad-hoc processing and filtering on coverage sets. This is an abstract query language (like SQL and XQuery) that is independent from any other OGC service standard. The WCS Processing Extension establishes linkage of WCPS into the WCS suite, introducing an additional request type, ProcessCoverages, which accepts a WCPS query string and returns a list of response items resulting from server-side WCPS evaluation. WCS CRS Extension The forthcoming WCS Coordinate System Extension allows retrieving coverages in Coordinate Reference Systems (CRSs) different from the Native CRS in which the coverage is stored on the server - in other words, it allows reprojection. Software support for WCS OGC Compliance Testing OGC provides the free, open-source Compliance and Interoperability Test Engine (CITE) to determine compliance of a particular implementation with a given OGC specification. A list of all specification tests made available by OGC can be found on the OGC compliance page. WCS Implementations Implementations where OGC officially acknowledges compliance can be found on the authoritative OGC page. See also the discussion "compliant vs implementing". This below is an unofficial, not checked, and not OGC endorsed list of software that supports WCS as a client and/or server: WCS 2.0: Rasdaman - server and client (read/write); adopted OGC Reference Implementation for WCS 2.0.1 Core, Reference Implementation for Web Coverage Processing Service MapServer - server EOxServer GeoServer PYXIS Studio - Free client integrates multiple sources of data on a hexagonal discrete global grid IBL "Moving Weather" and "Visual Weather" - also implements WCS MetOcean Application Profile draft RSI OPS GIS ESRI ArcGIS 10.3 OPenDAP Pyxis OpenLayers - client TerraPixel Streamap Engine WCS 1.x: GeoServer - reference implementation server for WCS 1.x (serve WCS) PIXIA Corp'sHiPER LOOK APOLLO - server and client GDAL - client (read) Geomatica Web Server Suite - client and server GeoMedia - client (read WCS) and server (GeoMedia WebMap) gvSIG - client (read WCS) ArcGIS Server - server and client Luciad - LuciadLightspeed and LuciadFusion server and client PYXIS Studio - Free client integrates multiple sources of data on a hexagonal discrete global grid CARIS Spatial Fusion Enterprise - server and client Unidata TDS (THREDDS OPeNDAP data server) - server QGIS - client (supports both version 1.0 and 1.1) TerraPixel Streamap Engine See also Open Geospatial Consortium coverages Web Coverage Processing Service (WCPS) Web Map Service (WMS) Web Feature Service (WFS) References Web Map Services Open Geospatial Consortium
The Mozilla Calendar Project was the name for the Mozilla project that led to the development of Sunbird calendar application and the Lightning integrated calendar. Sunbird and Lightning are both free software, released under the Mozilla tri-license: the Mozilla Public License, the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License. History The project started with a single extension for the Mozilla projects known as Mozilla Calendar. It was a free software / open source calendar and personal information manager based on the open iCalendar standard. It was developed to be part of the Mozilla Application Suite project. However, Mozilla Sunbird and the Lightning project have replaced the Mozilla Calendar. As with other Mozilla projects, Mozilla Calendar was cross-platform, and used the XUL user interface language. It worked with Microsoft Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and FreeBSD. The Mozilla Calendar project was announced by the Mozilla Organization (now the Mozilla Foundation) in October 2001. The original code, used by Mozilla Calendar and now the Mozilla Sunbird, was donated by OEone (now Axentra), who had developed it for use in their Mozilla-based HomeBase DESKTOP system. The project was initially led by OEone employee Mike Potter. Shortly after Mike Potter and his team had to pull out of development due to other projects taking precedence, Mostafa Hosseini was announced as the new project lead. The initial plan was for Mozilla Calendar to eventually be integrated into the Mozilla Application Suite alongside the other components. However, this plan was dropped when Mozilla decided to focus on its nascent standalone applications rather than the integrated suite. Mozilla Calendar could be installed as a component in the Mozilla Application Suite, or as an extension in either the Mozilla Firefox standalone browser or the Mozilla Thunderbird standalone mail and newsgroups client. The extension has now been replaced by the Lightning project, a project with similar features, but with tighter integration with Thunderbird. See also List of personal information managers References External links Project home page Free calendaring software Free personal information managers Mozilla Application Suite
A surface computer is a computer that interacts with the user through the surface of an ordinary object, rather than through a monitor, keyboard, mouse, or other physical hardware. The term "surface computer" was first adopted by Microsoft for its PixelSense (codenamed Milan) interactive platform, which was publicly announced on 30 May 2007. Featuring a horizontally-mounted 30-inch display in a coffee table-like enclosure, users can interact with the machine's graphical user interface by touching or dragging their fingertips and other physical objects such as paintbrushes across the screen, or by setting real-world items tagged with special bar-code labels on top of it. As an example, uploading digital files only requires each object (e.g. a Bluetooth-enabled digital camera) to be placed on the unit's display. The resulting pictures can then be moved across the screen, or their sizes and orientation can be adjusted as well. PixelSense's internal hardware includes a 2.0 GHz Core 2 Duo processor, 2GB of memory, an off the shelf graphics card, a scratch-proof spill-proof surface, a DLP projector, and five infrared cameras to detect touch, unlike the iPhone, which uses a capacitive display. These expensive components resulted in a price tag of between $12,500 to $15,000 for the hardware. The first PixelSense units were used as information kiosks in the Harrah's family of casinos. Other customers were T-Mobile, for comparing several cell phones side by side, and Sheraton Hotels and Resorts, to service lobby customers in numerous ways. These products were originally branded as "Microsoft Surface", but was renamed "Microsoft PixelSense" on June 18, 2012, after the manufacturer adopted the "Surface" name for its new series of tablet PCs. See also Surface computing Table computer TouchLight Jeff Han FTIR References External links Microsoft PixelSense Computing input devices
IsoBuster is a data recovery computer program by Smart Projects, a Belgian company founded in 1995 by Peter Van Hove. As of version 3.0, it can recover data from damaged file systems or physically damaged disks including optical discs, hard disk drives, USB flash drives and solid-state disks. It has the ability to access "deleted" data on multisession optical discs, and allows users to access disc images (including ISO, BIN and NRG) and to extract files in the same way that they would from a ZIP archive. IsoBuster is also often used by law enforcement and data forensics experts. See also List of data recovery software References External links Story by the author of IsoBuster, how it all began Windows-only shareware Data recovery software
Damon Slye (born June 15, 1962) is a computer game designer, director, and programmer. In 1984 he founded Dynamix with Jeff Tunnell in Eugene, Oregon. He is best known for creating the historic flight simulations Red Baron, A-10 Tank Killer, and Aces of the Pacific. Slye's first product was Stellar 7, an action game for the Apple II which used 3D wireframe graphics. He followed it up with Arcticfox, the first original title Electronic Arts published for the new Amiga computer. In 1994 Slye left Dynamix and the game industry, saying that he wanted a "sabbatical" to study math and physics as well as "playing chess, and skiing, and playing basketball, and doing a lot of reading", but expected to be "building products again" in a year. He founded Mad Otter Games in 2007. Games Stellar 7 (1982), Penguin Software Arcticfox (1986), Electronic Arts Skyfox II (1987), Electronic Arts Abrams Battle Tank (1988), Electronic Arts Project Firestart (1989), Electronic Arts MechWarrior (1989), Activision Deathtrack (1989), Activision David Wolf: Secret Agent (1989), Dynamix A-10 Tank Killer (1989), Dynamix Stellar 7 (1990), Dynamix Red Baron (1990), Dynamix Red Baron: Mission Builder (1992), Dynamix Aces of the Pacific (1992), Dynamix Aces of the Pacific, Expansion Disk, WWII:1946 (1992), Dynamix Aces Over Europe (1993), Dynamix Ace of Aces (2008), Instant Action Villagers and Heroes (2011), Mad Otter Games References External links 1962 births Living people Place of birth missing (living people) Video game programmers Video game designers
Kitware, Inc. is a technology company headquartered in Clifton Park, New York. The company is involved in the research and development of open-source software in the fields of computer vision, medical imaging, visualization, 3D data publishing, and technical software development. History The company was founded in 1998 by Will Schroeder, Ken Martin, Lisa Avila, Charles Law and Bill Hoffman to support the Visualization Toolkit (VTK). VTK was initially created in 1993 by Schroeder, Martin and Bill Lorensen as companion software to “The Visualization Toolkit: An Object-Oriented Approach to 3D Graphics," originally published by Prentice-Hall. As VTK was released open source, a user community developed around the software and the founders of Kitware took this opportunity to start the business. Later, the company expanded its focus and offerings to include development in other areas such as biomedical imaging, large data visualization, quality software process, informatics, and data management. The company has four additional offices: Carrboro, North Carolina; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Santa Fe, New Mexico; Arlington, Virginia; and Kitware SAS, the European office, in Lyon, France. Kitware contributes to many popular open-source projects, such as VTK and CMake. References Companies based in New York (state) Data visualization software
Rachel Kunjummen Paulose (born March 12, 1973, Kerala, India) is an American attorney. She was nominated by President George W. Bush and unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate to serve as a United States Attorney. She was the youngest person and the first woman to lead the District of Minnesota. Early life Paulose's parents are Joseph, buildings and grounds superintendent for the Hopkins, Minnesota school district, and Lucy, a software engineer. She had one younger sister, Elizabeth Goulette, who died in 2019. In 1994, she earned a B.A. (summa cum laude) from the University of Minnesota where she was Phi Beta Kappa and a Harry S. Truman Scholar. She earned national recognition and honors as the Chair of the Student Representatives to the Board of Regents. She also served as the Commencement Speaker at the University of Minnesota. She earned her J.D. from the Yale Law School, where she was a Coker Fellow. Career Paulose's legal career began in 1997 when she worked as a law clerk under Judge James B. Loken of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. She then worked as a trial attorney in the Attorney General's Honors Program from 1998 to 1999. There, she prosecuted violations of the federal civil rights laws in the Voting Section of the Civil Rights Division. From 1999 until 2002, she worked as an Assistant United States Attorney. She first-chaired many trials in federal district court. She also briefed and argued many appeals before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Cases involved narcotics, violent crime, economic crime. Jury trial and Eighth circuit appellate highlights: precedent-setting detention of suspect based on economic threat alone; precedent-setting appellate work rejecting expansion of alien criminal defendants' claims of rights under Vienna Convention. She worked in private practice after 2002 with the Williams & Connolly law firm in Washington D.C. until 2003, where her work focused on health care litigation and business. Work also included defense against class action suit demanding slavery reparations. She was with the Dorsey & Whitney law firm in Minneapolis from 2003 until December, 2005. Work included defense of health care providers, commercial litigation, and constitutional advocacy. Paulose was appointed as the United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota in August 2006 and remained in that position until November 2007. Paulose subsequently worked as a senior counsel at the Securities and Exchange Commission. In 2015 she became a partner with the DLA Piper law firm. She is also a Visiting Professor at the University of St. Thomas (Minnesota). Appointment as U.S. Attorney In January 2006, Paulose returned to the Justice Department, where she briefly served as senior counsel to acting deputy attorney general Paul McNulty and was the department's special counsel for health care fraud. She assisted with the formulation of guidelines for health care fraud and corporate fraud prosecution. She was a special assistant to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. On February 17, 2006, Paulose was appointed to serve as interim U.S. Attorney for the District of Minnesota. The incumbent U. S. Attorney, Thomas Heffelfinger, had announced his resignation effective February 28. On August 3, 2006, while Paulose was serving as interim U.S. Attorney in Minnesota, President George W. Bush sent her nomination to the U.S. Senate, which unanimously confirmed her on December 9, 2006, the last day of the 109th Congress. The confirmation occurred after a hearing by the United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary and the approval of both home state senators, including Mark Dayton. Paulose pledged to fight child pornographers, saying that they were becoming "more graphic, more heinous, and frankly appalling." She also spoke out against urban crime and in favor of holding public officials accountable for their actions. During her tenure in office, Paulose tripled child pornography prosecutions, doubled gun prosecutions, and initiated the first ever prosecutions of human trafficking and aggravated identity theft. Paulose resigned in November 2007 after several members of her staff themselves resigned in protest over her leadership. Controversies Swearing-in ceremony Paulose's investiture was held before 300 people in the atrium of the University of St. Thomas School of Law in Minneapolis on March 9, 2007. Subsequently, Leah McLean of the Minneapolis television station KSTP ran a piece likening it to a "coronation", showing a program that referred to a "processional" and included a U.S. Marine color guard, professional photographer and choir. Paulose has dismissed the criticism, saying the program KSTP based its report on was inaccurate and had been discarded long before the ceremony, although the color guard and choir were indeed present. She also added that the cost to taxpayers was minimal since the school donated the use of its atrium (which it normally rents for $1,500) for the investiture ceremony at her request, she paid for everything and the total government cost of the ceremony was only $225, less than half the $500 she was budgeted. Representatives of government watchdog groups said the donation was inappropriate and that the money spent didn't include the cost to taxpayers of event planning by Paulose's employees. The Star Tribune reported that it was unusual that "the former U.S. attorney for Minnesota, Thomas Heffelfinger, was not invited" to the ceremony. Paulose's spokesperson, Jeanne Cooney, said "It was a public event. Anybody who wanted to go could have gone." The article speculated that Heffelfinger, a moderate Republican, could have been a candidate for a purge list had he not stepped aside to make way for a more conservative candidate. Staff resignations On April 5, 2007, three of Paulose's top administrators—First Assistant U.S. Attorney John Marti, second in command; civil division head Erika Monzangue and criminal division head James Lackner—voluntarily resigned those positions, reverting to simple assistant U.S. attorney status, reportedly in protest over Paulose's management style. According to the Star Tribune, she was noted for dressing down underlings and quoting Bible verses on the job. The resignations occurred after a visit from a representative of the Executive Office of the U.S. Attorney in Washington. A later report said that the visit had been a last-ditch attempt by the Bush administration to persuade the three not to resign, and that a fourth official declined to comment on whether he had resigned or not. Paulose's defenders say that three simply had trouble changing their ways to accommodate an aggressive young prosecutor determined to bring the office more into line with the Attorney General's policies, and it had nothing to do with politics. U.S. Attorney dismissal controversy On April 17, the Associated Press reported that the House Judiciary Committee had contacted Paulose for voluntary questioning about the "firings of 8 U.S. federal prosecutors" On May 31, 2007, the Los Angeles Times published an article stating that Paulose's predecessor was removed from his post for failing to pursue voter fraud cases that would prevent a significant number of Native Americans in Minnesota from casting ballots in the 2004 election, and that Paulose's appointment stemmed not only from her credentials, but from her work in private law filing "election lawsuits on behalf of the Minnesota GOP." Heffelfinger and an assistant U.S. Attorney, Rob Lewis, had previously expressed concern "about possible voter discrimination against Indians", according to the Times. Also reported was that one of Paulose's "first acts in office was to remove Lewis, who had written the 2004 e-mails to Washington expressing concern about Native American voting rights in Minnesota, from overseeing voting rights cases." On September 24, 2007, the Washington Post reported that Paulose "is the subject of an investigation by the U.S. Office of Special Counsel into allegations that she mishandled classified information, retaliated against those who crossed her, and made racist remarks about a support staff employee, said multiple sources in Minnesota and Washington, who declined to be identified because the probe is still under way. In addition, an internal Justice Department audit found that her employees gave her very low marks, alleging that she treated subordinates harshly and lacked the requisite experience for the job, according to several sources familiar with the audit. Her performance review was so poor that Kenneth E. Melson, head of the department's Executive Office for U.S. Attorneys, took the unusual step of meeting with her in Minnesota several weeks ago, according to two sources. The U.S. Office of Special Counsel released its findings on December 3, 2008, and found that there "were reasonable grounds to believe that a prohibited personnel practice had occurred that warranted corrective action". Paulose did indeed retaliate inappropriately against her top subordinate after he reported her for those transgressions. But the OSC noted that the settlement agreement "was entered into by the Department of Justice as a no-fault agreement and was not to be construed as an admission of liability by DOJ." The office and home of the OSC official who led the investigation against Paulose were raided "as part of an investigation into whether he himself mixed politics with official business." Resignation from office Palouse resigned on November 19, 2007, to work at the Justice Department. In reaction, Senator Norm Coleman said, "I support Rachel Paulose's decision today to step down from her duties as Minnesota's U.S. attorney. I have made it clear that I have had concerns about the office of the U.S. attorney under her watch, and I believe this decision will allow the office to move forward." Amy Klobuchar, Minnesota's other U.S. senator, also welcomed the resignation. Memberships Paulose is a contributing author for the American Bar Association focusing on Supreme Court cases and a guest writer for the Asian-American Press. She is Vice President for the Minnesota chapter of the National Asian Pacific American Bar Association and for the Eighth Circuit chapter of the Federal Bar Association. She also serves on the boards of directors of the League of Women Voters, the Yale Law School Fund, and the Trust for Public Land, in addition to being a scholarship selection judge for the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation. References External links United States Attorney's Office New York Times article from November 13, 2007 1973 births Living people American people of Malayali descent American women lawyers Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy Indian emigrants to the United States United States Attorneys for the District of Minnesota University of Minnesota alumni Women in Kerala politics Yale Law School alumni American politicians of Indian descent Minnesota Republicans Asian conservatism in the United States
Getty Designs is an image website, web services suite, and online community platform. In addition to being a popular website for sharing interior design photographs, the service is widely used by designers as a photo repository. Its popularity has been fueled by its organization tools that allow photos to be tagged and browsed by folksonomic means. Getty Designs is the world's latest interior design photo bank. It claims to host more than 1 million images. History Getty Designs was developed by CosmoSun, a MSC Malaysia Status company that launched Getty Designs in December 2004. The service emerged from tools originally created for Cosmo's, a web-based software developer. Early versions of Getty Designs focused on an images library with photo exchange capabilities. There was also an emphasis on collecting images found on the web rather than photographs taken by users. The successive evolutions focused more on the uploading and filing backend for individual users and the exchange function was buried in the site map. In February 2008, Property2u acquired Getty Designs. During the week of, all content was migrated to Property2u server in Malaysia, resulting in all data being subject to Law of the Malaysia. In July 2008, Getty designs updated its services from Free Photo Exchange Portal to Interior Design Photo Bank with more commercial benefit to user/members. This upgraded version of Getty Designs require membership registration with minimum subscription, along with a design and structural overhaul. For all intents and purposes, the current version is considered a stable release. In August 2008 upload limits on member account were increased to unlimited (originally a 1GB per month limit). Features Organization Getty Designs asks photo submitters to organize images using tags (a form of metadata), which allow searchers to find images concerning a certain topic such as place name or subject matter. Getty Designs provide access to images tagged with the most popular keywords. Because of its support for tags. Images can be posted to the user's collection via email attachments. Getty Designs has increasingly been adopted by many designers as their primary photo storage site. Filtering In August 2008, Getty Design introduced mandatory filtering of all photos and a process of central review of photos by staff to set levels of appropriateness. By default all Getty Designs accounts are set to the status appropriate for a general public. The filter system of Getty Designs assumes that photos may be unsafe and should not be public until a staff person has validated that the material is safe. Until this happens, which could take up to a week/month, material cannot be viewed by persons without a valid Getty Designs account. Categories Asian interior Attic and ceiling design Balcony photos Bathroom design Bedroom design Building architecture Condominium design Curtain photos Dining room design Entertainment space Exhibition and display Facade design Flower arrangement Furniture design Hall space planning Home decoration Hotel photo Illustration / artist impression Kids room Kitchen design Landscape design Living room design Lounge photos Office space Pool design Porch / veranda Restaurant design Roof design Shop design Spa and saloon design Staircase design Study area design Yard / void usage Gardening References External links Former address, now advertising Image-sharing websites American photography websites
Wolfgang Nebel (born 15 November 1956) is a German computer scientist and professor for integrated circuit design at the computer science (Informatik) department of the Carl von Ossietzky University of Oldenburg. Biography Nebel holds a Dipl.-Ing. degree in Electrical Engineering from the Leibniz University Hannover and a Dr.-Ing. degree from the Computer Science Department of the University of Kaiserslautern, where he has worked for Reiner Hartenstein. In 1987 Nebel joined Philips Semiconductors, Hamburg, and worked as software engineer, CAD project manager and finally became CAD software development manager. In 1993 he was appointed to the professorship VLSI design at the department of computer science at the Carl von Ossietzky University of Oldenburg. From 1996 to 1998 he served as dean of his department. Additionally since 1998 Nebel has been a member of the executive board of the OFFIS research center, an institute for information technology which is associated with Oldenburg University. From January 2001 December 2002 Nebel served as vice-president of Oldenburg University. Since June 2005 he has been chairman of the OFFIS – Institute for Information Technology. Nebel is co-founder, chairman and CTA of ChipVision Design Systems AG, an EDA start-up company located in Oldenburg, San Ramon, San Jose and Munich. Nebel is and has been involved in several international conferences as program chair or a general chair. He is also active in several additional program committees and professional organizations. His research interest are in methodologies and tools for embedded system design, in particular: object oriented HW/SW specification and synthesis as well as design for low power. References 1956 births Living people German computer scientists University of Hanover alumni Technical University of Kaiserslautern alumni Academic staff of the University of Oldenburg
Electronic resource management (ERM) is the practices and techniques used by librarians and library staff to track the selection, acquisition, licensing, access, maintenance, usage, evaluation, retention, and de-selection of a library's electronic information resources. These resources include, but are not limited to, electronic journals, electronic books, streaming media, databases, datasets, CD-ROMs, and computer software. History Following the advent of the Digital Revolution, libraries began incorporating electronic information resources into their collections and services. The inclusion of these resources was driven by the core values of library science, as expressed by Raganathan's five laws of library science, especially the belief that electronic technologies made access to information more direct, convenient, and timely. By the end of 1990s, however, it became clear that the techniques used by librarians to manage physical resources did not transfer well to the electronic medium. In January 2000, the Digital Library Federation (DLF) conducted an informal survey aimed at identifying the major challenges facing research libraries regarding their use of information technologies. The survey revealed that digital collection development was considered the greatest source of anxiety and uncertainty among librarians, and that knowledge regarding the handling of electronic resources was rarely shared outside individual libraries. As a result, the Digital Library Federation created the Collection Practices Initiative and commissioned three reports with the goal of documenting effective practices in electronic resource management. In his 2001 report entitled Selection and Presentation of Commercially Available Electronic Resources, Timothy Jewell of the University of Washington discussed the home-grown and ad hoc management techniques academic libraries were employing to handle the acquisition, licensing, and activation of electronic resources. He concluded that "existing library management systems and software lack important features and functionality" to track electronic resources and that "coordinated efforts to define needs and establish standards may prove to be of broad benefit." Writing in The Scholarly Kitchen in 2019, Joseph Esposito noted that in a meeting with the heads of a number of academic libraries of various sizes, there was unanimous expression of frustration with electronic resource management systems. Data analysis In the 2020s, libraries have expanded the usage of open source data analysis tools like the non-profit Unpaywall Journals which combines several methods to help librarians analyze data that can be used to select electronic resources. See also ERAMS (e-resource access and management services) OpenURL knowledge base UKSG E-Resources Management Handbook References Library management Library automation
Semtech Corporation is a supplier of analog and mixed-signal semiconductors and advanced algorithms for consumer, enterprise computing, communications and industrial end-markets. It is based in Camarillo, Ventura County, Southern California. It was founded in 1960 in Newbury Park, California. It has 32 locations in 15 countries in North America, Europe, and Asia. Semtech is the developer of LoRa, a long-range networking initiative for the Internet of Things. As of March 2021, over 178 million devices use LoRa worldwide. LoRa has been used in satellites, tracking of animals, UAV radio control, and natural disaster prediction, Semtech has been publicly traded since 1967. In 1995, Semtech ranked fifth on the Bloomberg 100 list of top-performing stocks of 1995 on the New York and American stock exchanges and the NASDAQ National Market. Products Semtech offers a variety of products, including LoRa, a long-range, low-power networking platform; receivers and transmitters; touch and proximity devices; wireless charging; and power management solutions. Acquisitions In December 1999, Semtech bought USAR Systems Inc., a maker of embedded devices for handheld and notebook computers, for $26.7 million in stock. In March 2012, it bought Gennum Corporation, a supplier of high-speed analog semiconductors, for approximately million (million). In the same month, they acquired Cycleo SAS, a supplier of wireless semiconductor products, for $5 million in cash. In August 2022, Semtech agreed to buy Canadian Internet of things (IoT) technology company Sierra Wireless in an all-cash transaction valued at US$1.2 billion including debt. The acquisition completed in January 2023. References External links Semiconductor companies of the United States Fabless semiconductor companies Manufacturing companies based in California Technology companies based in Greater Los Angeles Companies based in Ventura County, California Camarillo, California Electronics companies established in 1960 Technology companies established in 1960 1960 establishments in California Companies listed on the Nasdaq 1960s initial public offerings
ISO 10161 is the ISO standard, first published in 1993, that defines the interlibrary loan (ILL) application protocol for communication between various document exchange systems. It allows ILL systems at different libraries and residing on different hardware platforms and using different software packages such as VDX to communicate with each other to request and receive electronic documents. It is closely related to ISO 10160, the Interlibrary Loan Application Service Definition. References 10161 Library automation
Omniplan may refer to OmniPlan, management software created by The Omni Group Omniplan (architects), an American architecture design firm
Bill Hilf currently holds the position of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at Vulcan Inc. He was appointed CEO on 2 December 2016, succeeding Paul Allen. Before becoming CEO of Vulcan Inc., he was the Senior Vice President and General Manager at Hewlett-Packard Enterprise's Cloud business unit, where he was responsible for engineering, product management, and product marketing. Prior to his time at HPE, Bill spent ten years at Microsoft in a variety of leadership roles. Career IBM During his tenure at IBM, Hilf held the role of a senior software architect and helped to build the company's Open-source strategy in the early 2000s. According to Wired, “IBM was one of the first companies to realize the benefits of software that anyone can use and modify for free.” Microsoft Hilf was then recruited by Microsoft in 2004 to help the company understand and work with the open-source software community. While at Microsoft, Hilf worked in a variety of leadership roles, including Windows Server and helping to build the company's cloud service, Microsoft Azure. Hilf was instrumental in architecting Microsoft's early open-source strategy. For this work, he was recognized as one of the 25 most influential people at the company. Hewlett-Packard In 2013, Hilf joined HP with the goal of helping the company become “the world’s best provider for enterprises who want to build hybrid clouds” according to Wired. As its senior vice president, Hilf led the HP Cloud Research and Development and business operations. In 2016, the company underwent an organizational shift and announced Hilf was leaving the company to “pursue new opportunities.” In an email to GeekWire, Hilf wrote, “For me personally, when I joined, I made a commitment to build the cloud business here at HP for three years, and I’m now 3 years and one month in, and we have had very strong growth – just this past June HPE Helion was recognized as a leader in the private cloud market for the third year in a row. So this is the right time for me to help move the technologies and teams more deeply into the company, and to pursue new opportunities.” Vulcan Inc. In December 2016, Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen hired Hilf as CEO of his company, Vulcan Inc. In this role, he is tasked with guiding the company's diverse commercial and philanthropic endeavors—from capital investment and real estate to tackling climate change to promoting access to arts and culture among others. Philanthropy High Five Hope On a business trip to the Philippines for Microsoft in 2008, Hilf came across kids playing basketball on the streets with rags wrapped into a ball. As a former basketball player and amateur coach himself, he joined in. That experience led him to think about using sports as a tool to help kids. In 2008, Hilf launched High Five Hope, a non-profit aimed at “bringing the power of structured, supportive sports programs to street children in the Philippines. Initially, focused on basketball, High Five Hope has expanded to include a variety of sports like girls’ volleyball and futkal—a type of street soccer. Microsoft In his years at Microsoft, Hilf served as the company's executive sponsor to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), helping to build computer labs in refugee camps. He was also a divisional leader for the Microsoft “Give” campaigns. References Further reading — Background of Hilf's creation of High Five Hope Microsoft employees IBM employees Year of birth missing (living people) Living people
Ambiophonics is a method in the public domain that employs digital signal processing (DSP) and two loudspeakers directly in front of the listener in order to improve reproduction of stereophonic and 5.1 surround sound for music, movies, and games in home theaters, gaming PCs, workstations, or studio monitoring applications. First implemented using mechanical means in 1986, today a number of hardware and VST plug-in makers offer Ambiophonic DSP. Ambiophonics eliminates crosstalk inherent in the conventional stereo triangle speaker placement, and thereby generates a speaker-binaural soundfield that emulates headphone-binaural sound, and creates for the listener improved perception of reality of recorded auditory scenes. A second speaker pair can be added in back in order to enable 360° surround sound reproduction. Additional surround speakers may be used for hall ambience, including height, if desired. Ambiophonics, stereophonics, and human hearing In stereophonics, the reproduced sound is distorted by crosstalk, where signals from either speaker reach not only the intended ear, but the opposite ear, causing comb filtering that distorts timbre of central voices, and creating false “early reflections” due to the delay of sound reaching the opposite ear. In addition, auditory images are bounded between left (L) and right (R) speakers, usually positioned at ±30° with respect to the listener, thereby including 60°, only 1/6 of the horizontal circle, with the listener at the center. Human hearing can locate sound from directions not only in a 360° circle, but a full sphere. Ambiophonics eliminates speaker crosstalk and its deleterious effects. Using ambiophonics, auditory images can extend in theory all the way to the sides, at ±90° left and right and including the front hemi-circle of 180°, depending on listening acoustics and to what degree the recording has captured the interaural level differences (ILD) and the interaural time differences (ITD) that characterize two-eared human hearing. Most existing two channel discs (LPs as well as CDs) include ILD and ITD data that cannot be reproduced by the stereo loudspeaker “triangle” due to inherent crosstalk. When reproduced using ambiophonics, such existing recordings’ true qualities are revealed, with natural solo voices and wider images, up to 150° in practice. It is also possible to make new recordings using binaurally-based main microphones, such as an ambiophone, which is optimized for Ambiophonic reproduction (stereo-compatible) since it captures and preserves the same ILD and ITD that one would experience with one's own ears at the recording session. Along with lifelike spatial qualities, more correct timbre (tone color) of sounds is preserved. Use of ORTF, Jecklin Disk, and sphere microphones without pinna (outer ear) can produce similar results. (Note that microphone techniques such as these that are binaural-based but without pinna also produce compatible results using conventional speaker-stereo, 5.1 surround, and mp3 players.) Roots and research In 1981, Carver Corporation incorporated filtering to attempt to pre-subtract anti-crosstalk in their analogue Carver C4000 Control Console. This was called "Sonic Holography". An early hardware attempt to compensate for loudspeaker-ear crosstalk was to apply a little out-of-phase left channel to a separate driver in the right speaker cabinet, and vice versa. This was marketed in 1982 by Polk Audio as "true stereo" in their SDA-SRS, SDA1 and SDA2 series speakers by licensing the Carver Sonic Holography patent. In 1991, Roland Corporation launched Roland Sound Space, a system that created a 3D sound-space using stereo speakers. It worked better for some listeners than others. Ambiophonics is an amalgam of new research and previously known psychoacoustic principles and binaural technologies. This knowledge has enabled audio recording and reproduction that approaches the realistic soundfield at the ears of the listener that is comparable to what one would perceive in a concert hall, movie scene, or game environment. This level of high-fidelity was not realizable until human hearing and acoustics principles were thoroughly researched, and affordable PCs with sufficient processing speed became available. At the Casa Della Musica at the University of Parma, Italy, or at the listening lab at Filmaker Technology, Pennsylvania, US, ambiophonics, ambisonics, stereophonics, 5.1 2D surround, and hybrid full-sphere 3D systems can be compared for the abilities of these methods to convey the spatiality and tone color of real perception. Developers have provided many scientific papers and downloadable tools for implementing ambiophonics free of charge for personal use. Results and limitations By repositioning speakers closer together to create a stereo dipole, and using digital signal processing (DSP) such as free RACE (Recursive Ambiophonic Crosstalk Elimination) or similar software, ambiophonic reproduction is able to generate wide auditory images from most ordinary CDs/LPs/DVDs or MP3s of music, movies, or games and, depending upon the recording, restore the lifelike localization, spatiality, and tone color they have captured. For most test subjects, results are dramatic, suggesting that Ambiophonics has the potential to revitalize interest in high-fidelity sound reproduction, both in stereo and surround. Additionally, ambiophonics provides for the optional use of concert-hall or other ambience impulse response convolution to generate hall ambience signals for virtually any number and any placement of surround speakers. But ambiophonics is not for theaters, auditoriums, or any large groups. Ambiophonics can usually accommodate more than one listener since one can move back and forth along the line bisecting the speakers. Precisely because of the higher level of envelopment along this line, the loss of realism when one moves away from the center line is more dramatic in the case of Ambiophonics than stereo. The listening area can be enlarged with ambience convolution, whereby surround speakers mimic the contributions of concert-hall walls. Ambiophonics methods can be implemented in ordinary laptops, PCs, soundcards, hi-fi amplifiers, and even modest loudspeakers with consistent phase response, especially in any crossover regions. Neither true-binaural (dummy head with pinna) recordings nor head tracking are required, as with headphone-binaural listening. Commercial products now implement ambiophonics DSP, although tools for use on PCs are also available online. Surround sound In practice in its simplest two-speaker implementation, ambiophonic reproduction unlocks auditory cues for images of up to 150° horizontally (azimuth), depending on the binaural cues captured in existing stereo recordings. Multi-channel recordings made with ambiophone-like microphone arrays to make 5.1-compatible DVD/SACD recordings can be reproduced using just four speakers (a center speaker is obviated in ambiophonic layouts). Allowing for the human hearing “cone of confusion” at each side, a full 360° degree circle of perceived sound localization has been measured within ±5° of actual source azimuth, reproducing lifelike spatial envelopment and timbre (contributed by accurate directional provenance of early reflections) of multi-channel music, movies, and game content. Especially in the case of stereo content where ambience has been purposely reduced (because a natural level coming from front 60°-only is perceived as too much), additional signals for surround speakers can be produced using a measured hall impulse response, convolved in a PC with the two front channel signals. For full ambiophonic replay, one PC can provide the DSP for 4-channel crosstalk-cancellation and four or more (up to 16 depending on the PC) surround speakers. The development of ambiophonics is the work of several researchers and companies including Ralph Glasgal, founder of the Ambiophonic Institute; Dr. Angelo Farina, University of Parma; Robin Miller, Filmaker Technology; Waves Audio; Dr. Roger West, Soundlab; Dr. Radomir Bozovic, TacT Audio; and Prof. Edgar Choueiri, Princeton University. See also Soundbar References Robert E. (Robin) Miller III, papers, http://www.filmaker.com/ External links Surround sound
White Limousine is the fifth album by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on Zoë Records in 2006. Details The album was more political in nature, particularly in the singles "White Limousine" and "Shopping". The album came with a DVD-ROM which included software allowing the listener to remix tracks from the album. An outgrowth of the effort has been a dedicated website for fans to upload remixes of various songs. While there were at least a dozen fan remixes featured, the website was subsequently deactivated. Track listing All songs written by Duncan Sheik "Hey Casanova" – 5:12 "The Dawn's Request" – 4:25 "White Limousine" – 4:38 "I Don't Believe in Ghosts" – 3:47 "Nothing Fades" – 4:54 "Fantastic Toys & Corduroys" – 5:07 "Shopping" – 4:55 "Star-Field on Red Lines" – 3:44 "I Wouldn't Mind" – 3:30 "Land" – 5:27 "So Gone" – 3:35 "Hymn" – 6:04 Personnel Duncan Sheik - piano, electric guitar, 12 string guitar, acoustic guitar, tambourine, Fender Rhodes, hammered dulcimer, drum loops, synthesizers, Wurlitzer, accordion Gerry Leonard - electric guitar, drum loops Jeff Allen - bass Doug Yowell - drums, percussion Jay Bellerose - percussion David Poe, Fil Kronengold - background vocals Technical Kevin Killen - recording, mixing Bob Ludwig - mastering Jeremy Cowart - photography Steven Jurgensmeyer, Sarit Melmed - design References 2006 albums Duncan Sheik albums Zoë Records albums
Maximization or maximisation may refer to: Maximization in the sense of exaggeration Entropy maximization Maximization (economics) Profit maximization Utility maximization problem Budget-maximizing model Shareholder value, maximization Maximization (psychology) Optimization (mathematics) Expectation–maximization algorithm See also Minimization (disambiguation)
P2000 is a one-way communications network for pagers based on Motorola's FLEX-protocol in the Netherlands. The network is used by all emergency services and provides nationwide coverage. Several tests have shown the network can cope with the largest disasters when large numbers of emergency personnel need to be reached. The P2000 network is maintained by the Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations. Messages are similar to SMS-messages. The FLEX-protocol does not provide encryption, which means any message can be read by everyone with a receiver. Several websites provide a live monitor for all messages on this network. External links Live P2000 monitor Pagers Radio paging Telecommunications equipment
PostBooks is a proprietary accounting and enterprise resource planning business system geared toward small to medium-sized businesses. It used to be released under an open source CPAL license on GitHub, but was made non-free in June 2019. Postbooks was based on the commercially licensed xTuple ERP system created by xTuple, a private software company based in Norfolk, Virginia (VA), United States. Name The name PostBooks is derived from three aspects of the project. The first "Post" alludes to the common concept of posting journals in accounting. Second, the name refers to the project's technological roots as it runs exclusively on the PostgreSQL database. Finally, the name suggests PostBooks as a logical step of progression for businesses that have outgrown the popular QuickBooks small business accounting product by Intuit. History PostBooks is the foundation of the xTuple ERP software developed and marketed by the company of the same name beginning in the year 2000. All of the xTuple ERP Editions are targeted toward small to midsize companies. PostBooks is offered on a commercial base in the Distribution Edition, the Manufacturing Edition, and the Enterprise Edition. The first stable release of PostBooks was version 2.2.0 announced in September 2007 when its code was first made publicly available on SourceForge. Since then source code management has been moved to GitHub. On June 20, 2019, it was announced the distribution of the free PostBooks Editions has been discontinued. Functionality PostBooks is divided into 7 functional modules: Accounting, Sales, CRM, Manufacture, Purchase, Inventory and Products. It supports multi-currency and multi-language capability and is therefore suited for international deployment. All modules are integrated into a single common code base in the client, and reside in a single database schema on the server. The difference between PostBooks and commercial editions is completely managed in the database schema where the Commercial database includes additional tables and functions to support larger enterprises. The PostBooks project includes two application interface options: a locally installed Graphical User Interface (GUI) client and a REST based web services API for integration with third-party applications, all of which feed into the same PostgreSQL back end database. The GUI client is using a client–server methodology written in C++ using the Qt framework. Both the Qt client and PostgreSQL database server may be run on Windows, Macintosh, or Linux operating systems. The GUI client also uses the OpenRPT report writer and renderer as its embedded reporting engine. OpenRPT is an LGPL licensed open source project also administered by xTuple and hosted on GitHub. The web client is written entirely in JavaScript using Enyo to manage the presentation layer and Backbone for the model layer. It communicates with a NodeJS server which provides the REST web services interface. The web client uses Pentaho to provide reporting and business intelligence functions. Extendability One of the major advantages of the PostBooks (and commercial) software is the technology it is written in, which allows significant customization of the database and functionality of the system. Customization is overlaid over core functionality and allows easy manipulation of the system from the simple addition of an extra field, to significant functionality overhauls. This is evident in that the entire Manufacturing feature set is developed as a scripted package over the commercial core application. As such PostBooks can be modified to meet the requirements of most organizations. Community Before going proprietary, PostBooks had a mature and established community. While the project was technically maintained on GitHub, most community activity is initiated at the xTuple hosted community website where additional forums and technical documents are available. PostBooks is written using English as the base language but has been or is being translated into several languages by the community at large including Spanish, French, German, Russian, Turkish, Chinese and Portuguese. Notes Free accounting software Free customer relationship management software Free ERP software Enterprise resource planning software for Linux
Attorney General v Observer Ltd [1990] is an English tort law case on breach of confidentiality. It also raised questions of the interests of public policy and freedom of expression, under the European Convention on Human Rights, because it involved a spy's publication of secret information. Facts Peter Wright worked for MI5. After retiring he wrote a book called Spycatcher, describing his work. This was in breach of the Official Secrets Act 1911. It was published in Australia and the US. The Observer and The Guardian published articles on proceedings in the Australian courts by the UK government to stop the publication. The Attorney General then sought and received an interlocutory injunction restraining publication of information obtained by Wright in June 1986. In July 1987 the Sunday Times published extracts from the book two days before its publication in the US. The Attorney General sought and was given injunctions to restrain further publication. But Scott J discharged them, holding the paper was liable to account for profits resulting from the publication. The Court of Appeal dismissed the Attorney General's appeal, and he appealed again to the House of Lords. Judgment Lord Keith of Kinkel, Lord Bummingham, Lord Griffiths, Lord Goff of Chieveley and Lord Jauncey of Tullichettle upheld the Attorney General's appeal, finding that the Sunday Times publication was in breach of its duty of confidence. That could arise both in contract and equity. A duty of confidence precludes disclosure to others, and a third party (like a newspaper) with confidential information is similarly bound by a duty if they know it is confidential. This was true unless the confidential information was already known to the general public, or the duty to keep the information secret was outweighed by a countervailing public interest in the information. The Attorney General had to show that disclosure was contrary to the public interest. Because Spycatcher was already interestingly published worldwide, the injunctions were not necessary. The articles in the Observer and Guardian contained no damaging information, meaning no breach of confidentiality. But the Sunday Times was in breach of its duty of confidence. It was not protected by a defence of prior publication, and the fact that the story was to be published imminently in the US made no difference. It was therefore liable for the profits it made. However no further injunctions were to be granted on this matter. In the course of the decision, Lord Goff stated the common law principle that "[In England] everybody is free to do anything, subject only to the provisions of the law". References External links Full text of the judgment from Bailii House of Lords cases English tort case law 1988 in United Kingdom case law The Guardian English privacy case law The Observer United Kingdom constitutional case law
Volume testing belongs to the group of non-functional tests, which are a group of tests often misunderstood and/or used interchangeably. Volume testing refers to testing a software application with a certain amount of data to assert the system performance with a certain amount of data in the database. Volume testing is regarded by some as a type of capacity testing, and is often deemed necessary as other types of tests normally don't use large amounts of data, but rather typically use small amounts of data. It is the only type of test which checks the ability of a system to handle large pools of data. For example, the test can be used to stress the database to its maximum limit. While the amount can, in generic terms, be the database size, it could also be the size of an interface file that is the subject of volume testing. For example, if one wants to volume test an application with a specific database size, the database will be expanded to that size and the application's performance will then be tested on it. Another example could be when there is a requirement for the application to interact with an interface file (could be any file such as .dat, .xml); this interaction could be reading and/or writing on to/from the file. A sample file of an intended size can then be created and used to test the application's functionality in order to test the performance. References Software testing
InfraRecorder is an open-source CD and DVD writing program for Microsoft Windows. First started by Christian Kindahl in the Google Summer of Code 2006, InfraRecorder uses the cdrtools software library to perform the actual burning. Since 0.46, InfraRecorder is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License 3 and is free software. In November 2007, CNET rated InfraRecorder the best free alternative to commercial DVD burning software. InfraRecorder is included on the VALO-CD, a collection of open source software for Windows. Functionality InfraRecorder supports disk rewriting and dual-layer DVDs. InfraRecorder can also burn a disc from an ISO image file. This program is completely portable on the Windows operating system. As of version 0.40, InfraRecorder offers features similar to most CD- and DVD-authoring software, including the creation and burning of data and audio disc images, the ability to work with rewritable and multisession discs, and the ability to extract WAV and ISO image files from discs. One can also use the LAME MP3 encoder to save Audio CD tracks. InfraRecorder is available in a version that will run natively on 64-bit versions of Windows; however, this version doesn't include an Ogg Vorbis decoder or libsnd library due to compilation difficulties with MinGW on the 64-bit Windows platform. See also List of optical disc authoring software List of ISO image software References External links Optical disc authoring software Free optical disc authoring software Windows CD/DVD writing software Free software programmed in C++ Windows-only free software Portable software 2006 software
Presidential elections were held in Equatorial Guinea on November 29, 2009. Teodoro Obiang Nguema, who has been President since 1979, ran for another term and won re-election with 95.8% of the vote, according to official results. Opposition leader Plácido Micó Abogo placed second with 3.6%. However, international observers and the main opposition candidate questioned the legitimacy of this election, noting the poor management which created an unfriendly field for other candidates to take part, media manipulation and the unbalanced results. Background According to a presidential decree issued on February 29, 2008, the election was planned for 2010. However, it was announced on October 16, 2009, that the election would be held on November 29, 2009. Micó Abogo criticized the election date, arguing that the government intended to deprive the opposition of adequate time to prepare for the election by announcing the date only 45 days in advance. He said that his party, the Convergence for Social Democracy (CPDS), would participate in the election, along with other opposition parties, although he alleged that the ruling Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea (PDGE) was planning fraud. Campaign Campaigning began on November 5. The Equatoguinean Ambassador to the United States, Purificacion Angue Ondo, stressed that the government was "committed to holding fair and democratic elections. As part of our reform efforts we aim to ensure all voices are heard. We view open access of the media to political candidates as crucial in this process. We are committed to ensuring all of our candidates are able to exercise their right to speak to the press." The government pointed to an interview given by Micó Abogo on the Spanish International Channel, which was broadcast on television in Equatorial Guinea, as a sign of its commitment to openness. Parties running candidates in the election were to receive public funds for campaigning purposes. There were about 291,000 people registered to vote. There is substantial variation in estimates of the total population, with low estimates of around 600,000 people and high estimates of more than one million. Five candidates stood in the election, although two of them were characterized by the international press as mere proxies for President Obiang. Obiang's campaign presented him as the candidate representing continuity and successful management of Equatorial Guinea's lucrative oil industry, promising redistribution of oil wealth and economic development. Declaring himself to be "the candidate of the people", Obiang said that no one could contradict the will of the people and expressed confidence that he would win more than 97% of the vote (he officially won the previous presidential election, held in 2002, with 97.1%). Meanwhile, Mico Abogo denounced the government as oppressive and said that it won elections only through fraud. He also said that oil wealth had only served to enrich the small elite surrounding Obiang and that it helped to reinforce the regime. According to a diplomat posted in Malabo, who pointed to Micó Abogo's severe criticisms of the government, the campaign had been marked by an increased "freedom of tone" for the opposition. Noting that the government wanted the election to appear credible, he believed that the increased degree of freedom was the result of negotiations with the government. The active participation of the opposition in the campaign was nevertheless considered limited by Almani Cyllah of the International Foundation for Electoral Systems: "These elections would have been a turning point if the opposition had actually participated. We would have felt that yes, things are moving in the right direction. But the opposition felt that the elections were not going to be free and fair." Popular Action of Equatorial Guinea candidate Carmelo Mba Bacale announced on 28 November that he had decided to boycott the election. He alleged that the PDGE was planning fraud, saying that PDGE members were heading polling stations as well as the electoral commission. Conduct On election day, 29 November, voter turnout was reportedly low. Mico Abogo denounced the conduct of the election, saying that fraud and manipulation were rife, and he declared that he would not accept the official results. Observers noted irregularities in the election. Abogo also claimed that "government agents voted in place of the public and some polling stations closed early." Abogo's allegation of fraud came amidst international observations that the media had been subjected to manipulations throughout the election, including the refusal of visas for the press and enhanced public relations activity by a private firm supporting President Obiang. Soon after the election, Human Rights Watch said "In recent weeks it [the government] has stifled and harassed the country's beleaguered political opposition ... [and] imposed serious constraints on international observers." With similar observations and accounts in mind, IFES commentator Almani Cyllah said that "it is a little difficult to see how we can say that those elections are free and fair." Results Nearly complete provisional results were released by 1 December, showing Obiang winning 95.19% of the vote; Micó Abogo was credited with 4.05%, while Popular Union candidate Archivaldo Montero was credited with 0.39%, Party of the Social Democratic Coalition candidate Bonaventura Monsuy Asumu was credited with 0.19%, and Mba Bacale (who had announced a boycott the day before the election) was credited with 0.17%. 292,585 people were said to have voted, a figure that slightly exceeded the official number of registered voters (about 291,000). According to official results, Obiang's lead increased slightly when the final results were released on 3 December. According to those results, Obiang received 95.8% of the vote, Micó Abogo received 3.6%, Montero received 0.34%, and Monsuy Asumu received 0.17%. Speaking to a gathering of thousands of supporters in Malabo on 3 December, Obiang declared that the people had chosen "progress and peace" by re-electing him. He vowed "to focus on health and education" as well as more training for women and the youth, while stressing the importance of spending the country's oil wealth responsibly. The official results were inconsistent, with the total of votes received by candidates (271,992) being 28 higher than the published total valid votes (271,964). Aftermath Obiang was sworn in for his new seven-year term in a ceremony at the Palace of Congress in Bata on 8 December 2009; various other African heads of state were in attendance. On the occasion, Obiang spoke of a "bright and promising future". He also said that he would promote cooperation between parties so that there could be a political consensus for the good of the nation. References Presidential elections in Equatorial Guinea Equatorial Presidential Election
The Transfer Orbit Stage (TOS) was an upper stage developed by Martin Marietta for Orbital Sciences Corporation during the late 1980s and early 1990s. The TOS was designed to be a lower-cost alternative to Inertial Upper Stage and Centaur G upper stages. The TOS was designed to be deployed by the Titan 34D, Commercial Titan III and Space Shuttle. The main propulsion system of the Transfer Orbit Stage was an Orbus 21 solid rocket motor. Attitude control was provided by hydrazine thrusters. The inertial guidance system used a ring laser gyroscope produced by Honeywell. Its control system employed a digital optimal, time-scheduled control algorithm to provide stability whilst the Orbus 21 was burning, while a phase-plane controller was used to manage its reaction-control system. Only two Transfer Orbit Stages were launched. The first was launched on 25 September 1992, aboard a Commercial Titan III with the Mars Observer spacecraft bound for Mars. Despite a successful launch, the Mars Observer spacecraft later malfunctioned. The second use of a TOS was the deployment of the Advanced Communications Technology Satellite from on mission STS-51. This was also successful. The Transfer Orbit Stage was designed to separate from the Space Shuttle via pyrotechnic devices enclosed in a frangible metal joint known as a Super*Zip. On STS-51, the primary and backup pyrotechnic devices inside the Super*Zip were erroneously fired simultaneously, resulting in minor damage to both the TOS, and the Shuttle's payload bay lining. However, the ACTS satellite deployed successfully and functioned normally on orbit. The Shuttle landed safely despite the anomaly. References Rocket stages
Alert on LAN (AOL, sometimes AoL) is a 1998, IBM- and Intel-developed technology that allows for remote management and control of networked PCs. AOL requires a Wake on LAN adapter. Technical details The main idea of AOL is to send warnings to remote administrators about different PC conditions using a LAN. These conditions include: System unplugged from power source System unplugged from network Chassis intrusion Processor removal System environmental errors High temperature Fan speed Voltage fluctuations Operating system errors System power-on errors System is hung Component failure Alert on LAN 2 (AOL2) extends AOL to allow active PC management, including: Remote system reboot upon report of a critical failure Repair Operating System Update BIOS image Perform other diagnostic procedures See also Wake-on-LAN Alert Standard Format Desktop and mobile Architecture for System Hardware Additional resources AOL Introduction from IBM Remote control
Secondary structure prediction is a set of techniques in bioinformatics that aim to predict the secondary structures of proteins and nucleic acid sequences based only on knowledge of their primary structure. For proteins, this means predicting the formation of protein structures such as alpha helices and beta strands, while for nucleic acids it means predicting the formation of nucleic acid structures like helixes and stem-loop structures through base pairing and base stacking interactions. Secondary structure prediction can refer to: Protein structure prediction Nucleic acid structure prediction See also List of protein secondary structure prediction programs List of RNA structure prediction software
Capitol Advantage is a Fairfax, VA based technology company. Roll Call acquired Capitol Advantage for $43 million in August 2008. Company Description The company is the largest publisher of Congressional directories in the country as well as the market leader in software for online advocacy, having over 1,700 clients. Their clients include large organizations such as America Online, Microsoft, and Yahoo, in addition to over a 1,000 large and small lobbying organizations. The company was founded in 1986 by Bob Hansan and has since grown to a multimillion-dollar company with over 80 employees, including an affiliated sister company, Knowlegis. Products Congress At Your Fingertips Capwiz XC and its public-facing website Congress.org Knowlegis PACbuilder References External links Capitol Advantage - Company website Knowlegis - sister company website Economist Group Companies based in Fairfax, Virginia
The 2007 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship was the 8th staging of the AVC Club Championships. The tournament was held in Manama, bahrain. Paykan of Iran won the tournament after beating Al-Hilal of Saudi Arabia. Pools composition The teams are seeded based on their final ranking at the 2006 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship. Preliminary round Pool A Pool B Classification 9th–12th Semifinals 11th place 9th place Classification 5th–8th Semifinals 7th place 5th place Final round Semifinals 3rd place Final Final standing Awards MVP: Mohammad Soleimani (Paykan) Best scorer: Peyman Akbari (Paykan) Best server: Mohammad Torkashvand (Paykan) Best spiker: Jumaa Faraj (Al-Arabi) Best blocker: Mohammad Mousavi (Paykan) Best libero: Farhad Zarif (Paykan) Best setter: Khalil Hajji (Al-Hilal) Best digger: Ahmed Al-Bakhit (Al-Hilal) References Asian Volleyball Confederation Goalzz 2007 Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship International volleyball competitions hosted by Bahrain A Asian Mens Club Volleyball Championship, 2007
The Henry B. and Caroline Clarke/Bishop Louis Henry and Margaret Ford House or Clarke-Ford House is a Greek Revival style home, now serving as a house museum in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Built around 1836, it is considered the oldest existing house built in Chicago. Henry Brown Clarke was a native of New York State who had come to Chicago in 1833 with his wife, Caroline Palmer Clarke, and his family. He was in the hardware business with William Jones and Byram King, establishing King, Jones and Company, and provided building materials to the growing Chicago populace. The house was built by a local contractor, probably John Rye, who later married the Clarkes' housemaid, Betsy. Originally built on a large lot near Michigan Avenue and 17th Street, it has been moved twice, most recently in 1977 to Indiana Avenue and 18th Street, near to its original location. In the mid-20th century, it was cared for by a church and its leader Bishop Ford, who spurred its preservation as the city's oldest home. Its current location in a park and gardens is part of the Prairie Avenue Historic District in the Near South Side community area. Oldest surviving house in Chicago Clarke-Ford House may have been modeled on the home of William B. Ogden. The Clarke-Ford house is often described as the oldest surviving house in Chicago, although part of the Noble-Seymour-Crippen House in the Norwood Park neighborhood was built in 1833. (However, Norwood Park was not annexed to Chicago until 1893.) The Clarke-Ford House was designated a Chicago Landmark on October 14, 1970. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 6, 1971. Originally built on of land near Michigan Avenue between 16th and 17th Streets, it is currently located at 1827 S. Indiana, near its original location. Clarke's decision to build south of the River made him the first wealthy Chicagoan to build there. Clarke suffered severe financial setbacks during the Panic of 1837 and used the surrounding land for farming and hunting. This setback resulted in a delay in the completion of the south rooms of his house. Widow Clarke's House Clarke died in 1849 after being stricken with cholera. Caroline Palmer Clarke lived until 1860 and it was during this time that the house was known as the "Widow Clarke's House". After her husband's death, Caroline Clarke established "Clarke's addition to Chicago" by selling all but of the original land that went with the house. She used this money to support her family and renovate her house, adding an elaborate back portico with Doric columns, much like the original portico facing the lake. The new porch faced the newly gaslit Michigan Avenue. At the same time, she added an Italianate cupola and decorated her dining room and front parlor, which remained unfinished from the time of the family's financial setbacks. In 1871 John Chrimes, a prominent Chicago tailor, purchased the house and moved it farther south to 45th Street and Wabash Avenue into what was then the township of Hyde Park. When the house was being moved, a packet of papers was discovered that Clarke had apparently buried when building the house. The packet contained a memorial to President Martin van Buren recommending Henry Clarke for a job, tax receipts, newspapers of the day, and a statement in Henry Clarke's handwriting, stating, "I, Henry B. Clarke, am an ardent Democrat." In the 20th century, the building came into the hands of the St. Paul Church of God in Christ. As the parsonage and community hall of this church, the Clarke House was the working home of Bishop Louis Henry Ford, the man for whom the Bishop Ford Freeway would later be named. Ford did much to preserve and repair the structure, and worked to bring its history to the attention of the city. Another move In 1977, the City of Chicago purchased the house and moved it to its current location, a project that included lifting the entire building over the L tracks on the Englewood-Jackson Park line. It was a cold December night and the hydraulic equipment responsible for supporting the house froze. For two weeks, the house sat adjacent to the El tracks until it could be moved to its current home at 1827 S. Indiana. Renaming After an increase in public interest in the history of the preservation of the house, the St. Paul Church of God in Christ began to generate support for renaming it to honor Bishop Louis Henry Ford. This effort was led by Pastor Kevin Anthony Ford, Bishop Ford's grandson and pastor of the church. The Chicago City Council approved the renaming of the House from the Henry B. Clarke House to the Henry B. and Caroline Clarke/Bishop Louis Henry and Margaret Ford House on November 18, 2022 to recognize the role of Bishop Louis Henry and Margaret Ford in preserving the house. Clarke-Ford House Museum The Clarke-Ford House Museum is operated as a historic house museum by the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events, in partnership with The National Society of The Colonial Dames of America in the State of Illinois, which provides the period furnishings. References External links Clarke-Ford House Museum Historic house museums in Illinois Houses completed in 1836 Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Chicago Chicago Landmarks Museums in Chicago Tourist attractions in Chicago National Society of the Colonial Dames of America 1836 establishments in Illinois
The Server-based Certificate Validation Protocol (SCVP) is an Internet protocol for determining the path between an X.509 digital certificate and a trusted root (Delegated Path Discovery) and the validation of that path (Delegated Path Validation) according to a particular validation policy. Overview When a relying party receives a digital certificate and needs to decide whether to trust the certificate, it first needs to determine whether the certificate can be linked to a trusted certificate. This process may involve chaining the certificate back through several issuers, such as the following case: Equifax Secure eBusiness CA-1 ACME Co Certificate Authority Joe User Currently, the creation of this chain of certificates is performed by the application receiving the signed message. The process is termed "path discovery" and the resulting chain is called a "certification path". Many Windows applications, such as Outlook, use Cryptographic Application Programming Interface (CAPI) for path discovery. CAPI is capable of building certification paths using any certificates that are installed in Windows certificate stores or provided by the relying party application. The Equifax CA certificate, for example, comes installed in Windows as a trusted certificate. If CAPI knows about the ACME Co CA certificate or if it is included in a signed email and made available to CAPI by Outlook, CAPI can create the certification path above. However, if CAPI cannot find the ACME Co CA certificate, it has no way to verify that Joe User is trusted. SCVP provides us with a standards-based client-server protocol for solving this problem using Delegated Path Discovery, or DPD. When using DPD, a relying party asks a server for a certification path that meets its needs. The SCVP client's request contains the certificate that it is attempting to trust and a set of trusted certificates. The SCVP server's response contains a set of certificates making up a valid path between the certificate in question and one of the trusted certificates. The response may also contain proof of revocation status, such as OCSP responses, for the certificates in the path. Once a certification path has been constructed, it needs to be validated. An algorithm for validating certification paths is defined in RFC 5280 section 6 (signatures, expiration, name constraints, policy constraints, basic constraints, etc.). Again, this could be done locally by the client or by the SCVP server with Delegated Path Validation. SCVP facilitates Federated PKIs, such as one with a Bridge Certificate Authority. External links RFC 5055 - Server-Based Certificate Validation Protocol (SCVP) (December 2007 Proposed Standard) Cryptographic protocols Internet Standards Internet protocols
Philip Chandler Gale (November 15, 1978 – March 13, 1998) was an American pioneering Internet software developer, computer prodigy, and sophomore student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He was notable for having written Total Access while at MIT, and was hired by EarthLink at the age of 16 to work on its development. In 2008, the company had more than one million users. By the age of 17, Gale had earned roughly a million dollars' worth of stock options at EarthLink for his innovative ISP programs. In 1995, Gale's father died from a heart attack, and friends said Gale struggled to come to terms with the loss. He returned to MIT in 1996 and became a music major. Early life and education Philip Chandler Gale was the eldest child of Marie and David Gale. He had a younger sister Elizabeth. His parents and many of his immediate family were deeply committed to the Church of Scientology. His mother Marie had been in the church from the age of 12, and her parents and grandparents were also believers. Philip's father was a software engineer, and in 1981 had founded RealWorld, a supplier of accounting software. His parents met through the church in Los Angeles, where Marie was on staff and David was a fanatic. The family moved from Los Angeles to New Hampshire when Philip was young, and he showed "an early aptitude for numbers and machines". Seeing his abilities, Marie taught him at home with another mother, and said that before the age of five, he was reading and doing math at the second and third-grade level. Later they lived in Clearwater, Florida; Charlotte, North Carolina; Utah; and Oregon. From the age of 8, Gale lived and studied at The Delphian School in Sheridan, Oregon, a private boarding school based on L. Ron Hubbard's study technology. Philip's parents personally knew the founders of the school. He graduated from there at age 14. At that time, his family had moved to Utah. Gale got a job in programming at the marketing firm where his father worked, but he had contentious relations with fellow workers, as he could outperform many older programmers and had a tendency to treat people who were not as intelligent as he with contempt. College and EarthLink Gale was admitted to MIT at the age of 15 in 1993. He initially pursued studies in physics and engineering. In addition to his ability in programming, he was an accomplished musician. At MIT, he joined the Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity as a freshman in late 1994. At 16, Gale wrote an important software program called "Total Access", to increase usage of Internet service providers (ISP). He was hired by EarthLink over Christmas break his first year as a student, and took a 3-semester sabbatical from MIT to work at the company, which had been founded by Sky Dayton, a Scientology member and fellow Delphian School alumnus. As director of research and development, Gale developed his program to increase the ability of the company's internet servers to connect customers to the Internet, giving the firm a competitive advantage that helped it ascend to the top ranks among ISPs. It eventually acquired one million customers and a market share worth $2 billion. During his time away from MIT, Gale started indulging in drinking, smoking, gambling, and sex, exploring experiences that were at odds with his earlier religious education. He abandoned Scientology, and compared its methods to the self-parodying Church of the SubGenius. During his time at EarthLink, Gale dated a couple of women, but had difficulties relating to many of his coworkers. His father died from a heart attack in 1995 when Gale was 17. Friends and family said that Gale was profoundly affected by the loss of his father. A year later, he seemed to be struggling with real grief and trying to come to terms with it. Before his 17th birthday he declared legal emancipation, which allowed him to exercise stock options worth about a million dollars at EarthLink, which was about to go public. Return to MIT Gale returned to MIT in 1996. In fall of 1997, he switched from physics to the humanities, becoming a music major and surprising some of his friends. He performed with a chorus and Balinese-style percussion orchestra. With a friend, Gale formed a rock band and played drums. In late 1997 he took a course in Musical Aesthetics and Media Technology with MIT Media Laboratory professor Tod Machover. Machover later said that Gale was "a quiet, serious, unusual, talented and brilliant young man". As an example, Machover said that a week before his death, Gale returned with a proposal for a complex project, having gone in his own direction after some of their preliminary discussions. He proposed to develop a way to analyze diverse sounds, among them crowd noises, nature sounds, and machines clanging, permitting them to be organized and associated according to rhythmic, loudness, and coloristic similarities. "The idea was great, and very much in line with some of the more ambitious hopes that our group has for the future of music", Machover commented. Gale acquired an expensive new digital recorder to work on this project. Also in the fall of 1997, Gale moved out of the fraternity house and room which he had shared with his friend Eric Hu, and into an apartment in Central Square with two other students. Hu later said that Gale had mentioned suicide in the weeks before his death, complaining about being bored and depressed, and feeling that his state would not change. Gale had a relationship for months with Christine Hrul, a student at Wellesley College, but he had abruptly broken off their relationship in February 1998. About that time, he wrote an email to an old friend saying he was depressed and thought about suicide. Friends said he had mostly stopped going to class and wasn't eating well. Death For weeks, Gale had been asking classmates how to get access to the roof of MIT's tallest structure, the Cecil and Ida Green Building, which is occupied by the Earth, Atmospheric, and Planetary Sciences Department. On March 13, 1998, at about 7:30 pm in an empty classroom on the 15th floor of the Green Building, Gale brought his portable digital recorder, which he switched on. Gale then wrote and drew the following on the blackboard: Isaac Newton's equation for how an object accelerates as it falls, along with a sketch of a stick figure tossing a chair. He signed it, "Phil was here", picked up a chair and hurled it through the heavy plate glass window. Witnesses said that he cleared the glass shards away, and then jumped out the window. Eric Plosky, a student at MIT, was inside an adjacent dorm watching television at the time of Gale's death, and heard a crashing sound. Plosky recounted to National Public Radio, "The windows of the building were sealed. So he actually had to throw a chair out the window to break it so that he could jump through. The noise that we heard was that chair hitting the ground. Some of the people in my dorm actually looked out the window in time to see him fall." "It was typical Phil. It's so like him to have planned a show", said his former girlfriend Christine Hrul, "He was so careful with things in his life, so methodical". Students reported hearing the sound of breaking glass, then a splintering sound, and last a scream. Gale was taken to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 8:05 pm. Police released part of Gale's suicide note, which was found at his apartment: Presumably I have jumped from a tall building. Yes, it is odd. To tell you why would be to tell you my mind! I cannot do this. I am not crazy, albeit driven to suicide. "It is not about any single event, or person. It is about stubborn sadness, and a detached view of the world. I see my life — so much dreary, mundane, wasted time wishing upon unattainable goals — and I feel little attachment to the future. But it is not so bad, relatively. I exaggerate. "In the end, it is that I am unwilling (sick of living) to live in mediocrity. And this is what I have chosen to do about it. "The saddest part is the inevitable guilt and sorrow I will force on my family and friends. But there is not much I can say. I am sorry. Try to understand that this is about me and my 'fuked up ideas.' It is not because I was raised poorly or not cared for enough. It just is. "Please give my $ to my family and my gizmos to people who will use them. — and no fuking suing! "I am scared of the fall. I am scared of the impact. But when it is through, it will be through. "take care world, Philip" Gale closed his handwritten suicide note with a smiley face and the words "And stay happy!" After an investigation and an autopsy by Cambridge police, Gale's death at the age of nineteen, late on the evening of March 13, 1998, was ruled a suicide. A memorial service was held at the MIT Chapel on March 19. His body was cremated in Boston and his ashes were shipped to his mother for a private ceremony. Gale was survived by his mother and a sister. Media coverage and Scientology Gale was raised a Scientologist, but at the time of his death he had distanced himself from its practices. Gale was said to have fully abandoned his Scientology beliefs while at EarthLink. A close friend at EarthLink, Brian Ladner, said that "Leaving Scientology was a traumatic experience. He was brought up thinking it was the only way." Ladner says while they worked together, he introduced Gale to Church of the SubGenius, which specializes in debunking cults and has developed its own cult following. During that period, Ladner reported that Gale hung a poster of J. R. "Bob" Dobbs, SubGenius' fictional spiritual leader, on his office door. According to Ladner, the pair of young men had also done a lot of partying in Los Angeles, and worked for a time on a "pornographic Web site hosted by EarthLink". Shortly after Gale's death, speculation on campus, in the media, and on the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology arose. Questions arose about the role his Scientology background may have played in his suicide, particularly because he died on the day that adherents celebrate founder L. Ron Hubbard's birthday. Gale had been in contact with a reporter for the Boston Herald and had been interviewed as part of a scathing 5-part series titled "Scientology Unmasked", published March 1 through 5, 1998, just days before his suicide by Joseph Mallia. Though Gale was not named in the special report for which he had been interviewed, Mallia also wrote an article about his death shortly thereafter. Matthew Munsey, an MIT student who witnessed Gale's suicide, created a website called "Who is Philip Gale?" in an effort to make sense of the incident. He stated "Since this tragedy, I have thought a great deal about Philip and what he was trying to say. These questions need to be answered. Meanwhile, I will collect information here." This site included some personal notes from friends and photos, until it was taken down; it can only be accessed by web archival machines. Others who spoke publicly dismissed the idea that Scientology was significant in his suicide. Lauren McLeod, a reporter with the Concord Journal and friend of Gale's, said that he had been struggling to deal with lasting grief following his father's sudden death from a heart attack in October 1995. His friend Eric Hu said that Gale had complained of being depressed and bored. Another friend from EarthLink had received an email expressing his discontent about a week before his death. In November 1999 a fellow MIT student, Matthew Herper, published an article reflecting on several student deaths, including Gale's suicide. People magazine featured Gale's story in a 2001 series of articles on suicides at MIT, describing him as a music major "so prodigiously bright that he counted few of his much older peers as intellectual equals". His mother and sister were interviewed and photographed for the article. Though it touched on Gale's Scientology upbringing, it mostly focused on the high suicide rate at MIT and student access to health care on campus. In August 2001, the National Public Radio program All Things Considered noted that, in the wake of Gale's death, MIT had investigated how to deal with issues of student suicides. The student Eric Plosky commented to NPR: "In many ways, suicide has been looked on as something that's just part and parcel of life at the Institute. That ingrained thinking historically, I think, has prevented administrators from looking at suicide as a problem to which there might be some reasonable response." The investigative report released by MIT identified deficiencies within its mental health program. Between 1995 and 2015, the rate of suicides among MIT undergraduate students was 50% higher than the national average for college students, and slightly higher than comparable figures at nearby Harvard University. In a 2015 interview, MIT Chancellor Cynthia Barnhart acknowledged that the numbers were of concern, but had improved since the early 2000s. See also List of suicides References 1978 births 1998 suicides 1998 deaths American SubGenii American former Scientologists Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni People from Los Angeles People from New Hampshire College students who died by suicide Suicides by jumping in the United States Suicides in Massachusetts
NeoGAF is an Internet forum primarily dedicated to the discussion of video games. Founded as an adjunct to a video game news site under the name Gaming-Age Forums, on April 4, 2006 it changed its name to NeoGAF and became independently hosted and administered. In 2017, site owner Tyler "Evilore" Malka was accused of sexual harassment. The allegations resulted in moderator resignations, mass exodus off the site and later site policy changes. Former members and moderators would later launch the new forum ResetEra. History NeoGAF began as "The Gaming-Age Forums", a forum for gaming website Gaming-Age. As Gaming-Age outgrew its hosting, IGN took over hosting of Gaming-Age's forums. After IGN ceased hosting of GAF in mid-2001, GAF moved to ezboard, and the administration of GAF became more estranged from Gaming Age. As the Gaming-Age staff became gradually more divorced from the day-to-day operation of GAF, problems with the new Gamesquad hosting cropped up. As software bugs in vBulletin 2, the version GAF was using at the time, continued to worsen, the Gamesquad hosting became increasingly more impractical, until the forums' database became corrupted, forcing a move to new hosting in order to change software and salvage what was left of the forums' database. In the spring of 2004, a fundraiser was held to move GAF to new hosting. On June 6, 2004, GAF took its newest form (known as NeoGAF to long-time posters) and moved to new hosting and new software, vBulletin 3. On April 4, 2006, the forums were relaunched as NeoGAF, the former in-moniker, by its administrators. NeoGAF also features its own front page, an upfront admission that the forum's audience had drifted from that of its birthing news site, but yet mandated a single portal to represent the forum's members. In an interview with VG247 in 2013, Tyler Malka claimed that he was offered $5 million to sell the website, turning down the offer. One year later he stated in a forum post that the offer doubled, later saying he also turned down the deal. Sexual misconduct allegations against Malka and moderators exodus On October 21, 2017, film director Ima Leupp described in a Facebook post, as part of the #MeToo phenomenon, a trip she took with NeoGAF owner Tyler "Evilore" Malka two years before. She said that while she and Malka were drinking together in a New Orleans hotel room in April 2015, she became very sick. While cleaning up in the shower, she said he approached her "fully naked" from behind without her consent. Following the sexual harassment scandal, half of the site's moderation staff resigned, and many users posted "suicide threads" wherein they demanded to be banned from the forum. The website went offline soon after. Afterwards, NeoGAF was restored, suspending the off-topic sections of the board, and announcing that politics would henceforth be a prohibited subject of discussion and that moderation would become anonymous. Industry response Members of the video games industry have been known to be members of the website, such as David Jaffe and Cliff Bleszinski; Cliff has since left the site. In 2007, in a thread discussing the resignation of Peter Moore from Microsoft, one user making fun of Microsoft's vice president of global marketing Jeff Bell received a personal message asking them "And your contribution to society is ... what?" The account was later found to be Jeff Bell's. Malka later said he saw a shift on the forums with people in the games industry being more careful of what they post. In a 2009 thread post on NeoGAF dedicated to the game Scribblenauts, user "Feep" relayed the experience of discovering during E3 that he was able to go back in time with a time machine to collect a dinosaur in order to defeat an army of robot zombies that could not be defeated with regular weapons. The story, memorialized as "Post 217", led to the games artist Edison Yan creating a desktop wallpaper image of the story, in appreciation of the positive fan response to the game, and the terms "Post Two One Seven", "Feep", and "Neogaf" were included as summonable objects in the game. Scribblenauts director Jeremiah Slaczka credited the word-of-mouth popularity of "Post 217" for part of the game's success at E3, and noted that he had contacted Feep to gain his permission to include "Feep" (appearing as a robot zombie) within the game. Describing the development struggles of 2017's Rime, Tequila Works co-founder Raúl Rubio Munárriz said that reading the forum's reactions reduced him to tears for two days and that if he had read them early on in development, the game would have been cancelled. "Partly because I just don't understand the cruelty, but more importantly because I could see those years over those two days, and I began to understand that maybe people can love something so much that they can hate it." Criticism One of the biggest critics of NeoGAF was game designer and former Silicon Knights president Denis Dyack. In June 2008, he issued a challenge to forum users. He asked users to say whether they were for or against the then upcoming Silicon Knights game Too Human. Once the game was released, if the game received negative reception, Dyack would have "Owned by GAF" under his forum name. If positive reception, users who voted against the game would have had "Owned by Too Human." Dyack would later go on the 1UP Yours podcast, explaining his challenge was an experiment to expose the lack of accountability on online forums, adding that NeoGAF would crumble if it doesn't reform itself. He was later permanently banned from the site in August that same year after calling it the worst online forum. Circa 2017, NeoGAF was criticized for biased moderation and banning political dissidents. Tyler "Evilore" Malka made a post admitting biased moderation by at least one former member of the moderation staff. Malka stated that the ex-moderator banned hundreds of members without justification. Malka also made the declaration that discussion should be encouraged with different points of view, saying that people on the website have been "driven out, character assassinated, labeled traitor for not sounding angry enough, or for not being entirely on board with ostracizing someone else for the same reasons." In October 2023, NeoGAF moderators banned all Pro-Palestine members, who expressed their opinions on the Israel-Gaza war - labelling them "Propagandists" and "Terrorist-sympathizers" on NeoGAF's banlist. In the media In 2007, the website partnered up with The Get-Well Gamers Foundation to launch a donation campaign to bring video games to children in hospitals. NeoGAF raised $5,600 in cash and inventory donations over the October to December period. An exchange on the forum inspired members to start the development of Dudebro II in 2010. The game was intended to be a satirical take on the machismo found in some modern titles and was planned to feature Jon St. John, the voice of Duke Nukem, as the lead, but is currently vaporware. The team's last statement, in late 2017, disassociated the game from NeoGAF due to the sexual harassment controversy, claiming a new and unrelated team would be created to continue development. In 2014, Slates David Auerbach claimed that NeoGAF "hosts pedophilia discussions on non-age-restricted boards and has a sexist owner" as an example of the site's hypocrisy in dealing with the Gamergate harassment campaign. In June 2015, a Reddit sub-community devoted towards mocking NeoGAF became one of five communities shut down by the site. Reddit argued the ban hit groups "that allow their communities to use the subreddit as a platform to harass individuals when moderators don’t take action." Vice News noted the site was one of the largest drivers of traffic to Hillary Clinton's website during the 2016 U.S. presidential election. See also List of Internet forums Notes References External links Sister website Video game Internet forums Video game news websites Internet properties established in 2000
In software engineering, the laws of software evolution refer to a series of laws that Lehman and Belady formulated starting in 1974 with respect to software evolution. The laws describe a balance between forces driving new developments on one hand, and forces that slow down progress on the other hand. Over the past decades the laws have been revised and extended several times. Context Observing that most software is subject to change in the course of its existence, the authors set out to determine laws that these changes will typically obey, or must obey for the software to survive. In his 1980 article, Lehman qualified the application of such laws by distinguishing between three categories of software: An S-program is written according to an exact specification of what that program can do. For example, a program to find solutions to the eight queens puzzle would be an S-program. These programs are mostly static and shouldn't evolve much. A P-program is written to implement certain procedures that completely determine what the program can do (the example mentioned is a program to play chess) An E-program is written to perform some real-world activity; how it should behave is strongly linked to the environment in which it runs, and such a program needs to adapt to varying requirements and circumstances in that environment The laws are said to apply only to the last category of systems. The laws All told, eight laws were formulated: (1974) "Continuing Change" — an E-type system must be continually adapted or it becomes progressively less satisfactory. (1974) "Increasing Complexity" — as an E-type system evolves, its complexity increases unless work is done to maintain or reduce it. (1974) "Self Regulation" — E-type system evolution processes are self-regulating with the distribution of product and process measures close to normal. (1978) "Conservation of Organisational Stability (invariant work rate)" — the average effective global activity rate in an evolving E-type system is invariant over the product's lifetime. (1978) "Conservation of Familiarity" — as an E-type system evolves, all associated with it, developers, sales personnel and users, for example, must maintain mastery of its content and behaviour to achieve satisfactory evolution. Excessive growth diminishes that mastery. Hence the average incremental growth remains invariant as the system evolves. (1991) "Continuing Growth" — the functional content of an E-type system must be continually increased to maintain user satisfaction over its lifetime. (1996) "Declining Quality" — the quality of an E-type system will appear to be declining unless it is rigorously maintained and adapted to operational environment changes. (1996) "Feedback System" (first stated 1974, formalised as law 1996) — E-type evolution processes constitute multi-level, multi-loop, multi-agent feedback systems and must be treated as such to achieve significant improvement over any reasonable base. Relevance of the Laws of Software Evolution in Modern Software Engineering In the dynamic world of modern software engineering, the Laws of Software Evolution continue to hold a profound relevance. These laws, originally formulated by Lehman and Belady in the 1970s, provide enduring insights into the nature of software systems and their evolution. In today's software development landscape, where agility and adaptability are paramount, these laws serve as guiding principles. "Continuing Change" is a foundational concept, emphasizing that software must evolve continually to remain satisfactory. This aligns perfectly with agile development methodologies, where iterative updates and feature enhancements are the norm. "Increasing Complexity" is another key law that underscores the need for active management of complexity, particularly in large and long-lived software projects. As software systems grow, modern engineering practices such as modular design, microservices, and DevOps help control and reduce complexity, ensuring that software remains maintainable and scalable. The Laws of Software Evolution also find relevance in the context of DevOps and continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD). In a DevOps-driven environment, the "Continuing Growth" law is exemplified as software features must be continually expanded to meet evolving user demands and maintain user satisfaction. The "Declining Quality" law is a stark reminder that software quality can deteriorate over time without rigorous maintenance, highlighting the importance of automated testing and quality assurance in modern software development. Furthermore, the "Feedback System" law reinforces the idea that software evolution is a feedback-driven process, with multiple loops and agents involved. This resonates with the emphasis on collaboration and feedback within DevOps practices, ensuring that software is developed, tested, and deployed with a focus on continuous improvement. In summary, the Laws of Software Evolution continue to guide software engineers in navigating the complexities of modern development, from agile methodologies to DevOps, helping them deliver robust, evolving software systems. References Software maintenance
Éric Berthou (born 23 January 1980) is a French former professional road bicycle racer, who currently manages amateur team Ty Raleigh. His sporting career began with BIC 2000. Career Born in Brest, Brittany, Berthou started his career with in 2003 before joining the French team the following season, where he won a stage of Paris–Corrèze in 2004. When R.A.G.T. Semences closed at the end of 2005, Berthou joined the Spanish ProTour squad . In the spring of 2012, Berthou was in a solo breakaway in the Tro Bro Leon and observers thought he was in a good position to win until he faltered with fatigue during the last 10 kilometers, allowing Canadian Ryan Roth () to take the victory. Berthou finished 12th in that race, with the main chase group, 37 seconds behind the winner. Berthou retired at the end of the 2013 season, after eleven years as a professional, and joined the management team at his final professional outfit . Major results 2002 1st Ronde du Pays Basque 2004 1st Stage 3 Paris–Corrèze 2012 1st Val d'Ille Classic 1st Stage 2 Tour de Bretagne 2013 3rd Rutland–Melton International CiCLE Classic 10th Grand Prix de la Ville de Lillers References External links Cyclingbase Palmarès Sportspeople from Brest, France Living people French male cyclists 1980 births Cyclists from Brittany
Problem-Oriented Development is an emerging paradigm of computing that emphasises problems (as opposed to requirements) as the primary subject of scrutiny by software engineers. As such, Problem-Oriented Development is concerned with: Investigating the structure of organisational problems as addressed by Software Engineering; Providing formalisms for modelling and representing problems; Providing guidance and frameworks for problem analysis and decomposition; Defining techniques for formally justifying solutions (e.g. by associating problem components with solution components); Supporting knowledge reuse during problem analysis (e.g. through problem patterns). Specific Approaches Problem-Oriented Software Engineering provides a formal definition of problems, and a framework for associating problems with solutions through formal, logical arguments; Problem Frames provide a framework for defining empirical models of software engineering problems which are grounded in the physical world. The Problem Frames approach also provides a set of elementary problem patterns; The Domain Theory hypothesises a set of cognitive "deep structures" corresponding to components of domain knowledge and draws on these to provide a framework for modelling software problems. Research Influences of Problem-Oriented Development Knowledge Engineering is a field of computer science which offers a significant body of work on problem-solving methods. Problem-solving methods are patterns of reasoning that are applied to solve specific problems. The work on problem abstractions within knowledge engineering can therefore provide a basis for research in software engineering. Cognitive Science, which may be defined as the study of the nature of intelligence, offers a basis for studying the cognitive structures that domain experts develop of problems, as well as for better understanding human approaches to problem solving. The Domain Theory is one example of the influence of cognitive science in Problem-Oriented Development research. Events The First International Workshop on Problem-Oriented Development (POD-2009) will be hosted by the TOOLS-EUROPE 2009 conference. References Software development process
Jim Oldfield is an author, editor, and reviewer famous for his work with Commodore computers. He is married to Deb Oldfield and is the father of James, Jon, and Jason Oldfield. He was the founder of the pioneering Commodore magazine, the Midnite Software Gazette, and was Associate Editor of .info (magazine). He is currently Vice President and Publisher at Abacus, a computer book and software publisher that specializes in supporting simulation software. References Abacus INFO Magazine History External links Oldfield Family Page Technical writers Commodore people Living people Year of birth missing (living people) Place of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of mammals for which there is documented evidence of homosexual behavior. These animals have been observed practicing homosexual courtship, sexual behavior, affection, pair bonding, or parenting. Bruce Bagemihl writes that the presence of same-sex sexual behavior was not officially observed on a large scale until the 1990s due to possible observer bias caused by social attitudes towards LGBT people, which made homosexuality in animals a taboo subject. He devotes three chapters, "Two Hundred Years at Looking at Homosexual Wildlife", "Explaining (Away) Animal Homosexuality", and "Not For Breeding Only" in his 1999 book Biological Exuberance to the "documentation of systematic prejudices" where he notes "the present ignorance of biology lies precisely in its single-minded attempt to find reproductive (or other) "explanations" for homosexuality, transgender, and non-procreative and alternative heterosexualities. Petter Bøckman, academic adviser for the Against Nature? exhibit, stated "[M]any researchers have described homosexuality as something altogether different from sex. They must realise that animals can have sex with who they will, when they will and without consideration to a researcher's ethical principles". Homosexual behavior is found amongst social birds and mammals, particularly the sea mammals and the primates. Animal sexual behavior takes many different forms, even within the same species and the motivations for and implications of their behaviors have yet to be fully understood. Bagemihl's research shows that homosexual behavior, not necessarily sexual activity, has been documented in about 500 species as of 1999, ranging from primates to gut worms. Homosexuality in animals is controversial with some social conservatives because it asserts the naturalness of homosexuality in humans, while others counter that it has no implications and is nonsensical to equate animal behavior to morality. Animal preference and motivation is inferred from behavior, thus homosexual behavior has been given a number of terms over the years. Modern research applies the term homosexuality to all sexual behavior (copulation, genital stimulation, mating games and sexual display behavior) between animals of the same sex. This is a list of some mammals that have been recorded engaging in homosexual behavior, which is part of a larger list of animals displaying homosexual behavior including birds, insects, fish, etc. Selected images List African buffalo African elephant Agile wallaby Amazon river dolphin American bison Antelope Asian elephant Asiatic mouflon Atlantic spotted dolphin Australian sea lion Barasingha Barbary sheep Beluga Bharal Bighorn sheep Black bear Blackbuck Black-footed rock wallaby Black-tailed deer Bonin flying fox Bonnet macaque Bonobo Bottlenose dolphin Bowhead whale Brazilian guinea pig Bridled dolphin Brown bear Brown capuchin Brown long-eared bat Brown rat Buffalo Caribou Cat (domestic) Cattle (domestic) Chacma baboon Cheetah Chimpanzee Chital Collared peccary Commerson's dolphin Common brushtail possum Common dolphin Common marmoset Common pipistrelle Common tree shrew Common wallaroo Cotton-top tamarin Crab-eating macaque Crested black macaque Dall's sheep Daubenton's bat Dog (domestic) Donkey Doria's tree kangaroo Dugong Dwarf cavy Dwarf mongoose Eastern cottontail rabbit Eastern grey kangaroo Elk European bison European polecat Fallow deer False killer whale Fat-tailed dunnart Fin whale Fox François' langur Gazelle Gelada baboon Goat (domestic) Golden monkey Gorilla Grant's gazelle Grey-headed flying fox Grey seal Grey squirrel Grey whale Grey wolf Grizzly bear Guinea pig (domestic) Hamadryas baboon Hamster (domestic) Hanuman langur Harbor porpoise Harbor seal Himalayan tahr Hoary marmot Horse (domestic) Human (see Human sexual behavior) Indian fruit bat Indian muntjac Indian rhinoceros Japanese macaque Javelina Kangaroo rat Killer whale Koala Kob Larga seal Least chipmunk Lechwe Lesser bushbaby Lion Lion-tailed macaque Lion tamarin Little brown bat Livingstone's fruit bat Long-eared hedgehog Long-footed tree shrew Macaque Markhor Marten Masked palm civet Moco Mohol galago Moor macaque Moose Mountain goat Mountain tree shrew Mountain zebra Mouse (domestic) Moustached tamarin Mule deer Musk-ox Natterer's bat New Zealand sea lion Nilgiri langur Noctule North American porcupine Northern elephant seal Northern fur seal Northern quoll Olympic marmot Orangutan Pacific striped dolphin Patas monkey Pere David's deer Pig (domestic) Pig-tailed macaque Plains zebra Polar bear Pretty-faced wallaby Proboscis monkey Pronghorn Przewalski's horse Pudú Puku Quokka Rabbit Raccoon Raccoon dog Red deer Red fox Red kangaroo Red-necked wallaby Red squirrel Reeves's muntjac Reindeer Rhesus macaque Right whale Rock cavy Rodrigues fruit bat Roe deer Rufous bettong Rufous-naped tamarin Rufous rat kangaroo Saddle-back tamarin Savanna baboon Sea otter Serotine bat Sheep (domestic) Siamang Sika deer Slender tree shrew Snub-nosed monkey Sooty mangabey Sperm whale Spider monkey Spinifex hopping mouse Spinner dolphin Spotted hyena Spotted seal Squirrel monkey Striped dolphin Stuart's marsupial mouse Stumptail macaque Swamp deer Swamp wallaby Tabish Takhi Talapoin Tammar wallaby Tasmanian devil Tibetan macaque Tasmanian rat kangaroo Thinhorn sheep Thomson's gazelle Tiger Tonkean macaque Tucuxi Urial Ursine colobus Vampire bat Verreaux's sifaka Vervet Vicuna Walrus Wapiti Warthog Waterbuck Water buffalo Weeper capuchin Western grey kangaroo West Indian manatee Whiptail wallaby White-faced capuchin White-fronted capuchin White-handed gibbon White-lipped peccary White-tailed deer Wild cavy Wild goat Yellow-bellied marmot Yellow-footed rock wallaby Yellow-toothed cavy See also List of birds displaying homosexual behavior Bibliography References Mammals Mammals Homosexual Mammalian sexuality
Net.Data is a programming language by IBM used largely for database-backed web applications. It is a server-side scripting language that extends Web servers by enabling the dynamic generation of Web pages using data from a variety of data sources. The data sources can include relational and non-relational database management systems. References Domain-specific programming languages IBM software
IBox (Internet in a Box) was one of the first commercially available Internet connection software packages available for sale to the public. O'Reilly & Associates (now O'Reilly Media) created and produced the package, in collaboration with Spry, Inc. Spry, Inc. also started up a commercial Internet service provider (ISP) called InterServ. The IBox software included the Winsock program and TCP/IP stack that were needed to connect a computer running Microsoft Windows to the Internet in 1994. The IBox package also included a licensed copy of the NCSA Mosaic web browser called AIR Mosaic, AIR Mail (an email client), AIR News (an NNTP news client), AIR Telnet, AIR Gopher, and an FTP Network File Manager. Combined with InterServ's dial-up access, Internet in a Box provided a complete solution for members of the general public to access the Internet, a network previously available almost exclusively to government and collegiate users, or to the public only indirectly through e-mail gateways provided by hosted systems such as BBSes and CompuServe. The inclusion of a web browser further gave access to the then-nascent World Wide Web. The pioneering Internet book from O'Reilly, Ed Krol's 'Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog' (US-1993) was included in the US product. The European edition of the product also included Sue Schofield's 'UK Internet Book' (UK 1994). Spry, Inc. Spry, Inc. was a small software company headed up by David Pool in Seattle, Washington. Spry was the first company licensing the Mosaic Web browser source code. In 1995 CompuServe bought Spry, Inc. for $100 million in cash and stock of H&R Block (the parent company of CompuServe). References External links Information Week article about the purchase of Spry, Inc. Internet writer Sue Schofield's Web page. 1994 software CompuServe Discontinued software Discontinued internet suites Web 1.0
Biomechanical engineering, also considered a subfield of mechanical engineering and biomedical engineering, combines principles of physics (with a focus on mechanics), biology, and engineering. Topics of interest in this field include (experimental and theoretical) biomechanics, computational mechanics, continuum mechanics, bioinstrumentation, design of implants and prostheses, etc. This is a highly multidisciplinary field, and engineers with such a background may enter related niche careers, e.g., as an ergonomics consultant, rehabilitation engineer, biomechanics researcher, and biomedical device engineer. Biomechanical engineers can be seen as mechanical engineers that work in a biomedical context. This is not only due to occasionally mechanical nature of medical devices, but also mechanical engineering tools (such as numerical software packages) are commonly used in analysis of biological materials and biomaterials due to the high importance of their mechanical properties. Some research examples are computer simulation of the osteoarthritis, patient-specific evaluation of cranial implants for virtual surgical planning, computed tomography analysis for clinical assessment of osteoporosis, to name a few. Application domains and related areas Core applications: Design, manufacturing, and maintenance of biomechanical devices (e.g., implants) Occupational biomechanics Orthopedic biomechanics Cardiovascular biomechanics Dental biomechanics Plant biomechanics Tissue mechanics Mechanobiology Forensic biomechanics Also, contributing extensively to: Biomaterials and tissue engineering Biomechatronics and biorobotics In silico medicine Sports engineering Digital twin Bionics Research Groups Some examples of the research groups and departments: Delft University of Technology Georgia Institute of Technology Iran University of Science and Technology University of Twente Stanford University References Engineering disciplines
Courier (also known as Courier Email) was an email client for Microsoft Windows. The software was originally released in 1996 as Calypso by Micro Computer Systems (MCS). Courier supported the POP3, IMAP and SMTP protocols, provided several features for HTML security and allowed to use multiple e-mail accounts from one mailbox. Version 3.0 introduced html support and improved message security in comparison to version 2.0, however some features were not yet supported for html messages. In 1998 the MCS introduced another Calypso branded product, Calypso Message Center, intended for tracking and distributing messages for corporate customers. The company abandoned further development of Calypso, which was acquired in 2003 by RoseCitySoftware. This led to freeware release of version 3.3 and name change of the next shareware version 3.5 to Courier. An upgrade path was negotiated with PocoSystems to add Courier-type features to Pocomail and direct Courier users to migrate to PocoMail 4.8 as a replacement for Courier 3.5. Free versions of the unfinished beta, requiring no registration, were available at the Yahoo Courier user group. As of June 2021 the software is not available for download from official sources. References External links Courier Email clients Windows email clients
Allegro Common Lisp is a programming language with an integrated development environment (IDE), developed by Franz Inc. It is a dialect of the language Lisp, a commercial software implementation of the language Common Lisp. Allegro CL provides the full American National Standards Institute (ANSI) Common Lisp standard with many extensions, including threads, CLOS streams, CLOS MOP, Unicode, SSL streams, implementations of various Internet protocols, OpenGL interface. The first version of Allegro Common Lisp was finished at the end of 1986, originally called Extended Common Lisp. Allegro CL is available for many operating systems including Microsoft Windows (32/64-bit), and many Unix and Unix-like, 32-bit or 64-bit, including macOS (Intel, 32/64-bit), Linux (32/64-bit), FreeBSD (32-bit), Solaris (x64, SPARC; 32/64-bit), UNICOS, and UTS. Internationalization and localization support is based on Unicode. It supports various external text encodings and provides string and character types based on Universal Coded Character Set 2 (UCS-2). Allegro CL can be used with and without its integrated development environment (IDE), which is available for Windows, Linux, and on macOS in version 8.2. The IDE (written in Allegro CL) includes development tools including an editor and an interface designer. Allegro CL can be used to deliver applications. Allegro CL is available as freeware, a Free Express Edition (with some limits like a constrained heap space) for non-commercial use. Customers can get access to much of the source code of Allegro CL. Allegro CL includes an implementation of Prolog and an object caching database called AllegroCache. The most recent release, Allegro CL 10.1, supports Symmetric Multiprocessing. Allegro CL has been used to implement various applications: Naughty Dog used it for the development of various video games, implementing the development environments for Game Oriented Object Lisp and Game Oriented Assembly Lisp Allegro CL has been used to implement scheduling systems for various telescopes including the Hubble Space Telescope and the Spitzer Space Telescope See also LispWorks References External links Common Lisp implementations Common Lisp (programming language) software Functional languages Object-oriented programming languages
SS&C Advent (formerly Advent Software) is a business unit of SS&C Technologies. Advent Software was founded in 1983 by Stephanie DiMarco and Steve Strand. DiMarco served as President and CEO until June 2012, at which point she stepped down and was succeeded by Peter Hess. On July 8, 2015, Advent Software was acquired by SS&C Technologies and is now known as SS&C Advent. Corporate identity Logo design References External links Companies based in San Francisco Software companies established in 1983 Financial software companies 1983 establishments in California 2015 mergers and acquisitions Software companies of the United States Companies established in 1983 1983 establishments in the United States
Some conspiracy theories contend that the collapse of the World Trade Center was not solely caused by the airliner crash damage that occurred as part of the September 11 attacks, and the resulting fire damage, but by explosives installed in the buildings in advance. Controlled demolition theories make up a major component of 9/11 conspiracy theories. Early advocates such as physicist Steven E. Jones, architect Richard Gage, software engineer Jim Hoffman, and theologian David Ray Griffin, proposed that the sole aircraft impacts and resulting fires could not have weakened the buildings sufficiently to initiate the catastrophic collapse, and that the buildings would have neither collapsed completely nor at the speeds that they did without additional energy involved to weaken their structures. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and the magazine Popular Mechanics examined and rejected these theories. Specialists in structural mechanics and structural engineering accept the model of a fire-induced, gravity-driven collapse of the World Trade Center buildings, an explanation that does not involve the use of explosives. NIST "found no corroborating evidence for alternative hypotheses suggesting that the WTC towers were brought down by controlled demolition using explosives planted prior to Sept. 11, 2001." Professors Zdeněk Bažant of Northwestern University, Thomas Eagar, of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and James Quintiere of the University of Maryland, have also dismissed the controlled-demolition conspiracy theory. In 2006, Jones suggested that thermite or super-thermite may have been used by government insiders with access to such materials and to the buildings themselves, to demolish the buildings. In April 2009, Jones, Dane Niels H. Harrit and seven other authors published a paper in The Open Chemical Physics Journal, causing the editor, Prof. Marie-Paule Pileni, to resign as she accused the publisher of printing it without her knowledge; this article was titled 'Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe', and stated that they had found evidence of nano-thermite in samples of the dust that was produced during the collapse of the World Trade Center towers. NIST responded that there was no "clear chain of custody" to prove that the four samples of dust came from the WTC site. Jones invited NIST to conduct its own studies using its own known "chain of custody" dust, but NIST did not investigate. History The controlled demolition conspiracy theories were first suggested in September 2001. Eric Hufschmid's book, Painful Questions: An Analysis of the September 11th Attack, in which the controlled demolition theory is explicitly advocated, was published in September 2002. David Ray Griffin and Steven E. Jones are the best known advocates of the theory. Griffin's book The New Pearl Harbor, published in 2004, has become a reference work for the 9/11 Truth movement. In the same year, Griffin published the book The 9/11 Commission Report: Omissions and Distortions, in which he argues that flaws in the commission's report amounts to a cover-up by government officials and says that the Bush administration was complicit in the 9/11 attacks. Steven E. Jones has been another voice of the proponents of demolition theories. In 2006, he published the paper "Why Indeed Did the WTC Buildings Completely Collapse?". On September 7, 2006, Brigham Young University placed Jones on paid leave citing the "increasingly speculative and accusatory nature" of his statements, pending an official review of his actions. Six weeks later, Jones retired from the university. The structural engineering faculty at the university issued a statement which said that they "do not support the hypotheses of Professor Jones". In its final report, NIST stated that it "found no corroborating evidence for alternative hypotheses suggesting that the WTC towers were brought down by controlled demolition using explosives planted prior to Sept. 11, 2001. NIST also did not find any evidence that missiles were fired at or hit the towers. Instead, photographs and videos from several angles clearly show that the collapse initiated at the fire and impact floors and that the collapse progressed from the initiating floors downward until the dust clouds obscured the view" and posted a FAQ about related issues on its website in August 2006. Allegations of controlled demolition have been found to be devoid of scientific merit by mainstream engineering scholarship. The magazine Popular Mechanics also found the theories lacked scientific support in its special report "Debunking the 9/11 Myths". Articles, letters and comments by controlled demolition advocates have been published in scientific and engineering journals. In April 2008, a letter titled "Fourteen Points of Agreement with Official Government Reports on the World Trade Center Destruction," was published by Steven E. Jones, Frank Legge, Kevin Ryan, Anthony Szamboti and James Gourley in The Open Civil Engineering Journal. A few months later, in July 2008, an article titled "Environmental anomalies at the World Trade Center: evidence for energetic materials," was published by Ryan, Gourley and Jones in the Environmentalist. Later that same year, in October 2008, the Journal of Engineering Mechanics published a comment by chemical engineer and attorney James R. Gourley, in which he describes what he considered fundamental errors in a 2007 paper on the mechanics of progressive collapse by Bažant and Verdure. In the same issue, Bažant and Le rebutted Gourley's arguments, finding his criticisms scientifically incorrect. They suggested future critics should "become acquainted with the relevant material from an appropriate textbook on structural mechanics" or risk "misleading and wrongly influencing the public with incorrect information." In April 2009, Danish chemist Niels H. Harrit, of the University of Copenhagen, and eight other authors published a paper in The Open Chemical Physics Journal, titled, "Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe." The paper concludes that chips consisting of unreacted and partially reacted super-thermite, or nano-thermite, appear to be present in samples of the dust. The editor in chief of the publication subsequently resigned. Internet websites and videos have contributed to the growth of the movement of individuals supporting the theory that planted explosives destroyed the World Trade Center. The website of Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth cites the membership of over 2,400 architects and engineers. The controlled demolition theory often includes allegations that U.S. government insiders planned and / or participated in the destruction of the WTC in order to justify the invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan. The theory features prominently in popular entertainment type movies, such as Loose Change, as well as documentaries such as 9/11: Blueprint for Truth, by San Francisco-area architect Richard Gage. While mainstream press has a significant history of dismissing conspiracy theories (i.e., in 2006, the magazine New York reported that a "new generation of conspiracy theorists is at work on a secret history of New York's most terrible day."), the theory has been supported by a number of popular actors, musicians and politicians, including Charlie Sheen, Willie Nelson, former Governor of Minnesota Jesse Ventura, talkshow host Rosie O'Donnell, and actors Ed Asner and Daniel Sunjata. Propositions and hypotheses Main towers On September 11, the North Tower (1 WTC) was hit by American Airlines Flight 11 and the South Tower (2 WTC) was hit by United Airlines Flight 175, both Boeing 767 aircraft. The South Tower collapsed 56 minutes after the impact, and the North Tower collapsed 102 minutes after. An investigation by NIST concluded that the collapse was caused by a combination of damage to support columns and fire insulation from the aircraft impacts and the weakening of columns and floors by jet fuel ignited fires. NIST also found "no corroborating evidence for alternative hypotheses suggesting that the WTC towers were brought down by controlled demolition using explosives planted prior to September 11, 2001". Jones, among others, points to many descriptions by individuals working on the WTC rubble pile suggesting the presence of molten steel in the pile and a stream of molten metal that poured out of the South Tower before it collapsed as evidence of temperatures beyond those produced by the fire. Jones has argued that the molten metal may have been elemental iron, a product of a thermite reaction. Jones and other researchers analyzed samples of dust from the World Trade Center buildings and reported their findings for evidence of nano-thermite in the dust. Jones informed NIST of his findings and NIST responded that there was no "clear chain of custody" proving that the dust indeed came from the WTC site. Jones invited NIST to conduct its own studies with dust under custody of NIST itself, but NIST has not done so. NIST found that the condition of the steel in the wreckage of the towers does not provide conclusive information on the condition of the building before the collapse and concluded that the material coming from the South Tower was molten aluminum from the plane, which would have melted at lower temperatures than steel. NIST also pointed out that cutting through the vertical columns would require planting an enormous amount of explosives inconspicuously in highly secured buildings, then igniting it remotely while keeping it in contact with the columns. The Energetic Materials Research and Testing Center performed a test with conventional thermite and was unable to cut a vertical column, despite the column being much smaller than those used in the World Trade Center. Jones and others have responded that they do not believe that thermite was used, but rather a form of thermite called nano-thermite, a nanoenergetic material developed for military use, propellants, explosives, or pyrotechnics. Historically, explosive applications for traditional thermites have been limited by their relatively slow energy release rates. But because nano-thermites are created from reactant particles with proximities approaching the atomic scale, energy release rates are far improved. The NIST report provides an analysis of the structural response of the building only up to the point where collapse begins, and asserts that the enormous kinetic energy transferred by the falling part of the building makes progressive collapse inevitable once an initial collapse occurs. A paper by Zdeněk Bažant indicates that once collapse began, the kinetic energy imparted by a falling upper section onto the floor below was an order of magnitude greater than that which the lower section could support. Engineers who have investigated the collapses generally agree that controlled demolition is not required to understand the structural response of the buildings. While the top of one of the towers did tilt significantly, it could not ultimately have fallen into the street, they argue, because any such tilting would place sufficient stress on the lower story (acting as a pivot) that it would collapse long before the top had sufficiently shifted its center of gravity. Indeed, they argue, there is very little difference between progressive collapse with or without explosives in terms of the resistance that the structures could provide after collapse began. Controlled demolition of a building to code requires weeks of preparation, including laying large quantities of explosive and cutting through beams, which would have rendered the building highly dangerous and which would have to be done without attracting the attention of the thousands of people who worked in the building. Controlled demolition is traditionally done from the bottom of buildings rather than the top, although there are exceptions depending on structural design. There is little dispute that the collapse started high up at the point where the aircraft struck. Furthermore, any explosives would have to withstand the impact of the airliners. Members of the group Scholars for 9/11 Truth have collected eyewitness accounts of flashes and loud explosions immediately before the fall. Eyewitnesses have repeatedly reported of explosions happening before the collapse of the WTC towers, and the organization "International Center for 9/11 Studies" has published videos obtained from NIST, together with indications about when such explosions could be heard. There are many types of loud sharp noises that are not caused by explosives, and seismographic records of the collapse do not show evidence of explosions. Jones and others have argued that horizontal puffs of smoke seen during the collapse of the towers would indicate that the towers had been brought down by controlled explosions. NIST attributes these puffs to air pressure, created by the decreasing volume of the falling building above, traveling down elevator shafts and exiting from the open elevator shaft doors on lower levels. In September 2011 Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who holds a PhD in Transportation Engineering and Planning, said that it would have been impossible for two jetliners to bring down the towers simply by hitting them and that some kind of planned explosion must have taken place. Al-Qaida sharply criticized Ahmadinejad in their English-language publication, Inspire, calling his assertions "a ridiculous belief that stands in the face of all logic and evidence". 7 World Trade Center Proponents of World Trade Center controlled demolition theories allege that 7 World Trade Center—a 47-story skyscraper that stood across Vesey Street north of the main part of the World Trade Center site—was intentionally destroyed with explosives. Unlike the Twin Towers, 7 World Trade Center was not hit by a plane, although it was hit by debris from the Twin Towers and was damaged by fires which burned for seven hours, until it collapsed completely at about 5:20 p.m. on the evening of September 11 (a new building has been erected on the site of the old and opened in May 2006). Several videos of the collapse event exist in the public domain, thus enabling comparative analysis from different angles of perspective. Proponents typically say the collapse of 7 World Trade Center was not mentioned in the 9/11 Commission Report and that the federal body charged with investigating the event, NIST, required seven years to conduct its investigation and issue a report. In November 2010, Fox News reporter Geraldo Rivera hosted members of a television ad campaign called "BuildingWhat?", a series of commercials in which 9/11 family members ask questions about 7 World Trade Center and call for an investigation into its collapse. Rivera called the television ads "not so easy to dismiss as those demonstrators were," and stated that, "If explosives were involved, that would mean the most obnoxious protesters in recent years ... were right." Days later, Rivera appeared on the program Freedom Watch with legal analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano on the Fox Business Network to discuss the BuildingWhat? TV ad campaign. Napolitano stated, "It's hard for me to believe that [7 World Trade Center] came down by itself. I was gratified to see Geraldo Rivera investigating it." Some proponents of World Trade Center controlled demolition theories suggest that 7 WTC was demolished because it may have served as an operational center for the demolition of the Twin Towers, while others suggest that government insiders may have wanted to destroy key files held in the building pertaining to corporate fraud. The WTC buildings housed dozens of federal, state and local government agencies. According to a statement reported by the BBC, Loose Change film producer Dylan Avery thinks the destruction of the building was suspicious because it housed some unusual tenants, including a clandestine CIA office on the 25th floor, an outpost of the U.S. Secret Service, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and New York City's emergency command center. The former chief counter-terrorism adviser to the President, Richard Clarke, does not think that 7 WTC is mysterious, and said that anyone could have rented floor space in the building. At the time, no steel frame high rise had ever before collapsed because of a fire, although there had been previous cases of collapses or partial collapses of smaller steel buildings due to fire. However, the ability of such a building to be completely destroyed by fire would be demonstrated by the collapse of the Plasco Building in Tehran in 2017 and the Wilton Paes de Almeida Building in São Paulo, Brazil, the following year. In addition, NIST claims debris ejected during the collapse of 1 WTC caused significant structural damage in 7 WTC before the fire. BBC News reported the collapse of 7 WTC twenty minutes before it actually fell. The BBC has stated that many news sources were reporting the imminent collapse of 7 WTC on the day of the attacks. Jane Standley, the reporter who announced the collapse prematurely, called it a "very small and very honest mistake" caused by her thinking on her feet after being confronted with a report she had no way of checking. In the PBS documentary America Rebuilds, which aired in September 2002, Larry Silverstein, the owner of 7 WTC and leaseholder and insurance policy holder for the remainder of the WTC complex, recalled a discussion with the fire department in which doubts about containing the fires were expressed. Silverstein recalled saying, "We've had such terrible loss of life, maybe the smartest thing to do is pull it". "They made that decision to pull", he recalled, "and we watched the building collapse." Silverstein issued a statement that it was the firefighting team, not the building, that was to be pulled, contradicting theorists' allegation that "pull" was used in a demolition-related sense. NIST report In 2002, the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) began a general investigation into the collapse of the World Trade Center but soon made a decision to focus first on the collapse of the Twin Towers. A draft version of its final report on the collapse of 7 WTC was released in August 2008. The agency has blamed the slowness of this investigation on the complexity of the computer model it used, which simulated the collapse from the moment it begins all the way to the ground; and NIST says the time taken on the investigation into 7 WTC is comparable to the time taken to investigate an aircraft crash. The agency also says another 80 boxes of documents related to 7 WTC were found and had to be analyzed. These delays fueled suspicion among those already questioning the validity of the September 11 attacks that the agency was struggling to come up with a plausible conclusion. NIST released its final report on the collapse of 7 World Trade Center on November 20, 2008. Investigators used videos, photographs and building design documents to come to their conclusions. The investigation could not include physical evidence as the materials from the building lacked characteristics allowing them to be positively identified and were therefore disposed of prior to the initiation of the investigation. The report concluded that the building's collapse was due to the effects of the fires which burned for almost seven hours. The fatal blow to the building came when the 13th floor collapsed, weakening a critical steel support column that led to catastrophic failure, and extreme heat caused some steel beams to lose strength, causing further failures throughout the buildings until the entire structure succumbed. Also cited as a factor was the collapse of the nearby towers, which broke the city water main, leaving the sprinkler system in the bottom half of the building without water. NIST considered the possibility that 7 WTC was brought down with explosives and concluded that a blast event did not occur, that the "use of thermite [...] to sever columns in 7 WTC on 9/11/01 was unlikely". The investigation cited as evidence the claim that no blast was audible on recordings of the collapse and that no blast was reported by witnesses, stating that it would have been audible at a level of 130-140 decibels at a distance of half a mile. Demolition proponents say eyewitnesses repeatedly reported explosions happening before the collapse of the towers, and have published videos obtained from NIST, together with indications about when such explosions could be heard in support of the sounds of explosions before collapse. NIST also concluded that it is unlikely that the quantities of thermite needed could have been carried into the building undetected. Demolition advocates have responded that they do not claim that thermite was used, but rather that nano-thermite, far more powerful than thermite, was used. Finally, the NIST investigated and ruled out the theory that fires from the large amount of diesel fuel stored in the building caused the collapse. UAF Study University of Alaska Fairbanks (UAF) Professor of Civil Engineering J. Leroy Hulsey subsequently led a 4-year (2015-2019) investigation funded by Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth titled "A Structural Reevaluation of the Collapse of World Trade Center 7", taking advantage of the improvement in computing resources since NIST's study. The UAF provides a 256 GB downloadable file that contains "All input data, results data, and simulations that were used or generated during this study." Hulsey's group concluded in their final report: Criticism The American Society of Civil Engineers Structural Engineering Institute issued a statement calling for further discussion of NIST's recommendations, and Britain's Institution of Structural Engineers published a statement in May 2002 welcoming the FEMA report, noting that the report expressed similar views to those held by its group of professionals. Following the publication of Jones' paper "Why Indeed Did the WTC Buildings Completely Collapse?" Brigham Young University responded to Jones' "increasingly speculative and accusatory" statements by placing him on paid leave, and thereby stripping him of two classes, in September 2006, pending a review of his statements and research. Six weeks later, Jones retired from the university. The structural engineering faculty at the university issued a statement which said that they "do not support the hypotheses of Professor Jones". On September 22, 2005, Jones gave a seminar on his hypotheses to a group of his colleagues from the Department of Physics and Astronomy at BYU. According to Jones, all but one of his colleagues agreed after the seminar that an investigation was in order and the lone dissenter came to agreement with Jones' suggestions the next day. Northwestern University Professor of Civil Engineering Zdeněk Bažant, who was the first to offer a published peer-reviewed theory of the collapses, wrote "a few outsiders claiming a conspiracy with planted explosives" as an exception. Bažant and Verdure trace such "strange ideas" to a "mistaken impression" that safety margins in design would make the collapses impossible. One of the effects of a more detailed modeling of the progressive collapse, they say, could be to "dispel the myth of planted explosives". Indeed, Bažant and Verdure have proposed examining data from controlled demolitions in order to better model the progressive collapse of the towers, suggesting that progressive collapse and controlled demolition are not two separate modes of failure (as the controlled-demolition conspiracy theory assumes). Thomas Eagar, a professor of materials science and engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, also dismissed the controlled-demolition conspiracy theory. Eagar remarked, "These people (in the 9/11 truth movement) use the 'reverse scientific method.' They determine what happened, throw out all the data that doesn't fit their conclusion, and then hail their findings as the only possible conclusion." Regarding Jones' theory that nanothermite was used to bring down the towers, and the assertion that thermite and nanothermite composites were found in the dust and debris were found following the collapse of the three buildings, which was concluded to be proof that explosives brought down the buildings, Brent Blanchard, author of "A History of Explosive Demolition in America", states that questions about the viability of Jones' theories remain unanswered, such as the fact that no demolition personnel noticed any telltale signs of thermite during the eight months of debris removal following the towers' collapse. Blanchard also stated that a verifiable chain of possession needs to be established for the tested beams, which did not occur with the beams Jones tested, raising questions of whether the metal pieces tested could have been cut away from the debris pile with acetylene torches, shears, or other potentially contaminated equipment while on site, or exposed to trace amounts of thermite or other compounds while being handled, while in storage, or while being transferred from Ground Zero to memorial sites. Dave Thomas of Skeptical Inquirer magazine, noting that the residue in question was claimed to be thermitic because of its iron oxide and aluminum composition, pointed out that these substances are found in many items common to the towers. Thomas stated that in order to cut through a vertical steel beam, special high-temperature containment must be added to prevent the molten iron from dropping down, and that the thermite reaction is too slow for it to be practically used in building demolition. Thomas pointed out that when Jesse Ventura hired New Mexico Tech to conduct a demonstration showing nanothermite slicing through a large steel beam, the nanothermite produced copious flame and smoke but no damage to the beam, even though it was in a horizontal, and therefore optimal position. Preparing a building for a controlled demolition takes considerable time and effort. The tower walls would have had to be opened on dozens of floors. Thousands of pounds of explosives, fuses and ignition mechanisms would need to be sneaked past security and placed in the towers without the tens of thousands of people working in the World Trade Center noticing. Referring to a conversation with Stuart Vyse, a professor of psychology, an article in the Hartford Advocate asks, "How many hundreds of people would you need to acquire the explosives, plant them in the buildings, arrange for the airplanes to crash [...] and, perhaps most implausibly of all, never breathe a single word of this conspiracy?" World Trade Center developer Larry Silverstein said, "Hopefully this thorough report puts to rest the various 9/11 conspiracy theories, which dishonor the men and women who lost their lives on that terrible day." Upon presentation of the NIST's detailed report on the failure of Bldg. 7, Richard Gage, leader of the group Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth said, "How much longer do we have to endure the coverup of how Building 7 was destroyed?" in which Dr. S. Shyam Sunder, the lead NIST investigator said he could not explain why the skepticism would not die. "I am really not a psychologist," he said. "Our job was to come up with the best science." James Quintiere, professor of fire protection engineering at the University of Maryland, who does not believe explosives brought down the towers, questioned how the agency came to its conclusions, remarking, "They don't have the expertise on explosives," though he adds that NIST wasted time employing outside experts to consider it. See also 9/11 conspiracy theories 9/11 Truth movement Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth References External links FEMA World Trade Center Building Performance Study NIST and the World Trade Center 9/11 Commission Report Debunking 9/11 Conspiracy theories and Controlled Demolition Myths Journal of Debunking 9/11 Conspiracy Theories Answering the questions of Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth Journal of 9/11 Studies 9/11 conspiracy theories World Trade Center Demolition Pseudoscience
Leiden Classical was a volunteer computing project run by the Theoretical Chemistry Department of the Leiden Institute of Chemistry at Leiden University. Leiden Classical used the BOINC system, and enabled scientists or science students to submit their own test simulations of various molecules and atoms in a classical mechanics environment. ClassicalDynamics is a program (and with it a library) completely written in C++. The library is covered by the LGPL license and the main program is covered by the GPL. The project shut down on June 5, 2018. Joining the project Participation was possible via the BOINC manager. Using this software one was once able to create an account in the project. Then someone can make a model of a dynamic system and simulation participating run. There are several models possible, to interactions between molecules or planets. User Submitted Calculations To create a personal calculation, a user's model had to have six defined variables: Colors of the molecules Box in which the model is run Number of particles in the simulation Interaction between the particles Gravity Coulomb force Lennard-Jones interaction Morse interaction Rydberg interaction Harmonic spirit Harmonic bending Recurrent torsion interactions Distance conditions Confirmation parameter(s) See also List of volunteer computing projects References External links Leiden Classical website archive Leiden Classical forum archive Science in society Free science software Volunteer computing projects
PhyreEngine is a license-only free to use game engine from Sony Interactive Entertainment, compatible with PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, PlayStation VR, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo Switch, Microsoft Windows (for OpenGL and DirectX 11), Google Android and Apple iOS. PhyreEngine has been adopted by several game studios and has been used in over 200 published titles. Features PhyreEngine is exclusively distributed to Sony licensees as an installable package that includes both full source code and Microsoft Windows tools, provided under its own flexible use license that allows any PlayStation 3 game developer, publisher or tools and middleware company to create software based partly or fully on PhyreEngine on any platform. The engine uses sophisticated parallel processing techniques that are optimized for the Synergistic Processor Unit (SPU) of the Cell Broadband Engine of PS3, but can be easily ported to other multi-core architectures. PhyreEngine supports OpenGL and Direct3D, in addition to the low level PS3 LibGCM library. It provides fully functional “game templates” as source code, including support for Havok Complete XS, NVIDIA PhysX and Bullet for physics. History The development of PhyreEngine was started in 2003 to create a graphics engine for PlayStation 3. The first public demonstration occurred in 2006. PhyreEngine was launched during the 2008 Game Developers Conference. New features (including deferred rendering) were showcased during GDC 2009. Version 2.40, released in March 2009, included a new “foliage rendering” system that provides tools and technology to render ultra-realistic trees and plants to be easily integrated into games. Version 3.0, released in 2011, has a new and powerful asset pipeline, combining enhanced versions of the already robust exporters, with a powerful processing tool to generate optimized assets for each platform. Also new is the rewritten level editor, which permits a far more data-driven approach to authoring games using PhyreEngine. Version 3.0 added support for the PlayStation Vita. Derived game engines EGO Silk Engine Notes References External links 2008 software Freeware game engines PlayStation 3 PlayStation 3 games Cell BE architecture
The All Hope Is Gone World Tour was a concert tour by Slipknot that took place in 2008 and 2009 in support of the group's fourth studio album All Hope Is Gone. The tour consisted of nine legs and took place in the United States, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe. The tour started with the Mayhem Festival 2008. Lawrence Upton acted as the tour's director, Philippe Vachon acted as the tour's programmer and lighting co-director, and Dave Watson as lighting designer. Equipment such as LED units and Martin Atomic 3000 Strobes were used on the rig, and instead of a media server, the GrandMA mixing console was used for MA Lighting. David "Shirt" Nicholls was positioned as audio mixer, working with the digital mixing console. Slipknot headlined every performance throughout the tour, sometimes sharing headlining status at festival appearances. Supporting acts throughout the tour included Disturbed, DragonForce, Mastodon, Machine Head, Children of Bodom, Coheed and Cambria, Trivium, 3 Inches of Blood, DevilDriver, The Black Dahlia Murder, and Sydonia. The tour consisted of nine legs and 153 shows, beginning on July 9, 2008, and finishing on October 31, 2009. This was also Slipknot's last tour to feature their full original lineup with bassist Paul Gray before his death on May 24, 2010. Turntablist Sid Wilson broke both of his heels after jumping from an elevated area of a stage and landing incorrectly. He performed all dates of the tour, in a wheelchair. Drummer Joey Jordison sustained a broken ankle, causing four concerts to be cancelled. Towards the end of the leg Fehn left the tour due to a death in his family, forcing him to miss the final two dates of the leg in Spain. Shawn Crahan left the Canadian part of the tour to return home to his family. Background In early February 2008, Mick Thomson confirmed that Slipknot would be performing at the 2008 Mayhem Festival. Corey Taylor said: "This summer we are truly bringing Mayhem. Slipknot is excited to be a part of it, and to be able to bring the new chapter of our history to the masses. We are already working, building and designing a new show." The tour acted as a follow-up to The Subliminal Verses World Tour, which took place in 2004 to promote their third studio album Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses). The band began recording their fourth studio album All Hope Is Gone in late February 2008. Lighting Lawrence Upton acted as the tour's director, and Philippe Vachon acted as the tour's programmer and lighting co-director. Vachon said Upton wanted "very aggressive lighting that would attack and have punch", because Slipknot's music was very aggressive. Up-stage provided the gear package, which included 10 Martin Professional MAC Profiles and 54 Martin Mac 2000 Wash units. Assistant lighting designer Dave Watson explained that the Martin Professional MAC Profiles were used as "key lights", while Martin Mac 2000 Wash units generated higher light output. Issues arose during the tour, specifically times when members were barely visible due to the lighting. Vachon said, "There is so much show in your face that we would lose the guys on stage; we had to beef up the front-of-house [with] white." The rig consisted of a Front of House truss, two three-quarter angled trusses, and two straight mid-stage trusses. These were all located up-stage, and had two sub-hung trusses directly below them. There were two Lycian Starklite medium-throw truss spots, and an accumulation of specialty lights. The specialty lights included 54 two-light Molefays, six PAR 36 rotating beacons, 24 Martin Atomic 300 Strobes, 2 six-light Molefays, and 10 four-light Molefays. The rig also had LED units, which can be very bright, and which shone into the audience. Throughout the tour, 65 Philips Color Kinetics ColorBlast 12s, seven Color Blaze 48s, and twelve CK ColorBlaze 72s were used to light up the wall behind the band. Instead of a media server, the GrandMA console was used for MA Lighting. Vachon explained that the GrandMA console was "the desk you can do the most with LEDs; if you want to go further, you need a media serverCTB." The assistant lighting designer used a full-sized GrandMA console. Two NSPs provided the necessary extra channels. The show's color palette was somewhat restricted. There was mostly white lights, but Upton used lighter colors to get the most light output. The original palette was also based on colors like amber, steel blue, sea green, and orange. Late in the tour Vachon would add additional bursts of color, which included intense oranges, reds, and violets. Sound production David "Shirt" Nicholls was the audio mixer, using a Digidesign Venue with both the Eventide Anthology Pack, which provided sound effects, and Venue Pro Pack, which was a complete digital mixing console. Nicholls has expressed his admiration for the Venue Pro Pack and also explained that the A-T 4050 microphones which he used on the tour took a battering during shows. Nicholls has called the T6100 vocal microphones he used "bulletproof" as they would occasionally "go flying up into the seats" during shows but would still work the next show. The Meyer P.A., which accumulates 16 MILO seat boxes, nine Nexo CD-18 subwoofers, and six flown HP700s on the ground per side, was provided by Thunder Audio. The system was controlled by Meyer Sound Galileo. The side-hang featured 10 MICA boxes per side, with four UPJs for front-fills. Ron Hurd, the tour's monitor engineer, mixed the show using a Yamaha PM5D console. Hurd said, "I'm not using any plug-ins or rack gear except for an [Apogee] Big Ben word clock. Six of the nine guys are on ears: Ultimate Ears with Sennheiser G2s." Mayhem Festival Slipknot began touring at the first ever Mayhem Festival, a music festival founded by Kevin Lyman and John Reese. During the opening date of the Mayhem Festival 2008 on July 9 at Auburn, Washington, turntablist Sid Wilson broke both of his heels after jumping from an elevated area of the stage and landing incorrectly. Despite the injury, he promised to perform on all dates of the tour in a wheelchair. Wilson returned to the band, in a wheelchair and with both his legs in casts, on the second date of the festival at Mountain View, California; he did, however, perform without the wheelchair at times. The second date of the Mayhem Festival in Marysville, California, on July 11 was rescheduled to July 14 due to wildfires in the area. Tour dates Critical reception Critics noted the band's energy and on-stage presence during their Mayhem Festival sets. Matt Weitz credited the band's use of the stage in Dallas, saying they were "severe in their presentation." When reviewing the show at Burgettstown, Pennsylvania, Justin Jacobs said Slipknot "[delivered] the pummeling performance the whole crowd had been waiting for", while noting that part of Slipknot's appeal was their secrecy, referring to the band's use of masks and aliases and the fact that a curtain was used to hide the stage while it was set up. Cancelled European dates At the end of the 2008 Mayhem Festival, drummer Joey Jordison broke his ankle. During an interview with Drummer, Jordison explained that the injury happened when he and a friend were "messing around and kinda wrestling with each other" one afternoon, and Jordison tripped and twisted his ankle. Despite the injury, Jordison could still walk and subsequently played the next night. However, during a lengthy double bass section of "The Blister Exists" he "felt a snap" in his ankle. A doctor confirmed he had broken his ankle and suggested surgery. Jordison continued to play with a broken ankle until the band finished the Mayhem Festival. Following the festival Jordison was told that if he continued to play, he could permanently damage his ability to walk. Subsequently, Slipknot were forced to cancel their European festival appearances due to the injury. On August 22, at Leeds Festival during the Dropkick Murphys performance, a plane flew above the open air crowd advertising tickets for Slipknot's UK dates in December. Unhappy with the fact that the band had pulled out of the festival, the crowd began to boo at the banner advert. Tour dates Japanese leg During an interview prior to the Japanese leg of the tour, percussionist Shawn Crahan discussed the difference between Japanese audiences and Western audiences. When asked whether he believed that Japanese fans are less intense, he said it is a matter of opinion for bands and when Slipknot play, "it's almost frightening how in to it they are." However, he did note that between songs can be "very awkward" because the crowd is almost silent, whereas the band is used to a more energetic reception. Tour dates Australian/New Zealand leg The Australian leg of the All Hope Is Gone World Tour was the first time Slipknot were able to bring what percussionist Shawn Crahan described as "the real set, the real deal" to an Australian audience. The band travelled with over 11 tons of equipment, including hydraulic drum risers, percussionist rigs, pyrotechnics, lighting and stage set-ups. During an interview prior to the band's first show of this leg, vocalist Corey Taylor revealed that he had sprained his thumb the day before while sky-diving; however, the injury did not prevent him from performing. Tour dates Critical reception Reviewing the band's show in Auckland, Chris Schulz wrote that vocalist Taylor's performance was "schizophrenic" and that his "unpredictable, passive-aggressive nature" was the focal point of Slipknot's live show. He also declared percussionist Crahan the "most menacing member of Slipknot", noting that in a "particularly violent" version of "Duality" he "appeared pleased to play his part in the song by violating an empty keg with a baseball bat." When reviewing the same show, Scott Kara of The New Zealand Herald compared Slipknot's performance to their appearance at the 2005 Big Day Out festival, noting that "the gruesome obscenities, the vomiting, and fights" were absent, which made for "a far tighter and more solid" performance. Kara also commented upon the connection the fans had with the show, saying that in songs like "The Heretic Anthem" Taylor "hardly needs to sing" due to the involvement of the audience. European leg The opening date of the European leg of the tour was to have been the first time in Slipknot's history that would perform in Israel, but due to "sudden personal and family conflicts" the band canceled their appearance. The band stated that they will perform in Israel in the future. The band's appearance in Moscow marked Slipknot's first performance in Russia. During an interview with Kerrang! prior to their appearances in the UK, percussionist Crahan expressed excitement for the upcoming dates, saying, "There's always been a deep love and affection between the British fans and ourselves." Machine Head did not perform in Copenhagen on November 13, due to frontman Robb Flynn's "severe throat and bronchial infection." On December 12, in Sheffield, Machine Head guitarist Phil Demmel collapsed on stage during their second to last song, forcing his band to cancel their appearances at the European leg's final two dates. Slipknot's performance in London on December 3, 2008, was recorded for MTV's World Stage series and aired on March 13, 2009, in the UK. It was also made available in over 160 countries. Tour dates Critical reception When reviewing Slipknot's show in Düsseldorf, Sebastian Huhn called Shawn Crahan's hydraulic percussion platform as a highlight of the performance. However, he also said, "Even though the tour had been named after the new album, the most part of the set consisted of tracks from the previous releases." Huhn rated Slipknot's overall performance 8 out of 10. Alistair Lawrence of Kerrang! reviewed the first of the band's three shows at the Hammersmith Apollo in London. He said, "The choreographed chaos is too multi-faceted to fully describe", and noted that Taylor's performance made songs like "Before I Forget" and "Psychosocial" sound better than on the recorded versions. Overall, Lawrence scored the show 4 out of 5. When reviewing one of the Hammersmith Apollo shows, Rick Pearson of the Evening Standard wrote that there was "a strong feeling of camaraderie" at the concert. While he admitted he did not understand the draw of the band, "Spit It Out" offered "glimpses as to what got the maggots hooked on this brutal, bludgeoning band." Adrian Osmond of Western Mail said that their show in Cardiff was "a pretty flawless, colourful and exciting piece of musical theatre", adding that on entertainment value it would "rival any of the pantomimes out there this month." US Arena leg During an interview with The Pulse of Radio, vocalist Taylor said that Slipknot would be changing their stage set around for the US arena leg. "We're getting away from the pyro. We're going way more visual this time. We're incorporating a lot of video." He explained that they always try to do something different: "We've got people still coming to see us for, you know, after ten years, and we just want to try and give something special." On the opening show of the leg, percussionist Crahan debuted a new mask which was significantly different from the one he wore while touring in 2008. During their show on January 25 in Council Bluffs, Iowa, a member of the audience collapsed from a heart attack and was later declared dead in hospital. Tour dates Critical reception News-Press & Gazette Company reviewer Shea Conner said that he could not understand why anybody would buy a seat to a Slipknot concert. Saying "the madness is part of the experience", he added that he himself was "ten feet from the stage with [his] head up and elbows, too." While championing the band as "one of the greatest bands in the world to see live", Conner wrote, "their antics and on-stage spectacle match their ability to get the crowd in a frenzy." Conner noted that due to their large line-up "a few [members] can take a song or two off to entertain the fans," citing events like percussionist Chris Fehn mocking a security guard, DJ Sid Wilson destroying a part of Fehn's drumkit, and Shawn Crahan's hydraulic drumkit with camera-operated screen as particular examples. Katjusa Cisar of The Capital Times reviewed Slipknot's show at the Alliant Energy Center, saying that despite their "satanic" reputation they put on "a pretty wholesome show." She noted that throughout their ten years together they have "honed a show of ferocious, squealing intensity; an unholy racket full of adolescent rage and goofy humor under a phalanx of moving and flashing lights." Crediting frontman Corey Taylor's ability to "[lead] his mutant army and the passionate crowd", she said the crowd kept the energy high and that "mosh pits erupted like mini-hurricanes." Canadian leg Percussionist Shawn Crahan left the tour to return home after performing on the opening date of the tour's Canadian leg. Slipknot continued the tour without him. While addressing their crowd during their May 1, 2009, concert in Toronto, Taylor explained that Crahan's absence was due to "a very terrible, terrible predicament going on in [Crahan's] family." The band later stated that Crahan's absence was due to the death of his mother. Tour dates Critical reception In his review of Slipknot's show on April 29, 2009, for the Montreal Gazette, Al Kratina said, "Their stage show is something to behold." He said, "Not only are [their] songs [...] absolutely crushing in a live setting, but the band is a fountain of bizarre, chaotic energy." Describing vocalist Corey Taylor's performance, he said, "Despite his manic energy [he] managed to keep his vocals tightly controlled, alternating between furious screaming and melodic passages". While reviewing their Toronto show on May 1, 2009, for CANOE, Jason MacNeil noted the absence of percussionist Crahan, although in noting that several other members would occasionally occupy the vacant drum kit, he added, "It didn't seem to matter much to the fans." He also said, "For the most part, Slipknot kept the energy high" and added that tracks like "Dead Memories" and "Vermilion" were the only moments "which served as breathers." Overall MacNeil rated the show 3.5 out of 5. US leg III After missing six shows due to his mother's death, percussionist Shawn Crahan returned to the tour. His first appearance since April 28, 2009, was in Oklahoma City on May 8, 2009. Tour dates Critical reception While reviewing their show on May 3, 2009, at the Van Andel Arena, Troy Reimink made a point of Crahan's absence, suggesting that while it could have seriously disrupted the tour, it seemed like "merely a bump in the road for Slipknot." Reimink said the band's 17 song setlist, featuring songs from all their albums, "demonstrated the group's skill at assembling relentlessly aggressive songs punctuated with fleeting, occasionally incongruous bits of melody." While noting that Slipknot were "not [his] thing", he described the show as "an exercise in finely calculated chaos", rating the show 2.5 out of 4. Diana Nollen of The Gazette reviewed Slipknot's show in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, describing their stage show as a "sophisticated sideshow of garish masks and growling lyrics." Nollen made a note of their on-stage antics saying that "it's rather entertaining as they lumber across the stage and climb on each other's percussion stations like baboons from hell." Citing the singles "Before I Forget" and "Psychosocial" as particular highlights of the setlist, she concluded her review by saying that the "final visual punch" of drummer Joey Jordison's kit raising, tipping and rotating above the stage was like "a demented version of an Adventureland ride." European leg II Slipknot's performance on June 13, 2009, at Download Festival was streamed live on the internet, along with various other acts performing at the festival. During an interview prior to their performance on June 20, 2009, in the Netherlands, percussionist Chris Fehn revealed that he suspected he had broken his hand. He did not say when the injury happened, but he did explain, "I lost a stick at a show and got a bit mad about it." Towards the end of the leg, Fehn left the tour due to a "tragic death in his family", which forced him to miss the final two dates in Spain. Additionally, Sid Wilson was absent from the Rock Am Ring show. Tour dates Critical reception Several reporters reviewed Slipknot's headlining slot at England's Download Festival on June 13, 2009. Greg Cochrane, writing for the BBC, championed Slipknot as "spectacular headliners", explaining: "Flame throwers, pneumatic drum kits and mass screaming, it has it all." NME said Slipknot's performance "saw the Main Stage become a scene of chaos", noting how the band members "roamed the stage randomly smashing the set up with baseball bats, throwing barrels around and hanging off [Crahan's] revolving drumkit." Christa Ktorides of Clickmusic said, "The sight of 70,000 people sitting down on command is something we won't long forget." She also described their performance as "simply ferocious." Metal Hammer reviewer Ted Bezer called it "arguably the greatest headline performance of the Download era", adding, "Slipknot absolutely destroyed 70,000 people in a way that it didn't seem was possible." He declared the performance of "Duality" the best moment at the whole festival. Canceled US dates Anthrax was initially announced as the main support band on this leg of the tour. However, due to the departure of vocalist Dan Nelson, Anthrax were forced to cancel most of their touring dates, including all dates on this tour. On September 9, 2009, Slipknot planned on commemorating the 10-year anniversary of their debut album Slipknot by hosting a one-day festival in their hometown. Slipknot were to headline the festival, which would host two stages, the second stage showcasing local bands. However, the festival was canceled shortly after it was announced, for unknown reasons. On August 22, 2009, Slipknot canceled their appearance at the KISW Pain In The Grass event due to Jordison being rushed to hospital hours before their set was scheduled to start. Despite planning to return for the following date in Kennewick, Washington, Slipknot again canceled their appearance hours before their performance. Slipknot also canceled their remaining dates on the tour due to Jordison's health, promising to reschedule the first two dates. US, Canadian leg As previously promised by the band, Slipknot rescheduled their first canceled appearances in Washington from August, allowing all previous ticket holders the opportunity to attend. Tour dates References External links Official tour website Official band website Slipknot (band) concert tours 2008 concert tours 2009 concert tours
Jack PC is a thin client device that is approximately the size of a network wall port. Its design allows for one's monitor, keyboard & mouse to plug straight into the wall-mounted unit. Jack PC operates in an SBC (Server Based Computing) environment. The Jack PC thin client computers are connected at the back side through Ethernet cables to the building's LAN and receive Power over Ethernet (or 802.3af) through the existing enterprise infrastructure. Jack PC is also notable in that it consumes very little power. Some tests have found it to consume as little as 5 W, not counting monitor and other external peripherals. See also Thin clients Chip PC External links Chip PC Technologies' Website Chip PC Thin Clients The Jack PC Thin Client HD PC+ Thin Client Remote desktop Thin clients
PlayOn is a streaming media brand and software suite that enables users to view and record videos from numerous online content providers. The suite consists of two main products: PlayOn Cloud and PlayOn Desktop. PlayOn Cloud is an online service for recording digital video streams, accessible via native iOS or Android mobile device applications. PlayOn Desktop is Windows-based software that acts as a streaming dashboard and hub on the PC. The available streaming websites are organized as channels in both products. Users browse through or search the video content found in those channels in order to record the videos for later viewing. PlayOn Desktop allows watching the videos real-time on the PC, or casting the videos to a TV via a streaming device or gaming console. The recording feature of PlayOn acts as a DVR for streaming videos, creating an MPEG-4 file which can be transferred to supported media devices. Users are then able to watch these videos without necessitating access to the Internet. The recording functionality inserts chapter marks at the locations of advertisements, allowing users to automatically skip commercials when watching via a native companion applications, directly in the PlayOn Desktop player on a PC, or via a variety of other DLNA-compliant media devices. Software PlayOn Cloud In August 2016, MediaMall launched PlayOn Cloud, a cloud-based DVR for streaming video, accessed and controlled from mobile apps available in the iOS App Store and Google Play. The PlayOn Cloud service starts a virtual machine in the cloud on behalf of the user. PlayOn Cloud charges users to initiate online recordings, through purchasing "credits" within the app. Videos are recorded in real-time, and once complete, can be downloaded directly to the app or to a PC, for later viewing. PlayOn Cloud allows users to subscribe to an optional paid storage service, so that recordings can be stored indefinitely in the cloud. In March 2020, PlayOn.TV Australia was launched to provide the PlayOn Cloud app with region-specific features for the Australian audience. PlayOn Desktop In August 2008, MediaMall launched PlayOn Desktop, a Windows-based consumer software product. It acts as a digital media server to streaming devices, game consoles, televisions, and set-top boxes to watch Internet-based videos from online content providers such as Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video. PlayOn Desktop uses the technology standard Universal Plug and Play (UPnP), as defined by the Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA), to communicate with networked gaming consoles like the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and other Internet ready DLNA enabled devices. It uses HTTP Streaming to communicate with devices such as Roku, Chromecast, iPad, iPhone, Android, Wii, and Wii U, working both as an Internet browser to access online media and as a UPnP media server to serve videos to compliant devices. PlayOn Desktop includes native companion applications for iOS, Android, Chromecast, and Roku. The software also organizes local media from the PC into a Media Library dashboard, which can be streamed or cast to viewing devices. In September 2021, PlayOn effectively stopped supporting PlayOn Desktop in lieu of a rebranded desktop application titled PlayOn Home. General consensus on support forums indicate this was a move by MediaMall to void it's lifetime memberships and move all desktop customers to a new subscription model to increase revenue. MyMedia MyMedia was a free media server software application that allowed users to stream personal media from their PC to various media devices. It was released on May 22, 2013. It was retired in September 2015. The MyMedia brand is still available as a channel on Roku devices. It allows users to stream personal media to their Rokus from the PlayOn Media Library. Users can stream or cast music, photos, and home videos or local video files to their Roku. PlayLater PlayLater was released September 2011, as a digital video recorder (DVR) for online videos. PlayLater recorded streaming content from numerous popular online streaming sites. Videos recorded by PlayLater could then be accessed and watched without the need for an Internet connection. PlayLater was rolled into PlayOn Desktop in September 2015, and is no longer available as a stand-alone software product. Supported devices PlayOn Cloud is available as a native application on iOS and Android. Videos recorded with PlayOn Cloud, once downloaded from the cloud service, can be viewed directly in the given mobile application. Similarly, recordings can be downloaded and viewed on the user's PC, or on home-networked devices, using any media streaming software. Videos recorded with PlayOn Desktop can be viewed via a device that supports the technology standard Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) as defined by the Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA). DLNA devices use the home network to connect to the PC with PlayOn Desktop installed. The device is then able to interact with PlayOn Desktop and lets users view streaming content on that system. There are native PlayOn Desktop applications for Roku, iOS, and Android. Content PlayOn Desktop and PlayOn Cloud support a number of online content providers, including Netflix, Hulu, Disney+ and Amazon Prime Video. Many of the channels require an active subscription to access. PlayOn Desktop provides access to more channels than PlayOn Cloud. References External links PlayOn Media servers Digital television IOS software Android (operating system) software Privately held companies based in New York (state)
An image pipeline or video pipeline is the set of components commonly used between an image source (such as a camera, a scanner, or the rendering engine in a computer game), and an image renderer (such as a television set, a computer screen, a computer printer or cinema screen), or for performing any intermediate digital image processing consisting of two or more separate processing blocks. An image/video pipeline may be implemented as computer software, in a digital signal processor, on an FPGA, or as fixed-function ASIC. In addition, analog circuits can be used to do many of the same functions. Typical components include image sensor corrections (including debayering or applying a Bayer filter), noise reduction, image scaling, gamma correction, image enhancement, colorspace conversion (between formats such as RGB, YUV or YCbCr), chroma subsampling, framerate conversion, image compression/video compression (such as JPEG), and computer data storage/data transmission. Typical goals of an imaging pipeline may be perceptually pleasing end-results, colorimetric precision, a high degree of flexibility, low cost/low CPU utilization/long battery life, or reduction in bandwidth/file size. Some functions may be algorithmically linear. Mathematically, those elements can be connected in any order without changing the end-result. As digital computers use a finite approximation to numerical computing, this is in practice not true. Other elements may be non-linear or time-variant. For both cases, there is often one or a few sequences of components that makes sense for optimum precision and minimum hardware-cost/CPU-load. See also Image processing References Image processing
Landstar System, Inc. is a transportation services company specializing in logistics and more specifically third-party logistics. Landstar also utilizes an extensive network of more than 11,000 independent owner operators, referred to internally as BCO's (business capacity owners). Landstar provides services principally throughout the United States and to a lesser extent in Canada and between the U.S. and Canada, Mexico and other countries around the world. History The company headquarters are in Jacksonville, Florida. Landstar has been in business since 1968 and was incorporated in 1991. In January 2014, Landstar sold its National Logistics Management (NLM) subsidiary to XPO Logistics for $87m. Using proprietary web-based software to provide management services for customers and carriers, NLM became the largest web-based expediter in North America. In January 2017, Landstar opened its Landstar U.S./Mexico Logistics Service Center in Laredo, Texas. Business model Landstar includes over 10,000 owner-operators in the United States, Canada and Mexico. The BCO's (Business Capacity Operators) are not forced to dispatch like traditional trucking companies. Rather, they can choose their own loads. Landstar has agents in the United States and Canada. Landstar currently offers scholarships and has a nonprofit "benevolence fund" to assist Landstar operators. References External links Logistics companies of the United States Companies in the Dow Jones Transportation Average Transport companies established in 1968 Companies based in Jacksonville, Florida Trucking companies of the United States Companies listed on the Nasdaq Transportation companies based in Florida Publicly traded companies based in Jacksonville, Florida Multinational companies based in Jacksonville
File Commander is a text mode orthodox file manager for Microsoft Windows, OS/2 and Linux operating systems created and maintained by Brian Havard. It is an enhanced clone of Norton Commander, originally developed for OS/2 but ported to Microsoft Windows in 1997 and to Linux in 2011. Development started in 1993, which makes File Commander one of the oldest surviving text interface file managers (younger than DOS Navigator and Volkov Commander, but older than FAR Manager). Functionality has been greatly extended with features such as support for regular expressions in file selection, a powerful editor with undo/redo capabilities, network awareness, etc. In 1998 the OS/2 version was selected as "The Best Disk/File Utility for OS/2" by the independent OS/2 e-Zine magazine. Although stable releases are infrequent, the program is continuously updated, and current betas are available on the File Commander Development page. The latest version 2.50 beta is also available for various UNIX operating systems including Linux, FreeBSD and OpenSolaris. File Commander can also run in DOS with the help of HX DOS Extender. See also Comparison of file managers External links The Orthodox File Manager (OFM) Paradigm, description of File Commander OS/2 e-Zine 1998 Reader's choice for Disk / File Utilities References Utilities for Windows Utilities for Linux OS/2 software Orthodox file managers Shareware DOS software
The Kraken botnet is a network hacking spyware program that attacks Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh systems through email and World Wide Web sites such as social networking sites. It was the world's largest botnet Researchers say that Kraken infected machines in at least 50 of the Fortune 500 companies and grew to over 400,000 bots. It was estimated to send 9 billion spam messages per day. Kraken botnet malware may have been designed to evade anti-virus software, and employed techniques to stymie conventional anti-virus software. See also Computer worm Internet bot References External links Fisher, Dennis, Kraken botnet balloons to dangerous levels , SearchSecurity.com, Apr. 7, 2008, retrieved 2008-04-07 Orion, Egan, There's a new botnet worm on the loose: Kraken seeks to sink the Fortune 500, The Inquirer, April 7, 2008, retrieved 2008-04-07 Neri, Kraken Botnet, la Botnet mas grande del Mundo, retrieved 2008-04-07, en español. Pierce, Cody, Amini, Pedram, Kraken Botnet Infiltration, 2008-04-28, retrieved 2008-04-28 Internet security Distributed computing projects Spamming Botnets
Merise () is a general-purpose modeling methodology in the field of information systems development, software engineering and project management. First introduced in the early 1980s, it was widely used in France, and was developed and refined to the point where most large French governmental, commercial and industrial organizations had adopted it as their standard methodology. Merise proceeds to separate treatment of data and processes, where the data-oriented view is modelled in three stages, from conceptual, logical through to physical. Similarly, the process-oriented view passes through the three stages of conceptual, organizational and operational. These stages in the modelling process are paralleled by the stages of the life cycle: strategic planning, preliminary study, detailed study, development, implementation and maintenance. It is a method of analysis based on the entity-relationship model. By using Merise, you can design tables with relations to make a relational database. See also SSADM UML Entity-relationship model References D. Avison, "MERISE: A European Methodology for Developing Information Systems", European Journal of Information Systems, Jan. 1991, p. 183‑191 Quang, P.T., Chartier-Kastler, C. (1991), Merise in Practice, translated by D. E. and M. A. Avison Macmillan, Basingstoke, . René Coletti, Arnold Rochfeld, Hubert Tardieu, La methode MERISE: Principes et outils (Paperback - 1983) Frédéric LE, Yves Tabourier, Hubert Tardieu, Actes de la 3ème conférence «Comparative Review of Information System design methodologies - International federation for Information Processing» (CRIS-IFIP, Working Group 8.1), Amsterdam (Hollande), 1986 Cha Ni Wong, La Fortuna: Prinsipyo ug Teorya Jeralgene S. Macabinta: Study of Information Systems, 2008 Software development process
Azi Paybarah is a New York-based journalist who focuses on local politics. He worked as a reporter for the New York Press, the Queens Tribune and the New York Sun. In February 2011, Paybarah returned to The New York Observer which he had left a few months earlier, where he wrote for the daily blog, The Politicker. In September 2011 he joined the online news publication Capital as senior writer. Paybarah also hosts a political blog on the website of the local NPR station, WNYC. Career At times Paybarah will inform political colleagues or rivals of a controversial statement another politician has made to provoke a reaction. An example of this was when he informed others of congressional candidate David Weprin's statements in an interview for Vosizneias, one of the largest Orthodox Jewish websites in the United States, regarding the marriage equality law which allows gay and lesbian marriages in New York State. In May 2009, Paybarah made headlines for being called "a disgrace" by New York mayor Michael Bloomberg for asking about the mayor's rationale for running for a third term. Though later in his campaign, Bloomberg described Paybarah as "brilliant", according to The New York Times. In September 2010, he was named one of City Hall's "40 under 40" for being a young influential member of New York City politics. References External links WNYC Blog The New York Sun Author archive. New York's Boss Hog-Worthy Scam The Quietest Campaign of All New Rules For Smelly Pepsi Site University at Albany, SUNY alumni Year of birth missing (living people) Living people American bloggers The New York Observer people New York Press people The New York Sun people Place of birth missing (living people) American people of Iranian descent University of Michigan fellows
LOOK is a hard disk scheduling algorithm used to determine the order in which new disk read and write requests are processed. Description The LOOK algorithm, similar to the SCAN algorithm, honors requests on both sweep directions of the disk head, however, it additionally "looks" ahead to see if there are any requests pending in the direction of head movement. If no requests are pending in the direction of head movement, then the disk head traversal will be reversed to the opposite direction and requests on the other direction can be served. In LOOK scheduling, the arm goes only as far as final requests in each direction and then reverses direction without going all the way to the end. Consider an example, Given a disk with 200 cylinders (0-199), suppose we have 8 pending requests: 98, 183, 37, 122, 14, 124, 65, 67 and that the read/write head is currently at cylinder 53. In order to complete these requests, the arm will move in the increasing order first and then will move in decreasing order after reaching the end. So, the order in which it will execute is 65, 67, 98, 122, 124, 183, 37, 14. LOOK avoids the starvation problem of shortest seek time first (SSTF). This is because LOOK is biased against the area recently traversed, and favors tracks clustered at the outermost and innermost edges of the platter. LOOK is also biased towards more recently arriving jobs (on average). Variants C-LOOK One variant of LOOK is circular LOOK (C-LOOK). It is an effort to remove the bias in LOOK for track clusters at the edges of the platter. C-LOOK basically only scans in one direction. Either you sweep from the inside out, or the outside in. When you reach the end, you just swing the head all the way back to the beginning. This actually takes advantage of the fact that many drives can move the read/write head at high speeds if it's moving across a large number of tracks (e.g. the seek time from the last track to track 0 is smaller than one would expect and usually considerably less than the time it would take to seek there one track at a time). The huge jump from one end request to the other is not considered as a head movement as the cylinders are treated as a circular list. N-LOOK and F-LOOK N and F LOOK were designed to offset LOOK’s bias towards recent jobs. Both algorithms partition the request queue into smaller sub queues and process the sub queues in order (oldest first). N-LOOK is so-called because the request queue is divided into N sub queues. F-LOOK is a simplification where there are only 2 queues, but they are used in a double-buffered fashion. While F-LOOK is processing one queue, all new requests go into the other one. To explain these algorithms we’re going to use the example of a disk with 200 tracks, and the read/write head starts at track 100. The request queue, in order, contains requests for tracks: 55, 58, 18, 90, 160, 38, we assume that the request queue is split into two, with the oldest one containing the requests for tracks: 55, 58, 18, 90. In this instance, N-LOOK and F-LOOK behave the same. Also notice, that in this configuration, it doesn’t matter which direction the head was moving in, all requested tracks are less than 100 so it will only move in the direction of decreasing tracks. Even through the average number of tracks traversed is the same as LOOK in the worst case, N and F LOOK are in some sense, more fair than plain old LOOK. The sub queue system caps the maximum latency a process can expect between a request and it being serviced (unlike SSTF that can starve processes for arbitrary lengths of time). S-LOOK The shortest LOOK (S-LOOK) algorithm is an extension of the LOOK algorithm to handle the cases where the disk head is located between the far-end requests. The algorithm is designed to make a decision of which direction should be served first instead of only continuing to seek in the same direction before the new requests have arrived. Since the seek time is directly proportional to the seek distance, our goal is to minimize the seek distance, and hence, reduce the seek time. Performance LOOK has slightly better average seek times than SCAN. C-LOOK has a slightly lower variance in seek time than LOOK since the worst case seek time is nearly cut in half. See also SCAN - Elevator algorithm FSCAN N-Step-SCAN References Disk scheduling algorithms
Check Point Integrity is an endpoint security software product developed by Check Point Software Technologies. It is designed to protect personal computers and the networks they connect to from computer worms, Trojan horses, spyware, and intrusion attempts by hackers. The software aims to stop new PC threats and attacks before signature updates have been installed on the PC. The software includes. network access controls that detect and remedy security policy violations before a PC is allowed to connect to a network; application controls that block or terminate malicious software programs before they can transmit information to an unauthorized party; a personal firewall; an intrusion prevention system (IPS) Check Point Intrusion Prevention System – IPS; spyware detection and removal; and instant messaging security tools. An administrator manages the security policies that apply to groups of users from a central console and server. Check Point acquired the Integrity software as part of its acquisition of endpoint security start-up Zone Labs in 2004. The Integrity software, released in early 2002, was derived from the ZoneAlarm security technology and added central policy management and network access control functions. Integrity was integrated with network gateways (the Cisco VPN 3000 series) to ensure that a PC met security requirements before it was granted access to the network. Demand for endpoint security grew in 2003 after the SQL Slammer and Blaster computer worms reportedly caused extensive damage, despite widespread use of antivirus software on personal computers. A number of destructive worms that followed, and the subsequent rise of spyware as a significant problem, continued to increase demand for endpoint security products. Data privacy and integrity regulations and required security audits mandated by governmental and professional authorities, along with infections and damage caused by guest PC access, have also prompted use of such security software. Competitors include Symantec/Sygate, Cisco Security Agent, McAfee Entercept, and even point products like Determina's Memory Firewall. External links Check Point Software Technologies website page on Check Point Integrity (aka Check Point Endpoint Security) InfoWorld review of Check Point Integrity Techweb story on Check Point Integrity Firewall software
The Sansa Fuze is a portable media player developed by SanDisk and released on March 8, 2008. The Fuze is available in three different Flash memory capacities: 2 GB, 4 GB, and 8 GB and comes in six different colors: black, blue, pink, red, silver, and white. Storage is expandable via a microSDHC slot with capacity up to 32 GB, and unofficially to 64 GB or more via FAT32 formatted SDXC cards. All models have a 1.9 inch TFT LCD display with a resolution of 220 by 176 pixels and a built-in monaural microphone and FM tuner; recordings of the latter two are saved as PCM WAV files. Media support The Fuze supports MP3, WMA, PCM WAV, and, since the 1.01.15 firmware revision, OGG Vorbis and FLAC audio codecs. The Fuze can display both pictures and videos, both of which must first be converted with the Sansa Media Converter software for Windows; this program converts images to BMP format and videos to DivX-AVI, with specific parameters that make the media compatible with the device. Alternatively, the open-source, platform-independent Video4Fuze application can be used. Video4Fuze offers more options and the ability to save the file to a computer instead of having the device plugged in every time one wants to convert a file. The Sansa Fuze supports media playlist types of .m3u and .wpl. As of the 1.02.26 and 2.02.26 firmware revisions, Fuze now supports ReplayGain for MP3, WMA (non-DRM only), Vorbis and FLAC, which utilizes any ReplayGain metadata that has been encoded into the media files. Also, navigation by folder was implemented as an addition to browsing by metadata. Operation The Sansa Fuze is compatible with Microsoft Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X when USB mode is set to MSC as a drag and drop USB mass storage device. The player can also function as a Windows Media 10 and up device when USB mode is set to MTP. The Fuze's USB cable utilizes a proprietary connector that is compatible with its predecessor, the e200 series, as well as the c200 series. It has a mechanical scroll wheel (as opposed to the touch sensor on an iPod). Also unlike an iPod, powering the device off cuts all power usage (except for the clock) completely, rather than switching to a sleep mode that merely shuts down its visible operation. The Fuze has a MicroSDHC slot that can be used for standard media storage and for the proprietary Sansa services known as Slotradio and Slotmusic. The connector on the Fuze supports Line Out Dock (LOD) which is preferred to power an external amp, bypassing the internal headphone amplifier. Software Sandisk includes the Sansa Media Converter to convert video and photos for use on the player. Equivalent open-source packages also exist, such as Video4Fuze. For editing playlists, the Sansa Fuze supports Windows Media Player (in MTP mode), Winamp (in MSC mode) and YAPL for Fuze (in MSC mode). In auto detect, one can view the files like one views them on a hard drive. One can add music through these programs or just drag and drop via a file browser like Windows Explorer. Alternatively, one may install open source Rockbox firmware, which supports numerous formats and offers greater flexibility. Fuze+ The Sansa Fuze+, announced on August 31, 2010 in capacities of 4 GB (US$79), 8 GB (US$89) & 16 GB (US$119), is a portable media player with a 2.4-inch color display (QVGA) and a touchpad. It also features an FM radio with FM recording, a voice recorder, and 24 hours of audio playback from a single charge. It supports the following audio formats: MP3, WMA, Secure WMA, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC, AAC, Audible, Podcasts. For video it supports MPEG-4, H.264, and WMV. Storage is expandable via a microSDHC slot, and it can be used to play slotMusic and slotRadio cards. See also SanDisk SanDisk Sansa Sansa c200 Series Sansa e200 series Comparison of portable media players References External links Sansa Fuze blog dedicated Digital audio players Portable media players SanDisk products
HOL Light is a member of the HOL theorem prover family. Like the other members, it is a proof assistant for classical higher order logic. Compared with other HOL systems, HOL Light is intended to have relatively simple foundations. HOL Light is authored and maintained by the mathematician and computer scientist John Harrison. HOL Light is released under the simplified BSD license. Logical foundations HOL Light is based on a formulation of type theory with equality as the only primitive notion. The primitive rules of inference are the following: This formulation of type theory is very close to the one described in section II.2 of . References Further reading External links HOL Light Free theorem provers Proof assistants OCaml software
Archibald George Campbell (1880–1954) was an Australian orchardist and amateur ornithologist. He was the son of Archibald James Campbell. With his father, he was a founding member of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union (RAOU) and was President of the organisation 1934–1935. He was elected a Fellow of the RAOU in 1941. He was also a founding member of the Bird Observers Club in 1905. References 1880 births 1954 deaths Archibald George Campbell Australian ornithologists Australian orchardists 20th-century Australian zoologists
Doki Doki Penguin Land is a series of puzzle platform games developed and published by Sega, and which began in 1985. All games in the series feature a very similar formula whereby players guide an egg to the bottom of a level by moving or destroying blocks. The egg cannot fall more than a certain distance, nor can it come into contact with an enemy or it will break and the player will lose a life. Games Doki Doki Penguin Land is the first title in the series. Originally released in 1985 for the SG-1000 and MSX, it was also among the few games to receive an arcade port running on hardware closely based on the SG-1000. The first game in the series established most of the gameplay conventions of the series. The game remains the most widely ported, and has been compiled on the Sega Saturn, various cell phones, and a loose adaptation on the Game Boy by Pony Canyon. Penguin Land is a 1985 Master System title, the first game in the series to be released in the West, and thus remains the most well known and popular game in the series in Europe and North America. The second Penguin Land game departed from the classic story, where father penguin delivers egg to mother penguin, in favor of a more outlandish plot. Overbite, the game's hero, leads an interplanetary mission where he must deliver eggs to his crew in a space station beneath the surface of an unnamed planet. It features much of the same gameplay as the original, but features a level editor, and a few new hazards and block types. Doki Doki Penguin Land MD is the third game in the Penguin Land series. It was initially released in 1991 as a downloadable game for the Sega Mega Drive and later compiled on Game no Kanzume Vol. 2 for the Mega CD. It is more similar to the first game in the series in story, and does not feature a level editor. It is not a remake, however, as the levels, graphics, and music are distinct. References Fictional penguins Puzzle-platform games Sega video games Sega Games franchises Video game franchises Video game franchises introduced in 1985 Video games about birds
MATHLAB is a computer algebra system created in 1964 by Carl Engelman at MITRE and written in Lisp. "MATHLAB 68" was introduced in 1967 and became rather popular in university environments running on DECs PDP-6 and PDP-10 under TOPS-10 or TENEX. In 1969 this version was included in the DECUS user group's library (as 10-142) as royalty-free software. Carl Engelman left MITRE for Symbolics where he contributed his expert knowledge in the development of Macsyma. Features Abstract from DECUS Library Catalog: MATHLAB is an on-line system providing machine aid for the mechanical symbolic processes encountered in analysis. It is capable of performing, automatically and symbolically, such common procedures as simplification, substitution, differentiation, polynomial factorization, indefinite integration, direct and inverse Laplace transforms, the solution of linear differential equations with constant coefficients, the solution of simultaneous linear equations, and the inversion of matrices. It also supplies fairly elaborate bookkeeping facilities appropriate to its on-line operation. Applications MATHLAB 68 has been used to solve electrical linear circuits using an acausal modeling approach for symbolic circuit analysis. This application was developed as a plug-in for MATHLAB 68 (open-source), building on MATHLAB's linear algebra facilities (Laplace transforms, inverse Laplace transforms and linear algebra manipulation). Print publications References Computer algebra systems Notebook interface
Trope or tropes may refer to: Arts and entertainment Trope (cinema), a cinematic convention for conveying a concept Trope (literature), a figure of speech or common literary device Trope (music), any of a variety of different things in medieval and modern music Fantasy tropes, elements of the fantasy genre Philosophy and religion Trope (philosophy), figurative and metaphorical language and various other technical senses Tropes, qualities or properties in formal ontology in philosophy Trope, a musical motif associated with cantillation, chanting of readings from the Hebrew Bible Science and technology Trope (mathematics), an archaic geometry term for a tangent line or plane Tropidophiidae or tropes, a dwarf boa Tropes, part of the desktop search engine software Tropes Zoom People Michael Trope (born 1951), American trial lawyer and former sports agent See also TV Tropes, a wiki for conventions and devices found within creative works
Acme Packet was a company based in Bedford, Massachusetts that sold session border controllers (SBCs), multi-service security gateways (MSGs), and session routing proxies (SRPs) to service providers and enterprises. A public company incorporated in Delaware, Acme Packet employs over 761 individuals in 31 countries. In 2002, Acme Packet Net-Net family of Session Aware Networking products won SUPERQuest award for most promising IP/application services technology for public networks at SUPERCOMM 2002. On February 4, 2013, Oracle Corporation announced that it was to acquire Acme Packet for US$2.1 billion. The deal closed in June of 2013 and Acme Packet was folded into the Oracle Communications Global Business Unit. Products Acme Packet’s Net-Net product family consists of the Net-Net OS software platform, 2600, 3000, 4000 and 9000 series systems, 4000 ATCA blade, and the EMS and SAS management tools. The Net-Net OS can be configured to provide SBC, MSG or SRP functions on any of the hardware platforms. The brand name "Net-Net" reflects the role of these products in interconnecting IP networks for voice, video and multimedia services. Acme Packet SBCs provide control functions to video and multimedia sessions — across IP network borders. They support multiple applications in service provider, large enterprise and contact center networks — from VoIP trunking to hosted enterprise and residential services to fixed-mobile convergence. References External links Acme Packet Companies based in Bedford, Massachusetts Oracle acquisitions Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq Technology companies based in Massachusetts 2013 mergers and acquisitions Bedford, Massachusetts
Sharon Weinberger is an American journalist and writer on defense and security issues. She is a Carnegie/Newhouse School Legal Reporting Fellow where her "project will examine a legally murky intersection between ethics and fraud in military contracting". Starting in Autumn 2009 she became an International Reporting Project fellow at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS). Education and early career Weinberger holds a B.A. from Johns Hopkins University, where she was elected to the prestigious honor society Phi Beta Kappa, and M.A.'s from the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public and International Affairs in International Affairs and from Yale University in Russian and East European Studies. She has also worked as a defense analyst for System Planning Corporation (SPC), a research, electronics and computer software company working for the US DoD, where her work focused on such areas as arms export policy, the Department of Defense laboratory system. Together with Dov S. Zakheim she co-authored a study for the think tank, the Center for Strategic and International Studies entitled Toward a Fortress Europe published in 2000. Journalist and author She has written for Wired'''s national security blog, Danger Room. She was editor-in-chief of Defense Technology International, a monthly magazine published by the McGraw Hill Aviation Week Group. She has written on science and technology policy for periodicals such as Slate, the Financial Times and the Washington Post Magazine. Her first book, Imaginary Weapons, describes a dispute over a weapons concept based on nuclear isomers. She has written for Foreign Policy and Slate on aspects of life in the Gaza strip. She is married to fellow national security journalist, Nathan Hodge with whom she co-authored A Nuclear Family Vacation: Travels in the World of Atomic Weaponry in which they describe visits to current and past nuclear weapons sites and meetings with some of the people involved with nuclear weapons programmes. During the Autumn of 2008 and Spring of 2009 she took a sabbatical to become a Knight Fellow in science journalism at MIT. Weinberger won an Alicia Patterson Journalism Fellowship in 2011 to research and write about how the science of Facebook is changing modern warfare. In November 2014, Weinberger became national security editor of The Intercept to head its investigative reporting on intelligence, military affairs, government surveillance, and the Edward Snowden archive. She is currently the executive editor for news at Foreign Policy. See also Montgomery McFate John B. Alexander Essence (Electronic Surveillance System for the Early Notification of Community-based Epidemics) Ghost imaging Sniffex Amir-Abbas Fakhravar Nisour Square massacre National Ignition Facility International Traffic in Arms Regulations Imperial Hubris Ballotechnics 2007 Osama bin Laden video Bibliography Imaginary Weapons: A Journey Through the Pentagon's Scientific Underworld (2006) . A Nuclear Family Vacation: Travels in the World of Atomic Weaponry (2008) . The Imagineers of War: The Untold Story of DARPA, the Pentagon Agency that Changed the World'', New York, Alfred A. Knopf, 2017, . References External links Personal website Wired's DANGER ROOM blog Slate:A Nuclear Family Vacation Washington Post Magazine: Xtreme Defense Slate: You Can't Handle the Truth Year of birth missing (living people) Living people American women journalists Johns Hopkins University alumni University of Pittsburgh alumni Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni 21st-century American women
Green Border Technologies, Inc., doing business as GreenBorder, was a security software company that specialized in using virtualization to create safe zones for online activities for Internet users. GreenBorder allows computer operators combine hardware and software to create "virtual" machines where tasks such as reading e-mail or exploring websites could be done without exposing systems to viruses or other malicious programs. Web-based programs that try to access files or computer registries are stopped from leaving what are commonly referred to as online "sandboxes" created by GreenBorder. The virtual "sandboxes" vanish at the end of each session, taking attacker assaults such as spyware, viruses, and trojans with them. GreenBorder was founded in 2001 by Vlad Dabija (founding CEO until 2004), Úlfar Erlingsson (founding CTO until 2002), Rosen Sharma and Srinivasan Keshav (as founding board members). The initial investors were Rajeev Motwani, Sevin Rosen Funds, and Labrador Ventures joined in Series B by TPG Ventures. Bernard Harguindeguy joined the team in 2005 as the CEO and lead the turnaround before selling the company to Google. Google acquisition GreenBorder, which is based in Mountain View, California, where Google has its headquarters, posted a message at its website announcing that it had been bought by Google. Google confirmed the purchase of GreenBorder, saying the deal was completed mid-May 2007 but the financial terms were not disclosed. GreenBorder said it is no longer taking on new customers and will service current subscribers until their contracts expire. The terms of the deal and Google's specific plans for GreenBorder's technology were not disclosed. The fate of the technology became apparent when Google Chrome was launched in September 2008: several former GreenBorder employees were named in a description of the new browser's sandboxing ability. References External links Google Acquisition report PC Magazine Review Google acquisitions Software companies established in 2001
OutlookSoft Corporation was a Stamford, Connecticut based software company with products for business performance management including planning, consolidation, forecasting, budgeting, dashboards, predictive analytics and reporting. Along with OutlookSoft, other vendors in the performance management space include SAS, Cognos (acquired by IBM in 2008), Business Objects (acquired by SAP AG in 2007) and Hyperion Solutions Corporation (acquired by Oracle in 2007). In 2006, OutlookSoft was named in the top 25% in Deloitte's Technology Fast 500, and in the same year, was sued by competitor, Hyperion, over software patents, winning a dismissal in October 2006 as the jury found no patent infringement and subsequently ruled the patents ineligible for claim. In June 2007, SAP AG announced its proposed acquisition of OutlookSoft, as a part of its strategy to challenge Oracle Corporation. Although the purchase price was never disclosed, estimates placed it between $200 and $400 million. SAP acquired OutlookSoft in 2007, with the terms of the deal remaining undisclosed. OutlookSoft's largest product was revamped as SAP BPC (Business Planning and Consolidation) after acquisition by SAP AG. SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC) is now the successor to SAP BPC. References Financial software companies
San Francisco is one of the original bitmap typefaces for the Apple Macintosh computer released in 1984. It was designed by Susan Kare to mimic the ransom-note effect and was used in early Mac software demos and Apple company fliers. An official TrueType version was never made, and San Francisco was rendered obsolete with the arrival of System 7. See also Samples of display typefaces References Apple Inc. typefaces Display typefaces Typefaces and fonts introduced in 1984 Typefaces designed by Susan Kare
Henry Vail (December 27, 1782 – June 25, 1853) was a U.S. Representative from New York. Born near Millbrook, New York, Vail received a limited schooling. He worked as in the retail business, and from 1815 to 1832 he was a partner in Gardner and Vail, a retailer and wholesaler of dry goods, groceries, and hardware. Vail was active in several other ventures, including serving on the board of directors of the Troy City Bank. He was also active in several horticultural and agricultural societies, and exhibited the fruit from his farm, called Ida Farm (sometimes written Mount Ida Farm), including pears, peaches, apples, gooseberries, currants, plums, and grapes. Vail was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1837 – March 3, 1839). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1838 to the Twenty-sixth Congress. He resumed his former business pursuits in Troy, New York, and died there June 25, 1853. He was interred in Oakwood Cemetery. Sources 1782 births 1853 deaths Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state) 19th-century American politicians Burials at Oakwood Cemetery (Troy, New York)
Hunter Walker (born September 10, 1984) is an investigative reporter and author from Brooklyn, New York. Career Walker has written for a variety of magazines and websites including Rolling Stone, The New Yorker, New York Magazine, Vanity Fair, The Atlantic, the Village Voice, National Geographic, Columbia Journalism Review, and Gawker.com. Walker is working on a book about "progressive politics" for W.W. Norton & Company that is due to be released in May 2023. Walker spent five years at Yahoo! News where he was a White House Correspondent during the entirety of the Trump administration. He has worked for several other news organizations as a reporter and editor covering politics including the New York Observer, Business Insider, and Talking Points Memo. During 2021 and 2022, Walker authored a Substack newsletter that was focused on the January 6 United States Capitol attack. His coverage of the attack, which included live broadcasts from the scene at the U.S. Capitol and a series of articles for Rolling Stone has been widely cited and was among the first reporting detailing planning efforts and communications between Mark Meadows, the Trump family, members of Congress, and activists involved in attempts to overturn the 2020 U.S. presidential election. In 2022, he co-authored a book with former Congressman Denver Riggleman titled The Breach. The book details Riggleman's work on the United States House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack. Before covering politics, Walker worked in Hollywood where he was employed by The Daily and helped launch its gossip section with former Page Six editor Richard Johnson. Walker also covered the television industry for the TheWrap.com. Walker has conducted exclusive interviews with several major political figures including Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, and Cory Booker. He is a 2010 graduate of the Columbia School of Journalism. References 1984 births Living people American investigative journalists American political writers Journalists from Brooklyn
Gulariya () is a municipality and headquarters of Bardiya District in Lumbini Province of south-western Nepal. It is located in the plains of the Terai region near the southern border with the Bahraich district, Uttar Pradesh state of India. It is 35 kilometers west of Nepalgunj and about 10 km north of Murtiha Transit or railway station, India. It lies at an elevation of 187 meters. Overview Murtiha road or Bhansar road is the main and oldest business hub having book-shops, cosmetic-shops, hardware dealers and home appliances distributors among others. This area is also famous for the various fancy shops alongside of the road. Apart from this area, Radha-krishna chok is another Business area holding banks as well as various hotels. There is also better education facility in the city which are in full operation. Several Private-Boarding as well as Governmental Schools are established in the city like Sunrise Secondary Boarding School, Bageshwory Secondary Boarding School, Janjyoti Higher-Secondary Boarding School, Little-Heaven English Academy, Baglamukhi School among others. For higher studies, Babai Campus affiliated to Tribhuvan University is also located here. Demographics At the time of the 2011 Nepal census, Gulariya Municipality had a population of 68,164. Of these, 38.7% spoke Awadhi, 23.0% Nepali, 22.0% Tharu, 11.5% Urdu, 1.7% Bhojpuri, 1.4% Maithili, 0.4% Magar, 0.4% Newar, 0.3% Doteli, 0.3% Santali, 0.2% Hindi, 0.1% Gurung, 0.1% Sherpa and 0.1% other languages as their first language. In terms of ethnicity/caste, 24.5% were Tharu, 11.2% Musalman, 9.1% Yadav, 8.1% Hill Brahmin, 7.0% Mallaha, 6.1% Chhetri, 5.5% Lodh, 4.2% Chamar/Harijan/Ram, 3.9% Kami, 2.2% Magar, 1.5% Dusadh/Paswan/Pasi, 1.5% other Terai, 1.3% Kurmi, 1.2% Damai/Dholi, 1.1% Dhobi, 1.0% Kathabaniyan, 1.0% Thakuri, 0.9% Terai Brahmin, 0.8% Hajjam/Thakur, 0.8% Halwai, 0.8% Newar, 0.7% other Dalit, 0.7% Kayastha, 0.7% Teli, 0.5% Koiri/Kushwaha, 0.4% Sanyasi/Dasnami, 0.3% Bengali, 0.3% Gaderi/Bhedihar, 0.3% Gurung, 0.3% Santal, 0.2% Kewat, 0.2% Kori, 0.1% Badhaee, 0.1% Gaine, 0.1% Kahar, 0.1% Kalwar, 0.1% Kumal, 0.1% Lohar, 0.1% Musahar, 0.1% Pattharkatta/Kushwadiya, 0.1% Rajbhar, 0.1% Raji, 0.1% Sarki, 0.1% Sherpa, 0.1% Tamang and 0.1% others. In terms of religion, 87.2% were Hindu, 11.0% Muslim, 1.3% Christian, 0.4% Buddhist and 0.1% others. In terms of literacy, 59.5% could read and write, 2.5% could only read and 38.0% could neither read nor write. Nepali is spoken natively by Paharis as well as by people of other ethnicity as the national language and lingua franca. The mother tongue for the older residents is still Awadhi and Tharu language, which is understood and normally spoken by the entire population of the district. Tharu people are considered as the original inhabitants of this area. Lifestyle Temperature highly affects the lifestyle of Gulariya. Due to extreme heat in summer season, people wear light cotton clothes and rarely come out during the day time. While in the winter season, the temperature may drop to 6 °C during which people wear thick woollen clothes. Restaurants in Gulariya are famous for its samosas, chaat, golgappas(Panipuri), dahibada, momos (Nepalese-style Dumplings), sekuwa (roasted spiced-meat), biryani and chilled beer. Samosas, chaat, golgappas(panipuri) and sekuwa from Gulariya are considered to be the most delicious in all of Nepal. Sweet-shops especially the Indian Sweets which involves the best of sweets like the Gulab jamun, Barfi, Ras malai, Jalebi, etc. add even more delicacy to the food loving people of Gulariya. Culture and Religion Gulariya city has a diverse culture with people from different faiths living within mixed communities. Hinduism and Islam are two major religions in the city with Hindus comprising larger percentage of the population. Other religions like Buddhism and the Christianity are among in the minorities. People of different ethnicity are known to have traditionally lived together, without any significant conflicts. Transport Gulariya has fully operational bus and mini-bus services that reach almost all parts of the western region that connected by roadways, as well as most parts of the eastern region, including all the major hubs in the country. The main hub for buses is Gulariya Buspark, while small transits are located in several other places in the city like Bhansar chok, Police-station road. Short routes are generally covered by micro-buses and mini-buses, while luxury coaches are available for long routes to destinations like Kathmandu, Pokhara, etc. The country's longest highway- Mahendra Highway, is linked from the city center. A line of Indian Railways reaches Murtiha across the border. It involves train changes at Gonda, Bahraich and Nanpara. For travellers coming in from India it is also possible to take an express train to Lucknow and from there a direct bus to Murtiha. Indian and Nepalese nationals may cross the border without restrictions, however there is a customs checkpoint for goods and third country nationals. The most common public transport for commuters within the city have long been cycle rickshaws and electric rickshaws. Most common private transport are motorcycles, especially among young adults while bicycles are used by many. Recently the number of automobiles has increased significantly in the city. Infrastructure Bardiya District Hospital Gulariya Police Station Gulariya Town-hall Gulariya District Court FNCCI Gulariya Branch Climate Gulariya has a sub-tropical climate. Temperatures sometimes exceed 38 °C (102 °F) from April to June. During the rainy season—arriving in June and lasting into September—it is less hot but sometimes very humid. Winter is usually pleasant while the sun is out. It sometimes is foggy and overcast; then it can be chilly with temperatures below 10 °C (41 °F) but no frost. Hotels With the boost in the tourism industry after the change over in political scenario of Nepal in 1950, hotel industry in Gulariya picked up a significant growth. Now, Gulariya boasts of several good hotels such as Mirror, Sunflower, Shankar, etc. There are a number of good restaurants in the city that offer traditional Nepalese, as well as, a variety of Indian, Chinese and Western cuisines. Places of interest Baglamukhi Temple in Gulariya is one of the most important temples for Hindus. It is dedicated to goddess Baglamukhi. Kotahi temple and Thakurdwara temple are equally important worship places and is very famous in this region. Bed Byash Batika Temple located in Shantitole-8 is one of the popular places to worship lord Krishna and Radha. Bardiya National Park is the most famous tourist destination in this region having a total area of 968 km2 where people can enjoy Jungle Safari riding on an Elephant's back. Karnali River is 60 minutes drive west. Sports Cricket and football are the two most popular sports in Gulariya. References Manjesh rana Populated places in Bardiya District Transit and customs posts along the India–Nepal border Points for exit and entry of nationals from third countries along the India–Nepal border Tourism in Nepal Nepal municipalities established in 1997 Municipalities in Bardiya District
Windows Essential Business Server 2008 (code named Centro) was Microsoft's server offering for mid-size businesses (up to a maximum of 300 Users and/or Devices). It was released to manufacturing on 15 September 2008 and was officially launched on 12 November 2008. It was discontinued on 30 June 2010. Overview Built from the Windows Server 2008 codebase, two editions are available: Standard and Premium. The Standard edition includes three Windows Server 2008 x64 Standard Servers and on top of those three servers: Microsoft Exchange 2007, Microsoft System Center Essentials, Microsoft Forefront Security for Exchange Server, and Forefront Threat Management Gateway (Medium Business Edition). The Premium edition adds another Windows Server 2008 Standard Edition and the Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Standard database software. According to Microsoft, Essential Business Server features a single administration/management console, through which the collection of managed clients and servers can be monitored and managed. Third party software can also utilize the same console to present an administration interface to their software. CA Technologies and Symantec will use the management console for their CA ARCserve Backup, Backup Exec and Symantec Endpoint Protection products respectively. Essential Business Server also includes Remote Web Workplace, an out-of-the-box feature that enables IT to easily set up security-enhanced remote access to company client computers and Outlook Web App. On 5 March 2010, Microsoft announced that due to low demand of the product, it discontinued the offering of Essential Business Server after June 30, 2010. Microsoft has recommended that Essential Businesses use standalone Windows Server 2008 R2, Exchange Server 2010, System Center Essentials 2010, Forefront Security for Exchange Server 2010 and Forefront Threat Management Gateway 2010. From 30 June 2010 until 31 December 2010, Microsoft offered standalone products of Windows Server 2008 Standard, System Center Essentials 2007, and Exchange Server 2007 to current Essential Business Server customers free of charge (Taxes and shipping charges apply). See also Windows Server Essentials References External links Official blog in Chinese Kent Compton's Blog - EBS product planner Nicholas King's Blog - EBS technical product manager Chris Grillone's Blog - EBS product manager Product documentation Essential Business Server 2008 Essential Business Server 2008
The Public Whip is a parliamentary informatics project that analyses and publishes the voting history of MPs in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was developed by Francis Irving and Julian Todd following the 18 March 2003 Parliamentary Approval for the invasion of Iraq as a tool to record which MPs had defied their party's whip long after the information had become effectively inaccessible for reference. On 1 August 2011 Irving and Todd handed control of the site to a new team. The project is loosely affiliated to mySociety's TheyWorkForYou with which it shares a large part of the same parliamentary parsing code-base. In 2014 the OpenAustralia Foundation launched a fork of the project for Australia's federal parliament called They Vote For You . Awards and funding In 2004 the Public Whip won the New Statesman New Media Award for "civic renewal". The site has never received a grant from any funding body and remains entirely paid for by its creators, including server costs and bandwidth. Technology Originally the software was written in Perl, and then later rewritten in Python. The main process downloads the daily transcripts from the online Hansard, matches and assigns IDs to the names of MPs, and saves them into XML files. These are later uploaded into a mySQL table and viewed through PHP webpages. At the end of 2003 the project was extended to read the archive of Parliamentary Written Answers. Following a request from mySociety, the Parliamentary Parser was expanded to include House of Commons and Westminster Hall debates, and finally the House of Lords, which are all more or less in the same format. It is now maintained by them to provide the data to their TheyWorkForYou website. Publicity The website has occasionally been cited in newspaper articles, and is sometimes referred to in election material. It has also been used to provide voting analysis to citizens during elections. Activism An election quiz which advised voters of which party or incumbent candidate most closely matched their political opinions (according to the Parliamentary vote) was on the site for the 2005 General election and received over 10,000 hits. In anticipation of preparing a version of it again for the next general election, Julian has distributed leaflets and tried out variations of the site at the 2008 Crewe and Nantwich by-election and the 2008 Glenrothes by-election. Creators Francis Irving currently does programming work for mySociety, most recently WhatDoTheyKnow, a site that provides an on-line interface to the Freedom of Information Act 2000. Julian Todd has extended the concept of parsing transcripts for speeches and votes to the General Assembly and Security Council of the United Nations with a website called undemocracy.com established in 2007. The work was motivated by the discovery of the transcripts on-line during research into the application of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1267 in his home town of Liverpool. References External links Public Whip webpage Parlparse TheyWorkForYou.com Julian Todd's blog posts relating to PublicWhip and undemocracy.com undemocracy.com website Politics of the United Kingdom British political websites Political whips Software using the GNU AGPL license Open government in the United Kingdom Internet properties established in 2003
The Wigan Post (formerly Wigan Evening Post and Chronicle and later just the Wigan Evening Post) is a weekly (changed from daily in August 2021) tabloid British regional newspaper for Wigan in Greater Manchester (formerly in the traditional county of Lancashire). It is owned by National World and published by Lancashire Publications, which has its offices in the town. The main area for the paper's distribution is around the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan. It is published on Fridays. It was founded in the 1950s as a subdivision of the Lancashire Evening Post. The website which the Wigan Post shares with its sister papers is Wigan Today. It also has an app for IOS and Android devices. Sister papers Wigan Observer The Wigan Observer is a weekly paid-for paper sold in the borough and is published each Tuesday. It was formed in 1853 as The Wigan Observer and District Advertiser and was family-run until 1966. Freesheets The Wigan Reporter was a freesheet weekly paper delivered in the Wigan area. It was founded in 1978. It ceased publication in February 2017 with many of its supplements being incorporated into the Post instead. It also had two other freesheets, St Helens Reporter and Leigh Reporter, which are published once per week. References External links Wigan Evening Post Newspapers published in Greater Manchester Mass media in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan Daily newspapers published in the United Kingdom Newspapers published by Johnston Press
DMG Mori Akiengesellschaft (stylized as DMG MORI AKTIENGESELLSCHAFTT) is one of Germany's largest manufacturers of cutting machine tools and a manufacturer of CNC-controlled lathes and milling machines. Products include machines, industrial services and software and energy solutions. The SDAX technology group has 21 production sites worldwide and 161 international sales and service sites. The company is based in Bielefeld. Until September 2013 it was known as Gildemeister AG, and until June 2015 as DMG Mori Seiki Aktiengesellshaft. Since 2015, the Japanese company DMG Mori Seiki Co. has owned a 52.54% controlling stake in the German company DMG Mori Aktiengesellschaft. On September 20, 2023, it was added to the list of sponsors of Russian war by the National Agency for the Prevention of Corruption. This body concluded that it has not severed relations with its Russian subsidiary which continues to assist the Ulyanovsk Machine Tool Plant in producing weapons of war. History On 1 October 1870, locksmith Friedrich Gildemeister founded the ‘Werkzeugmaschinenfabrik (Machine Tool Plant) Gildemeister & Comp’ back in the ‘pioneer days’ in Germany. In the following decades, the plant near the Cologne-Minden train station in Bielefeld was expanded to include several production facilities. For over 100 years – until 1976 - the company was based across the street from the main railroad station, where the hotel Bielefelder Hof and the municipal exhibition hall are now situated. Gildemeisterstraße 60 in Bielefeld has since become the group’s headquarters. Today, 7,236 employees and 261 trainees work for the group worldwide. In 1890, the company had around 100 employees, among them a wages clerk and three technicians to assemble the machines. In 1899, the former partnership was changed to a public limited company with capital assets of 1 million Goldmarks. In 1920 five engineers founded Maho AG as Mayr, Hoermann & Cie GmbH. Gildemeister went public in 1950 and at the end of 1969, the company became a public company with a broad spectrum of shareholders. Merger of Deckel & Maho. Later Gildemeister In 1993 Friederich Deckel AG and Maho AG merged. In 1994 Gildemeister AG acquired Deckel Maho AG and was renamed Deckel Maho Gildemeister AG. In 2002, Gildemeister received approval from the German Stock Exchange for admission to the ‘Prime Standard’. Following restructuring of the German Stock Index in March 2003, the Gildemeister share was listed on the SDAX. At the end of December 2007, Gildemeister AG was included in the MDAX stock index. In 2008, the Public Prosecutor’s Office initiated proceedings against the Gildemeister AG CEO, Rüdiger Kapitza. The charges brought against him included embezzlement, fraud, corruption and tax evasion. In late summer, the Public Prosecutor’s Office and the Financial Market Authority, BaFin, stopped their unsuccessful investigations into insider trading. However, proceedings continued in other areas. Investigations in Austria were also finally stopped in March 2013 and Kapitza was cleared of suspicion of embezzlement and fraud. Cooperation with Mori Seiki In March 2009, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Japanese company Mori Seiki. This agreement allowed the company to further consolidate its sales and service network in global key markets. The cooperation in markets in Taiwan, Thailand, Indonesia and Turkey was followed by the USA and India. Since September 2011, the two companies have continued to further expand their joint market presence in Europe. In order to strengthen their successful global cooperation, Gildemeister and Mori Seiki signed a cooperation agreement and decided to align their company names. On 1 October 2013, Gildemeister Aktiengesellschaft became DMG Mori Seiki Aktiengesellschaft. Mori Seiki changed its name to DMG Mori Seiki Company Limited. On the global market, both companies used the DMG MORI brand. On 21 January 2015, the DMG Mori Seiki Aktiengesellschaft signed another cooperation agreement with DMG Mori Seiki Co., Ltd. This agreement specified objectives for strategic growth and sought to consolidate the successful cooperation between the companies. On 8 June 2015, DMG Mori Seiki Aktiengesellschaft became DMG MORI Aktiengesellschaft and DMG Mori Seiki Company Limited changed its name to DMG Mori Company Limited as a further confirmation of the merger. Both companies are main shareholders: DMG MORI AG (Gildemeister), holds 9.6 per cent of DMG Mori Co. Ltd. and DMG Mori Co. Ltd. holds 52.54 per cent (status: 7 May 2015) of DMG MORI AG. References External links Companies based in North Rhine-Westphalia Engineering companies of Germany German brands Machine tool builders Companies listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange
The Java Class Library (JCL) is a set of dynamically loadable libraries that Java Virtual Machine (JVM) languages can call at run time. Because the Java Platform is not dependent on a specific operating system, applications cannot rely on any of the platform-native libraries. Instead, the Java Platform provides a comprehensive set of standard class libraries, containing the functions common to modern operating systems. JCL serves three purposes within the JVM: Like other standard code libraries, they provide the programmer a well-known set of useful facilities, such as container classes and regular expression processing. The library provides an abstract interface to tasks that would normally depend heavily on the hardware and operating system, such as network access and file access. Some underlying platforms may not support all of the features a Java application expects. In these cases, the library implementation can either emulate those features or provide a consistent way to check for the presence of a specific feature. Implementation and configuration JCL is almost entirely written in Java, except for the parts that need direct access to the hardware and operating system (such as for I/O or bitmap graphics). The classes that give access to these functions commonly use Java Native Interface wrappers to access operating system APIs. Almost all of JCL is stored in a single Java archive file called "rt.jar" which is provided with JRE and JDK distributions. The Java Class Library (rt.jar) is located in the default bootstrap classpath and does not have to appear in the classpath declared for the application. The runtime uses the bootstrap class loader to find the JCL. The Java Module System (part of the Java 9 release) broke the monolithic "rt.jar" JAR file and modularized the JCL itself in several modules with specified dependencies. Conformance Any Java implementation must pass the Java Technology Compatibility Kit tests for compliance, which includes JCL tests. Main features JCL Features are accessed through classes provided in packages. contains fundamental classes and interfaces closely tied to the language and runtime system. I/O and networking access the platform file system, and more generally networks through the , and packages. For networking, SCTP is available through . Mathematics package: provides mathematical expressions and evaluation, as well as arbitrary-precision decimal and integer number datatypes. Collections and Utilities : built-in Collection data structures, and utility classes, for regular expressions, concurrency, logging and data compression. GUI and 2D Graphics: the AWT package () basic GUI operations and binds to the underlying native system. It also contains the 2D Graphics API. The Swing package () is built on AWT and provides a platform-independent widget toolkit, as well as a pluggable look and feel. It also deals with editable and non-editable text components. Sound: interfaces and classes for reading, writing, sequencing, and synthesizing of sound data. Text: deals with text, dates, numbers and messages. Image package: and provide APIs to write, read, and modify images. XML: SAX, DOM, StAX, XSLT transforms, XPath and various APIs for Web services, as SOAP protocol and JAX-WS. Security is provided by and encryption services are provided by . Databases: access to SQL databases via Access to Scripting engines: The package gives access to any conforming Scripting language. Applets: allows applications to be downloaded over a network and run within a guarded sandbox Java Beans: provides ways to manipulate reusable components. Introspection and reflection: java.lang.Class represents a class, but other classes such as Method and Constructor are available in . Licensing Prior licenses Before the release of OpenJDK, the JDK was based on a proprietary license. Following their promise to release a fully buildable JDK based on almost completely free and open-source code in the first half of 2007, Sun released the complete source code of the Class Library under the GPL on May 8, 2007, except some limited parts that were licensed by Sun from third parties who did not want their code to be released under an open-source license. Sun's goal was to replace the parts that remain proprietary and closed source with alternative implementations and make the Class Library completely free and open source. Until December 2010, the remaining encumbered part of the JDK was made available by Sun then Oracle as Binary Plugs which were required to build the JDK but not necessary to run it. , the only part of the Class library that remained proprietary and closed-source (4% for OpenJDK 7, and less than 1% and OpenJDK 6) was the SNMP implementation. Since the first May 2007 release, Sun, with the help of the community, released as open-source or replaced with open-source alternatives almost all the encumbered code: All the audio engine code, including the software synthesizer, became open source. The closed-source software synthesizer has been replaced by a new synthesizer developed specifically for OpenJDK called Gervill, All cryptography classes were released as open-source, The code that scales and rasterizes fonts uses open source FreeType The native color management uses open-source LittleCMS. There is a pluggable layer in the JDK, so that the commercial release of Java can use the original, proprietary color management system and OpenJDK can use LittleCMS. The anti-aliasing graphics rasterizer code uses the open source Pisces renderer used in the phoneME project. The JavaScript plugin is open source (the JavaScript engine itself was open source from the beginning). Open source release Beginning in December 2010, all the so-called binary plugs were replaced by open source replacements, making the entire JDK open. Alternative implementations GNU Classpath is the other main free software class library for Java. Contrary to other implementations, it only implements the Class Library, and is used by many free Java runtimes (like Kaffe, SableVM, JamVM). Apache Harmony was another free software class library. Its aim was to implement the other parts of the Java stack (Virtual Machine, Compiler, and other tools required for any Java implementation). See also Java Platform, Standard Edition List of Java APIs OpenJDK Free Java implementations Standard library Java applet References External links Java SE Main page Java SE API documentation Java software development kits (status ): 1.7 (early development) 1.6 (stable, current) 1.5 (stable) 1.4 (stable) 1.3 (obsolete) Java (programming language) Java (programming language) libraries
The Mexican state of Oaxaca was embroiled in a conflict that lasted more than seven months and resulted in at least seventeen deaths and the occupation of the capital city of Oaxaca by the Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Oaxaca (APPO). The conflict emerged in May 2006 with the police responding to a strike involving the local teachers' trade union by opening fire on non-violent protests. It then grew into a broad-based movement pitting the Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Oaxaca (APPO) against the state's governor, Ulises Ruiz Ortiz. Protesters demanded the removal or resignation of Ortiz, whom they accused of political corruption and acts of repression. Multiple reports, including from international human rights monitors, accused the Mexican government of using death squads, summary executions, and even violating Geneva Conventions standards that prohibit attacking and shooting at unarmed medics attending to the wounded. One human rights observer claimed over twenty-seven were killed by the police violence. The dead included Brad Will, Emilio Alonso Fabián, José Alberto López Bernal, Fidel Sánchez García, and Esteban Zurita López. Organisation After the police fired on non-violent protesters, the teacher's union fought back and were able to force the police out of the city and establish a citywide anarchist community for several months. The teacher's union and other worker's and community groups form the APPO which created large democratic assemblies for citizens. According to one activist who helped to found the APPO:So the APPO was formed to address the abuses and create an alternative. It was to be a space for discussion, reflection, analysis, and action. We recognized that it shouldn’t be just one organization, but rather a blanket coordinating body for many different groups. That is, not one ideology would prevail; we would focus on finding the common ground among diverse social actors. Students, teachers, anarchists, Marxists, churchgoers — everyone was invited.The APPO was born without a formal structure, but soon developed impressive organizational capacity. Decisions in the APPO are made by consensus within the general assembly, which was privileged as a decision-making body. In the first few weeks of our existence we created the APPO State Council. The council was originally composed of 260 people — approximately ten representatives from each of Oaxaca’s seven regions and representatives from Oaxaca’s urban neighborhoods and municipalities.The Provisional Coordination was created to facilitate the operation of the APPO through different commissions. A variety of commissions were established: judicial, finance, communications, human rights, gender equity, defense of natural resources, and many more. Proposals are generated in smaller assemblies of each sector of the APPO and then brought to the general assembly where they are debated further or ratified.There was deep tension in the group between the more radical and libertarian elements who rejected representative democracy and wanted to create a permanent self-organised society against the more conservative and moderate elements who wanted elections. Ultimately, the radicals were more successful and the elections were boycotted by most of the population. The APPO was also able to organise festivals, defensive measures, radio stations and a neighbourhood watch. The festivals, the 'Guelaguetza' thousands of people attended for free to see indigenous culture, dresses and dancing whilst graffiti artists packed the streets and covered the walls of the towns in anti-government and anti-capitalist messages. The APPO also used 'topiles' as a method of keeping the peace. These were neighbourhood watches that also doubled as a militia which fought off government soldiers often with little more than rocks and fireworks. If a criminal was found to be disturbing someone, a bell would be used to alert the nearest topile, who would either give them a minor fine or perhaps hold them for the night. The topiles were successful in organising first aid centres and garbage collection. May and June 2006 In May 2006, a teachers' strike began in the Zócalo in the Mexican city of Oaxaca. 2006 was the 25th consecutive year that Oaxaca's teachers had struck. Previously, the protests had generally lasted for one to two weeks and had resulted in small raises for teachers. The 2006 strike began in protest of the low funding for teachers and rural schools in the state, but was prompted to additionally call for the resignation of the state governor Ulises Ruiz Ortiz after 3000 police were sent to break up the occupation in the early morning of June 14, 2006. A street battle lasted for several hours that day, resulting in more than one hundred hospitalizations but no fatalities. Ortiz declared that he would not resign. In response to the events of June 14, representatives of Oaxaca's state regions and municipalities, unions, non-governmental organizations, social organizations, cooperatives, and parents convened to form the Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Oaxaca (APPO, from its Spanish name, Asamblea Popular de los Pueblos de Oaxaca). On June 17 APPO reestablished encampments in the zocalo and declared itself to be the governing body of Oaxaca, plunging the city into a state of civil rebellion. Barricades were constructed across some streets in an effort to prevent further police raids. APPO began to seek country-wide solidarity with their movement and urged other states within Mexico to similarly organize popular assemblies at every level of social organization: neighborhoods, street blocks, unions, and towns. Various municipality offices across the state closed in unity. A popular mantra was, “No leader is going to solve our problems”. Though APPO did not boycott the Mexican national elections on July 2, Ulises Ruiz's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) suffered electoral defeat in Oaxaca, a state they had ruled for seventy years. APPO did agree to boycott the annual Guelaguetza festival in the final weeks of July. Protesters blocked access to the auditorium in which the festival is held using burned buses and miscellaneous trash, thus preventing the finalization of renovations to the facility. This action drew criticism due to the damage that some individuals did to the auditorium by starting fires and spray painting graffiti. Some of the graffiti said: "Tourists, go home! In Oaxaca we are not capitalists". As a result of the boycott, the government cancelled the celebration of the festival – in its stead the APPO held an alternative version of the cultural festival over the course of several days. The action marked the lowest point of government for Ulises Ruiz, who subsequently left the State. He resided in Mexico City for a few months. After a few weeks of absence, the APPO assumed control of the city and started implementing their own law, while confrontations with State Police escalated. August 2006 August 1 saw the beginning of APPO's break in of television and radio stations throughout the city. While all of these stations are no longer occupied by APPO members, the use of radio has been an important facet of the movement. APPO utilized the radio resources in order to communicate about possible threats from police and armed gangs, demand the removal of Ulises Ruiz and the release of political prisoners. During APPO's illegal occupation of the radio stations, pro-PRI and PRI-funded groups engaged in frequent late-night armed attacks on APPO-controlled radio stations and damaged their broadcasting equipment. Those attacks on the APPO-controlled radio stations represented an escalation of violence in a conflict that (despite constant rumors of threats) had remained relatively peaceful since the June 14 police raid. In what was called a "cleanup operation", armed groups of men attacked the APPO's barricades during the nights. The individuals involved were identified as members of pro-PRI organizations and as plain-clothes local police. These attacks, combined with other shootings and assassinations, resulted in the first deaths associated with the conflict, in which six APPO supporters were killed.<ref>{{cite news|url = http://www.jornada.unam.mx/2006/08/09/index.php?section=sociedad&article=047n1soc|title = Ejecutan a catedrático de la Universidad de Oaxaca|newspaper = La Jornada|language = es|date = 9 August 2006|access-date = 15 November 2006}}</ref> September 2006 On September 14, striking teachers and APPO members took over the municipal building in Huautla de Jiménez, located in the Sierra Mazateca in northern Oaxaca. They retained control of the building until mid-January 2007 (months after the government regained control of Oaxaca City), when Oaxacan state police briefly occupied the city, patrolling the streets with large guns and guarding the municipio all hours of the day and night. The leader of Mazatecan APPO, Agustín Sosa, was elected mayor (presidente) of Huautla de Jiménez in November 2007, to a term beginning in January, 2008. Sosa is a longtime activist who spent many months in jail in 2004, accused of murder in the death of a protester (at the hands of the police) at a protest organized by Sosa. He bears no relation to Flavio Sosa, the still imprisoned leader of APPO. October 2006 On October 27, 2006, Bradley Roland Will, a U.S. Indymedia journalist from New York who had entered the country under a tourist visa, was killed along with Professor Emilio Alonso Fabián and Esteban López Zurita, in what the Associated Press has claimed was a "shootout" between protesters and a group of armed men. Photographs by Brad Will, however, demonstrate that the protesters were throwing rocks at the gunman. Photographs of Will, after he was shot, show a man lying on the ground, surrounded by friends, and not the "armed gangs" that the Associated Press has reported. An autopsy by the Mexican government has concluded that "two shots" were fired at Will, one from in front and one from behind (which, the government alleges, was fired by a protester). The body was never examined for blood clotting in the second wound, which would have demonstrated that it was "implemented" in the morgue. Brad Will's body was cremated. The family of Brad Will visited Mexico to demand justice from the court system, and upon hearing the accusation that their son was shot at close range by a protester, they called it "ridiculous, false, without substance, biased, and unconvincing." They also accused the District Attorney of falsifying evidence and acting in bad faith. However, protesters claim the shooting was by a group of armed men against unarmed protesters. Oswaldo Ramírez, a photographer for Mexico City daily Milenio, was also shot in the foot. Lizbeth Cana, attorney general of Oaxaca, claims the shooting of the protesters was provoked by the protesters themselves and that the armed men who engaged them were upset residents from the area. The U.S. ambassador to Mexico, Tony Garza, however, claims the men may have been local police. El Universal'' has identified some of the men as local officials. Protesters also allege that the men were police and not local residents. Indymedia claims from a first-hand witness that the man who shot Will was an "urban paramilitary" member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. A local news organisation, Centro de Medios Libres, claims that from Will's recovered videotapes, they have found that Pedro Carmona, a paramilitary who was the mayor of Felipe Carrillo Puerto in Santa Lucía del Camino, was the person who shot Bradley Roland Will. Another shooting took place later in the day outside the state prosecutor's office, leading to three injuries. An Associated Press report by Rebeca Romero (December 11, 2006, 12:33 am (ET)) claims, "Most of the nine victims of the Oaxaca violence have been protesters who were shot by armed gangs..." One protester, in response to the massive denunciations of the state-controlled media, has said, "I saw a young boy shot in the leg, friends around me arrested left and right, bullets flying everywhere. The government needed someone to blame, and it came down heaviest on the people at the barricades, especially strategic barricades like Cinco Senores. They called us vandals and thieves and delinquents." The death of Bradley Roland Will prompted President Vicente Fox to send federal police to Oaxaca after months of attempting to stay neutral in what he considered a local issue. October 29–30 At least two protesters, Social Security Institute workers Roberto López Hernández and nurse and APPO safety commission member Jorge Alberto Beltrán, were killed when about 3,500 federal police and 3000 military police removed protesters in downtown Oaxaca's Zócalo, with a backup of 5,000 army troops waiting just outside the city. The police forces were met with resistance from protesters and Radio APPO reported police raids (which were denied by the federal government) on activists' homes, helicopters dropped chemical grenades (apparently tear gas) on protesters who had been pushed from the Zócalo. There were multiple unconfirmed reports of a young teenager, but rather a twelve-year-old child, shot in the streets near Puente Tecnológico; the boy's body was reportedly taken by police. There have been some deaths according to local media, and while the APPO claims 'dozens' of deaths, the exact number is yet unknown. Protests continued, with sporadic clashes occurring around the Zócalo, which is held by Federal forces. Numerous people have been detained; footage shows at least four being removed in a PFP Mi-17 helicopter. The Mexican Episcopate Conference, an organization of the Catholic Church, supported the intervention of the Federal Police in the conflict. On October 30, 2006, the Revolutionary Indigenous Clandestine Committee (CCRI) issued a notice condemning the government tactics and the killings, including that of a minor; through the communiqué, the EZLN indicated a four-point response, which included the closing of some highways in the southeast state of Chiapas, and their vocal support to the people of Oaxaca. November 2006 An open letter written "to honor the memory" of slain journalist Brad Will and support "the Oaxacan people's efforts to establish a popular government that recognizes local traditions and values", was signed in early November by numerous academics and activists, including Noam Chomsky, Naomi Klein, Michael Moore, Arundhati Roy, Starhawk and Howard Zinn. November 2, 2006 Federal Preventative Police advanced on the Benito Juárez Autonomous University of Oaxaca, occupied by students and displaced protesters from the Zocalo. Since the university is autonomous, the police are forbidden from entering the grounds, unless invited by the Rector. Thousands of protesters arrived in the following hours, surrounding the police and eventually forcing them to withdraw from the area surrounding the university. The APPO has also received permission by the university rector, through threats of violence, to broadcast their messages through the university radio, which they have used to criticise political parties, the PRI specifically. Opinions against the APPO are quickly taken off the air After criticism by the private sector, political organizations and the press (specifically Grupo Formula's news anchor Denise Maerker) for his remarks towards the APPO the rector declared that he had requested respect for the rights of students and faculty and that a tentative operation by the Federal Police would not be a solution to the issue November 6, 2006 Three explosions in Mexico City destroyed a Scotiabank branch lobby, blew out windows at Mexico's Tribunal Federal Electoral (Federal Electoral Tribunal), and damaged the auditorium at PRI headquarters. Other homemade bombs were placed in a second Scotiabank branch and in front of the chain restaurant Sanborns, but these were disabled before exploding. A phone call was placed to authorities shortly before midnight which warned of the bombings. None of the exploded bombs resulted in injuries or death. A coalition of five leftist guerrilla groups from Oaxaca claimed responsibility for the blasts. There are no known ties between these guerrilla groups and Oaxacan protesters, and APPO members denied any involvement in or knowledge of the bombings. November 10–13, 2006 Despite the presence of federal police in the city, the APPO has continued to organize, holding a Constituent Congress in order to discuss plans to rewrite Oaxaca's political constitution. Likewise, in an attempt to broaden its focus throughout the state and develop future projects, the movement formed the State Council of the Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Oaxaca (CEAPPO). This new council will be formed of 260 representatives from the various regions of Oaxaca, including 40 members of the teachers' union. This represents a major development for the APPO's continuing attempts to develop alternative political proposals while still pushing for the removal of Ulises Ruiz. November 25–26, 2006 On Saturday, November 25, 2006, a large clash between the federal police and demonstrators occurred in the evening following the seventh megamarch held by the APPO. The march began peacefully, but the situation turned violent when the police responded with tear gas and rubber bullets as protesters attempted to encircle the city's zócalo. It is unclear who instigated the violence, but the clash quickly spread through the city as protesters fought back with rocks and homemade PVC rockets. Police took the APPO encampment in the Santo Domingo plaza and arrested more than 160 people. Many APPO supporters were hospitalized, and the deaths of three protesters were reported but remain unconfirmed. On Saturday, and continuing on Sunday, November 26, fires were set by the protesters to numerous vehicles, and fires also destroyed or damaged four buildings housing government offices (including a tax and court office), one university building, and an office building of a local trade association. Three hotels were also attacked, and some local businesses were looted. On Monday, November 27, 2006, the Chief of the Federal Police, Ardelio Vargas, stated that they would no longer have any more tolerance for the APPO. "There will be no more tolerance (...) those who go against the law will have their punishment. The warrants and orders of arrest are not ordered by the police, but by local and federal judges", he said. Efforts have been made to follow through on these threats as movement leaders have been arrested and organizational offices have been raided. After indications that the APPO would assemble at the State University Campus following the weekends confrontations, Vargas said that "there will be no violation of the autonomy of the University" In the following days the APPO removed the last of their barricades from the city and turned over control of the university radio station to the rector, citing lack of security. APPO leaders have gone into hiding, claiming a repressive crackdown by state authorities against those involved in the movement. The police have been accused of arresting teachers out of classrooms, beating detainees and false arrests. December 2006 On Monday, December 4, hours after he said at a news conference in Mexico City that he had gone to the capital to negotiate a peaceful solution, Flavio Sosa was arrested by police on charges related to the barricades, vandalism and irregular detentions carried out by some protesters. Sosa's brother, Horacio, and two other men were also arrested on unspecified charges. Flavio Sosa's heavy-set, bearded presence became an emblem of APPO. After his arrest, the PRD, through their speaker, Gerardo Fernandez Noroña, revealed that Sosa was a member of the party's National Council and said that this obliged them to assume Sosa's legal defense. The following week, the federal police seized armament from Oaxaca's State Police and said that local forces were under investigation based on accusations of murder that the APPO made against them. The APPO reported that the federal government offered to not detain any other members of their movement. Ulises Ruiz At the heart of the continuing conflict are attitudes towards the state's governor, Ulises Ruiz, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party which governed Mexico for most of the 20th century, but which now is a minority in a nation where political power resides in 3 main parties. However, the main power struggle is between the rightist National Action Party and the leftist Democratic Revolutionary Party, leaving the Institutional Revolutionary Party free to form coalitions with one of the two parties. Ruiz is a polemical figure whom opponents accuse of stealing his 2004 election, suppressing the freedom of the press, destruction of public spaces and historical monuments in the city, and repression of political opponents. Protestors argue that the constitution gives the central government the power under certain circumstances to remove a sitting governor; the Senate of the Republic, voted on the issue and decided that those "special circumstances" are not to be found in Oaxaca. As the conflict in Oaxaca has grown more intractable, outside pressure on Ruiz to resign has grown, but he has not shown signs of budging. The senate has blamed both the governor and the APPO for the violence that originated in the state, while the business group Coparmex in the state of Puebla and the then Secretary of the Interior Carlos Abascal have called for his resignation or blamed him for the conflict. The APPO has made his resignation or removal their one non-negotiable demand before they will agree to end the conflict. See also Autonomous Municipality of San Juan Copala San Juan Copala Zapatista Army of National Liberation References Anarchism in Mexico Education strikes 2006 protests Protests in Mexico Oaxaca City Politics of Oaxaca 2006 in Mexico Vicente Fox Political scandals in Mexico Conflicts in 2006 Politics of Mexico Labour disputes in Mexico
HackThisSite.org, commonly referred to as HTS, is an online hacking and security website founded by Jeremy Hammond. The site is maintained by members of the community after he left the organization. It aims to provide users with a way to learn and practice basic and advanced "hacking" skills through a series of challenges in a safe and legal environment. The organization has a user base of over a million, though the number of active members is believed to be much lower. The most users online at the same time was 19,950 on February5, 2018 at . HackThisSite involves a small, loose team of developers and moderators who maintain its website, IRC server, and related projects. It produces an e-zine which it releases at various hacker conventions and through its hackbloc portal. Hard copies of the magazine are published by Microcosm and Quimbys. It also has a short news/blog section run by developers. IRC and forums HackThisSite is known for its IRC network, where many users converse on a plethora of topics ranging from current events to technical issues with programming and Unix-based operating systems. Mostly, the HackThisSite IRC network serves as a social gathering of like-minded people to discuss anything. Although there are many channels on the IRC network, the main channel, #hackthissite, has a +R flag which requires users to register their nick before they may join the channel. This requirement helps reduce botnets in the main channel, because they would have to register every nick. Following the split from its former sister site CriticalSecurity.Net, HackThisSite retained one main set of forums. The Hackbloc forums also had many HackThisSite users involved, but they were taken down. Before the split, the CriticalSecurity.net forums had most HTS discussion, specifically related to help with the challenges on the site as well as basic hacking questions. The Hackbloc forums were more for focused hacktivist discussion as well as a place for people to discuss news and plan future projects. Many people criticize the forums as being too beginner-focused compared to IRC, most likely because many new users visit the forums to ask for help with the challenges. HackThisSite is taking steps to try to attract more qualified users to its forums. Members contribute original texts to the articles area of the site. This area is broken down into different sections on a range of topics. Some of these sections include Ethics, HTS Challenge Tutorials, and Political Activism. The topics covered in these articles range widely in complexity. Topics range from walkthroughs for the missions provided by HackThisSite, to articles regarding advanced techniques in a plethora of programming languages. Mission challenges HackThisSite is also host to a series of "missions" aimed at simulating real world hacks. These range from ten basic missions where one attempts to exploit relatively simple server-side scripting errors, to difficult programming and application cracking missions. The missions work on a system of points where users are awarded scores based on their completion of missions. In general, the missions become steadily more difficult as the user advances through a particular mission category. Basic and realistic challenges The Web hacking challenges includes eleven Basic Web Challenges. Each challenge consists of an authentication page with a password entry box, plus other files which are to be exploited or attacked in order to gain the correct password. Successful authentication to the main challenge page will advance the user to the next challenge. These challenges are typically considered simple and are used as an introduction to hacking. There are sixteen Realistic Missions which attempt to mimic real, moderate to difficult hacking, in real life situations. Each mission is a complete web site featuring multiple pages and scripts. Users must successfully exploit one or more of the web sites pages to gain access to required data or to produce changes. Programming missions A Programming Challenges section also exists. This section currently consists of twelve challenges charging the user to write a program which will perform a specified function within a certain number of seconds after activation. These programming challenges range from simple missions such as parsing the contents, to reverse-engineering an encryption algorithm. These help users develop and practice on-the-go programming skills. Application missions The goal of application challenges is generally to extract a key from an application, which usually involves some form of reverse-engineering. Other challenges involve program manipulation. New missions More recently, HTS came out with logic challenges, which moo, HTS's official bot, proclaimed were "not meant as a challenge to overcome like the rest of HTS challenges." Instead, the logic challenges were meant to be overcome by the participant alone from solving. In April 2009, they were disabled and all points earned from logic challenges were removed. Reasons included concern that the answers could have been easily found elsewhere on the internet. Likewise, the "extended basic" missions are of recent creation. These are designed to be code review missions where partakers learn how to read code and search for flaws. A set of 10 easter eggs hidden around HTS were known as the "HTS missions." For example, one of these "missions" was the fake Admin Panel. Developers later decided to remove HTS easter eggs, as some allowed XSS and SQL exploits and many members submitted false bug reports as a result. Steganography missions Steganography missions are also available on the website. The goal in these missions is to extract the hidden message from the media file provided. There are 17 steganography missions available. Controversy There has been criticism that HackThisSite's self-description as a "hacker training ground" encourages people to break the law. Many people related to the site state that although some of the skills taught can be used for illegal activities, HackThisSite does not participate in or support such activities. Despite this, several individual members have been arrested and convicted for illegal activity (most notably Jeremy Hammond, founder of HackThisSite). phpBB/HowDark incident In November 2004 the (now defunct) HackThisSite-based HowDark Security Group notified the phpBB Group, makers of the phpBB bulletin software, of a serious vulnerability in the product. The vulnerability was kept under wraps while it was brought to the attention of the phpBB admins, who after reviewing, proceeded to downplay its risks. Unhappy with the Groups' failure to take action, HowDark then published the bug on the bugtraq mailing-list. Malicious users found and exploited the vulnerability which led to the takedown of several phpBB-based bulletin boards and websites. Only then did the admins take notice and release a fix. Slowness to patch the vulnerability by end-users led to an implementation of the exploit in the Perl/Santy worm (read full article) which defaced upwards of 40,000 websites and bulletin boards within a few hours of its release. Protest Warrior incident On March 17, 2005, Jeremy Hammond, the founder of HackThisSite, was arrested following an FBI investigation into an alleged hacking of conservative political activist group Protest Warrior. His apartment was raided by the Chicago FBI, and all electronic equipment was seized. The federal government claimed that a select group of HackThisSite hackers gained access to the Protest Warrior user database, procured user credit-card information and conspired to run scripts that would automatically wire money to a slew of non-profit organizations. The plot was uncovered when a hacker said to have been disgruntled with the progress of the activities turned informant. Internal problems Administrators, developers, and moderators on HackThisSite are arranged in a democratic but highly anarchical fashion. This structure appears to work at most times. When disputes arise, however, loyalties tend to become very confusing. Therefore, HackThisSite has had a long history of administrators, developers, and moderators turning darkside or severely impairing or completely taking down the site. In the last major attack to occur, several blackhat dissidents gained root-level access to the website and proceeded to "rm -rf" the entire site. Subsequently, HTS was down for months as a result. See also Hacker (computer security) Hacktivism References External links Official Website CriticalSecurity.Net Hacking (computer security) Computing websites
Retrenchment is a technique associated with Formal Methods that was introduced to address some of the perceived limitations of formal, model based refinement, for situations in which refinement might be regarded as desirable in principle, but turned out to be unusable, or nearly unusable, in practice. It was primarily developed at the School of Computer Science, University of Manchester. The most up to date perspective is in the ACM TOSEM article below. External links The Retrenchment Homepage R. Banach, Graded Refinement, Retrenchment and Simulation, ACM Trans. Soft. Eng. Meth., 32, 1-69 (2023) Formal methods Software development philosophies Department of Computer Science, University of Manchester
Bookmaking software provides a start-to-finish, self-publishing solution for end users. It combines the design capabilities of desktop publishing software applications with the connectivity of Web-based applications to seamlessly link desktop computers to remote digital printers, as well as online and offline distribution channels and commerce platforms. This type of software application is made possible by digital printing, which enables smaller numbers of books to be printed on demand, as well as broadband and Web-based technology, which make it possible for larger amounts of data (e.g., software programs, files) to be distributed over a network. While self-publishing is not new, the trend is being fueled by growing popularity of “participatory media” (such as social networking sites and blogs), which enable people to increasingly contribute to the media they consume. See also Desktop publishing BookSmart References Desktop publishing software
William R. Deller OAM (born 3 November 1943 in Williamstown, Victoria) is a former Australian rules football field umpire and administrator who officiated over 200 matches in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 1967 to 1981, and then served as Director of Umpiring from 1982 to 1997. Early years Born and raised in Williamstown, Deller began his football involvement with the Williamstown Football Club, as his father was a player and later trainer there. Deller played football and cricket at school and for local clubs Spotswood and Kingsville. He was encouraged to try his hand at the whistle after a friend recommended he attend the VFL's umpiring summer school for umpires. After graduating, Deller began his umpiring career in 1963 in the Dandenong juniors. By 1965, he was umpiring in the VFL reserves. His talent was recognized by observers, but questions remained about his fitness. At this time, Deller was still playing cricket in the summer. As a result, he lacked the endurance that a strong pre-season running program would have provided. Deller decided to concentrate on football, but was able to maintain his cricket commitments with the then Victorian Football League Umpires Association (VFLUA) club. Embarking on a training program with former VFL boundary umpire Arthur Cook, Deller's fitness and endurance improved significantly. By 1967, he was ready to umpire in the senior grade. VFL umpiring career Deller made his VFL senior grade debut in round 17 of the 1967 VFL season in a match between Essendon and Footscray at Windy Hill, a match in which the police attempted to arrest the Essendon runner, whom they mistook for a pitch invader from the crowd. Deller umpired his first finals match in 1971 – the second semi final between Hawthorn and St Kilda. He umpired his first Grand Final the following year between Carlton and Richmond. In 1974, Deller suffered a severe back injury which ruled him out for the entire season. He returned to action midway through the 1975 VFL season, and in 1976 was appointed along with Kevin Smith to co-umpire the Grand Final. This was the first Grand Final to be run by two field umpires. Deller retired from umpiring at the end of the 1981 VFL season. In total he umpired 251 senior VFL matches. This included 20 finals matches, five of which were Grand Finals. Director of Umpiring Immediately after retirement, Deller replaced Harry Beitzel as the part-time VFL Director of Umpiring. From 1987 to 1997, he was the Australian Football League (AFL) National Director of Umpiring. During his time in charge, Deller oversaw a series of major changes including: The establishment of formalized courses of national accreditation for all categories of umpires in Australian rules football; The introduction of a third field umpire; and The introduction of video evidence to assist with player reports and tribunal hearings. In recognition of his on-field and off-field achievements, Deller has received numerous awards, including life membership of the AFL Umpires Association in 1975 and the AFL in 1993. In 1995, he was awarded the Order of Australia Medal for his services to Australian rules football. Deller was one of the first umpires to be inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996. References External links AFL Hall of Fame – Umpires Australian Football Hall of Fame inductees Australian Football League umpires Spotswood Football Club players 1943 births Living people VFL/AFL administrators Sportspeople from Melbourne People from Williamstown, Victoria
Liz Clarke is an American sportswriter. Currently a sportswriter for The Washington Post, she has covered the sport of NASCAR for The Charlotte Observer, Dallas Morning News, USA Today and The Post. She currently covers the Georgetown Hoyas men's college basketball team for the Washington Post. Career Over the course of her career, she has twice been honored as NASCAR's top print journalist with the Russ Catlin Award for Excellence in Motorsports Journalism (1996 and 2003). Her first book, One Helluva Ride: How NASCAR Swept the Nation, was released on February 12, 2008. In the book, Clarke brings people closer to the sport and business of NASCAR. Clarke chronicled NASCAR's transition from regional obsession to national phenomenon; while also profiling the sport's dynasties, the Allisons, Pettys and Earnhardts. Clarke spent four seasons as a Washington Redskins beat writer for The Post, and has written extensively about the Olympics, tennis and college sports. Clarke is also a weekly "side-chick" on The Tony Kornheiser Show, and serves as Mr. Tony's motorsports translator. She is an occasional panelist on Comcast SportsNet’s Washington Post Live, an interactive sports roundtable covering the stories, trends and topics in the news and on the minds of sports fans throughout the Mid-Atlantic area. Education and personal life A graduate of New York City’s Barnard College in 1983, Clarke lives in Washington, D.C. References Year of birth missing (living people) Living people American women sportswriters Barnard College alumni Place of birth missing (living people) American women non-fiction writers 21st-century American women
Xenomai is a real-time development software framework cooperating with the Linux kernel to provide pervasive, interface-agnostic, hard real-time computing support to user space application software seamlessly integrated into the Linux environment. The Xenomai project was launched in August 2001. In 2003, it merged with the Real-Time Application Interface (RTAI) project to produce RTAI/fusion, a real-time free software platform for Linux on Xenomai's abstract real-time operating system (RTOS) core. Eventually, the RTAI/fusion effort became independent from RTAI in 2005 as the Xenomai project. Xenomai is based on an abstract RTOS core, usable for building any kind of real-time interface, over a nucleus which exports a set of generic RTOS services. Any number of RTOS personalities called “skins” can then be built over the nucleus, providing their own specific interface to the applications, by using the services of a single generic core to implement it. Xenomai vs. RTAI Many differences exist between Xenomai and RTAI, though both projects share a few ideas and support the RTDM layer. The major differences derive from the goals the projects aim for, and from their respective implementation. While RTAI is focused on lowest technically feasible latencies, Xenomai also considers clean extensibility (RTOS skins), portability, and maintainability as very important goals. Xenomai's path towards Ingo Molnár's PREEMPT_RT support is another major difference compared to RTAI's objectives. See also Adaptive Domain Environment for Operating Systems (Adeos) RTAI References External links Radboud Univ. - Xenomai see the Xenomai exercises Real-time operating systems
Juan Antonio Arguelles Rius (November 2, 1978 – June 3, 2007), also known as Arguru (sometimes Argu), was a prolific music software programmer and electronic musician, producer and songwriter, responsible for such applications as NoiseTrekker and Directwave. Worked for the company discoDSP and was later hired by Image-Line and involved in the development of Deckadance and FL Studio 7. Arguru died in a car accident on June 3, 2007. Biography Juan Antonio Arguelles was born on November 2, 1978, in Málaga, Spain. In 1997, Arguru started out as one of the most productive plugin developers of the Jeskola buzz-scene. In 2000, he and Frank Cobos (known as "Freaky") began mixing psytrance as a duo in Malaga under the name Alienated Buddha. They released the album Inpsyde on Out of Orion in February 2002. In May 2000 he created Psycle until version 1.0, which he then released into the public domain. Arguru worked for the software company discoDSP with George Reales since July 2002. discoDSP is known for developing audio plugins such as Discovery, Discovery Pro, Vertigo, Bliss, Phantom and Corona. Discovery is notable for being the first commercial VSTi plugin that was available on both Windows and Linux. He left the company in 2004 to begin working for Image-Line. While at Image-Line, he contributed to the development of FL Studio and was the primary programmer for the DJ software Deckadance, released in 2007. Other projects Aodix 1,2 and 3 were basic sequencer programs that used the amiga style "tracker" interface, with an integrated sampler and integrated synth that were progressively dropped in favor of a VST host. Aodix 4 is a digital audio workstation program that is advertised as "the ultimate bridge between tracking and sequencing", co-authored with Zafer Kantar, and with the participation of Paul Merchant and Marc De Haar. Aodix 4 brought several innovative technologies to trackers such as pattern zoom and subtick timing and VST support with modular routing. Aodix 4 was a commercial software at its first release, but was re-released as freeware after the death of Juan Antonio. NoiseTrekker was a Windows tracker with MIDI, internal synth, 2 TB303s and DSP support featuring a classic amiga-style interface. NoiseTrekker code was used as a basis for the first version of Renoise, one of the most modern and actively developed music trackers. Psycle is a complete modular music creation environment with a tracker interface. Versions up to 1.0 were created by Arguru. After that it was released into the public domain, development was continued by other people. Current versions are released under GNU GPL and available for all major platforms. Death On June 3, 2007, near the city of Benalmádena (Málaga, Spain), Arguru was driving when he lost control and crashed into an RV, dying in the accident. His funeral was on June 4, 2007, in the park cemetery of Malaga. The whole music software community was appalled by Arguru's unexpected death, and showed their strong support to Arguru's relatives. Discography Inpsyde by Alienated Buddha (Out of Orion, 2002) Legacy In 2007, deadmau5 and Chris Lake wrote a song titled "Arguru" for the album Random Album Title in memory of Arguru. References External links discoDSP Arguru software Psycle's official community Official free repository of his songs composed with Psycle Spanish electronic musicians 1978 births 2007 deaths 20th-century Spanish musicians Road incident deaths in Spain
Panix is the third-oldest ISP in the world after The World and NetCom. Originally running on A/UX on an Apple Macintosh IIfx, Panix has gone through a number of transitions as the Internet has grown. It maintains a vibrant community of shell users and posters to its private panix.* USENET newsgroups. Panix was started as a commercial venture to fill the void created after New York City's primary USENET connected public access system (which was donation supported), The Big Electric Cat, ceased operations. Today, Panix is a full-service provider, offering V-Colo virtual personal servers (VPS), mailboxes and other email services, assorted domain services, web hosting, real and virtual colocation, Internet access (T3s, T1s, SDSL, ADSL, and national dialup), and web programming and network consulting services. Panix also specializes in Unix shell access, from anywhere on the Internet, anywhere in the world. Panix is a vocal supporter of free speech and uncensored internet access. Network security incidents Panix was one of the first sites to identify the 1996 SYN flood Denial of service. In 2005, the "panix.com" domain name was hijacked over a (US) long holiday weekend. References External links Panix Internet service providers of the United States History of the Internet
Freeman-Walter-Abele is a now outdated judicial test in United States patent law. It came from three decisions of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals—In re Freeman, 573 F.2d 1237 (C.C.P.A. 1978), In re Walter, 618 F.2d 758 (C.C.P.A. 1980); and In re Abele, 684 F.2d 902 (C.C.P.A. 1982) —which attempted to comply with then-recent decisions of the Supreme Court concerning software-related patent claims. Overview The test was used to determine whether a patent claim was directed entirely to mathematical principles or algorithms, which are not patentable subject matter. The aim of the test was to allow claims that do not attempt to monopolize traditionally patent ineligible subject matter, such as mathematics, thinking, and laws of nature. Though primarily concerned with mathematical algorithms the test has some applicability in all subject matter discussions. Its use peaked in 1994 with In re Schrader. Its use then faded, to be replaced by the now also superseded "useful, concrete, and tangible result" test of In re Alappat. The current legal test for patent eligibility is stated in the Supreme Court's decisions in Bilski v. Kappos, Mayo v. Prometheus, and Alice v. CLS Bank. Development from Freeman test The Freeman test was: First, it must be determined whether the claim directly or indirectly recites an "algorithm" in the Benson sense of that term, for a claim which fails even to recite an algorithm clearly cannot wholly preempt an algorithm. Second, the claim must be further analyzed to ascertain whether in its entirety it wholly preempts that algorithm. In Freeman the invention was a system for typesetting alphanumeric information, using a computer-based control system in conjunction with a photo-typesetter of conventional design. The invention was: ... three signal-processing steps. First, the input codes are read, and a tree structure of symbols representing the mathematical expression is built. Second, the signals specifying the relative concatenation point positions of the symbols are composed by application of the local positioning algorithm. Third, an image of the expression, with all symbols in proper position, is generated on the CRT or other output device. The court limited the term "algorithm" to mathematical algorithms or formulas. The court did not consider Freeman's step to be a formula or algorithm, and therefore reversed the PTO's claim rejections. In Walter, the invention was a system for processing seismic "chirp" signals by mathematical procedures. The PTO asked the court to reconsider the second Freeman step, which the PTO asserted conflicted with the Supreme Court's Flook case. The court stated that the second Freeman step "involves examination of the claim 'to ascertain whether in its entirety it wholly preempts [the] algorithm.'" The court said it would rephrase "the second step of the Freeman test in terms other than preemption." The new version was: If it appears that the mathematical algorithm is implemented in a specific manner to define structural relationships between the physical elements of the claim (in apparatus claims) or to refine or limit claim steps (in process claims), the claim being otherwise statutory, the claim passes muster under § 101. If, however, the mathematical algorithm is merely presented and solved by the claimed invention, as was the case in Benson and Flook, and is not applied in any manner to physical elements or process steps, no amount of post-solution activity will render the claim statutory; nor is it saved by a preamble merely reciting the field of use of the mathematical algorithm. Furthermore, "if the end-product of a claimed invention is a pure number, as in Benson and Flook, the invention is non-statutory regardless of any post-solution activity which makes it available for use by a person or machine for other purposes." On the other hand, if the product invention produces a physical thing," such as a seismic trace, it could be patented. The court evaluated the claimed invention and decided that it was just a calculation and therefore patent ineligible. Finally in Abele the invention was a system for processing CAT-scan signals. Once again, the court addressed and refined the second step of the analysis. The court said that the applicants appealing from the PTO's rejection had a valid point when they complained that the test set out two extreme ends of a spectrum and then failed to "provide a useful tool for analyzing claims in the 'gray area' which falls between the two ends of that spectrum." Now, the court reformulated the test in these terms: Walter should be read as requiring no more than that the algorithm be "applied in any manner to physical elements or process steps," provided that its application is circumscribed by more than a field of use limitation or non-essential post-solution activity. Thus, if the claim would be "otherwise statutory," albeit inoperative or less useful without the algorithm, the claim likewise presents statutory subject matter when the algorithm is included. This broad reading of Walter, we conclude, is in accord with the Supreme Court decisions. Final Freeman-Walter-Abele test The final version of the test has two parts. First, determining whether the claim recites an algorithm within the meaning of Benson. Second, determining whether the algorithm is "applied in any manner to physical elements or process steps" per In re Abele. Under the final version of the Freeman-Walter-Abele test, any placement of any conventional obvious apparatus in the claim seemed to be enough for the court to find the subject matter patent eligible. In one case, a ROM for storing numerical squares was sufficient. This state of affairs was burlesqued in the mythical "Case of the Automated Substance Spreader," a computerized system for spreading fertilizer. Decline This test was largely done away with by the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit with In re Alappat . Now, the result became most important. If a mathematical algorithm produced a "useful, concrete and tangible result" the claim was statutory subject matter. Thus by the later 1990s in cases such as AT&T Corp. v. Excel Communications, Inc. in 1999 and other similar cases, it became no longer to require presence of physical hardware elements. The Freeman-Walter-Abele test was repudiated in 1998 in State Street Bank, which described it as having "little, if any, applicability to determining the presence of statutory subject matter." However, it continued to have use in the patent office, which viewed it as much the same as the "practical application" and "useful, concrete and tangible results" tests. Death It became clear in the In re Alappat case that a majority of the Federal Circuit had lost patience with the complexity of the Freeman-Walter-Abele test, but Chief Judge Nies and Judge Archer dissented from this step. The two Trovato decisions highlighted the difference in opinion. The original Trovato panel decision used the Freeman-Walter-Abele test to find that Trovato's claims were ineligible "abstract ideas." The vacatur order did not give any reason why the original opinion by Judge Nies was incorrect. No subsequent Federal Circuit opinion was based on the Freeman-Walter-Abele test. The Federal Circuit then turned to the less complex "useful, concrete, and tangible result" test, but turned away from it in In re Bilski, which adopted a modified version of the Freeman-Walter-Abele test, known as the "machine-or-transformation test." On appeal of In re Bilski, in Bilski v. Kappos, and then in two subsequent cases, Mayo v. Prometheus and Alice v. CLS Bank, the Supreme Court held that the machine-or-transformation test was only a "useful clue" to patent eligibility and specified a two-step patent eligibility test in which the court first had to determine whether the patent claim under analysis was directed to an abstract principle and, if so, whether the principle was implemented in an inventive rather than conventional manner, as prescribed in Flook. See also Software patents under United States patent law Diamond v. Diehr Gottschalk v.Benson Parker v. Flook State Street Bank v. Signature Financial Group In re Abele In re Bilski Notes Software patent case law American legal terminology United States patent case law United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit cases
Umesh Virkumar Vazirani is an Indian–American academic who is the Roger A. Strauch Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley, and the director of the Berkeley Quantum Computation Center. His research interests lie primarily in quantum computing. He is also a co-author of a textbook on algorithms. Biography Vazirani received a BS from MIT in 1981 and received his Ph.D. in 1986 from UC Berkeley under the supervision of Manuel Blum. He is the brother of University of California, Irvine professor Vijay Vazirani. Research Vazirani is one of the founders of the field of quantum computing. His 1993 paper with his student Ethan Bernstein on quantum complexity theory defined a model of quantum Turing machines which was amenable to complexity based analysis. This paper also gave an algorithm for the quantum Fourier transform, which was then used by Peter Shor within a year in his celebrated quantum algorithm for factoring integers. With Charles Bennett, Ethan Bernstein, and Gilles Brassard, he showed that quantum computers cannot solve black-box search problems faster than in the number of elements to be searched. This result shows that the Grover search algorithm is optimal. It also shows that quantum computers cannot solve NP-complete problems in polynomial time using only the certifier. Awards and honors In 2005, both Vazirani and his brother Vijay Vazirani were inducted as Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery, Umesh for "contributions to theoretical computer science and quantum computation" and his brother Vijay for his work on approximation algorithms. Vazirani was awarded the Fulkerson Prize for 2012 for his work on improving the approximation ratio for graph separators and related problems (jointly with Satish Rao and Sanjeev Arora). In 2018, he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. Selected publications . A preliminary version of this paper was also published in STOC '87. . . . References External links Web page at UC Berkeley Year of birth missing (living people) Living people Indian emigrants to the United States Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery Theoretical computer scientists 20th-century Indian mathematicians 21st-century Indian mathematicians 20th-century American mathematicians 21st-century American mathematicians University of California, Berkeley alumni UC Berkeley College of Engineering faculty American people of Sindhi descent Sindhi people American academics of Indian descent Quantum information scientists American textbook writers
GlueGen is a Java tool which automatically generates the Java and Java Native Interface (JNI) code needed to call C libraries from Java code. It reads in ANSI C header files and GlueGen configuration files, and emits C code. As JNI can be complex, Gluegen simplifies the process of binding Java to C native libraries. It was originally developed for Java OpenGL (JOGL), a Java OpenGL library, although the project has since been separated so it can be used with other libraries. As of 2010, it is also used in Java OpenAL (JOAL), which allows Java code to access OpenAL libraries. Use of GlueGen in JOGL For JOGL, GlueGen is used to bind OpenGL to Java, and to the low-level windowing system application programming interface (APIs) on the Microsoft Windows, X Window System and Mac OS X platforms. See also SWIG is another free computer software tool used to connect programs written in C/C++ with various scripting languages, and to C# and Java. Glue code External links GlueGen's API GlueGen's Manual GlueGen Native Data & Function Mapping for Java™ Java platform Application programming interfaces
In network routing, the control plane is the part of the router architecture that is concerned with drawing the network topology, or the information in a routing table that defines what to do with incoming packets. Control plane functions, such as participating in routing protocols, run in the architectural control element. In most cases, the routing table contains a list of destination addresses and the outgoing interface(s) associated with each. Control plane logic also can identify certain packets to be discarded, as well as preferential treatment of certain packets for which a high quality of service is defined by such mechanisms as differentiated services. Depending on the specific router implementation, there may be a separate forwarding information base that is populated by the control plane, but used by the high-speed forwarding plane to look up packets and decide how to handle them. In computing, the control plane is the part of the software that configures and shuts down the data plane. By contrast, the data plane is the part of the software that processes the data requests. The data plane is also sometimes referred to as the forwarding plane. The distinction has proven useful in the networking field where it originated, as it separates the concerns: the data plane is optimized for speed of processing, and for simplicity and regularity. The control plane is optimized for customizability, handling policies, handling exceptional situations, and in general facilitating and simplifying the data plane processing. The conceptual separation of the data plane from the control plane has been done for years. An early example is Unix, where the basic file operations are open, close for the control plane and read write for the data plane. Building the unicast routing table A major function of the control plane is deciding which routes go into the main routing table. "Main" refers to the table that holds the unicast routes that are active. Multicast routing may require an additional routing table for multicast routes. Several routing protocols e.g. IS-IS, OSPF and BGP maintain internal databases of candidate routes which are promoted when a route fails or when a routing policy is changed. Several different information sources may provide information about a route to a given destination, but the router must select the "best" route to install into the routing table. In some cases, there may be multiple routes of equal "quality", and the router may install all of them and load-share across them. Sources of routing information There are three general sources of routing information: Information on the status of directly connected hardware and software-defined interfaces Manually configured static routes Information from (dynamic) routing protocols Local interface information Routers forward traffic that enters on an input interface and leaves on an output interface, subject to filtering and other local rules. While routers usually forward from one physical (e.g., Ethernet, serial) to another physical interface, it is also possible to define multiple logical interfaces on a physical interface. A physical Ethernet interface, for example, can have logical interfaces in several virtual LANs defined by IEEE 802.1Q VLAN headers. When an interface has an address configured in a subnet, such as 192.0.2.1 in the 192.0.2.0/24 (i.e., subnet mask 255.255.255.0) subnet, and that interface is considered "up" by the router, the router thus has a directly connected route to 192.0.2.0/24. If a routing protocol offered another router's route to that same subnet, the routing table installation software will normally ignore the dynamic route and prefer the directly connected route. There also may be software-only interfaces on the router, which it treats as if they were locally connected. For example, most implementations have a "null" software-defined interface. Packets having this interface as a next hop will be discarded, which can be a very efficient way to filter traffic. Routers usually can route traffic faster than they can examine it and compare it to filters, so, if the criterion for discarding is the packet's destination address, "blackholing" the traffic will be more efficient than explicit filters. Other software defined interfaces that are treated as directly connected, as long as they are active, are interfaces associated with tunneling protocols such as Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) or Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS). Loopback interfaces are virtual interfaces that are considered directly connected interfaces. Static routes Router configuration rules may contain static routes. A static route minimally has a destination address, a prefix length or subnet mask, and a definition where to send packets for the route. That definition can refer to a local interface on the router, or a next-hop address that could be on the far end of a subnet to which the router is connected. The next-hop address could also be on a subnet that is directly connected, and, before the router can determine if the static route is usable, it must do a recursive lookup of the next hop address in the local routing table. If the next-hop address is reachable, the static route is usable, but if the next-hop is unreachable, the route is ignored. Static routes also may have preference factors used to select the best static route to the same destination. One application is called a floating static route, where the static route is less preferred than a route from any routing protocol. The static route, which might use a dialup link or other slow medium, activates only when the dynamic routing protocol(s) cannot provide a route to the destination. Static routes that are more preferred than any dynamic route also can be very useful, especially when using traffic engineering principles to make certain traffic go over a specific path with an engineered quality of service. Dynamic routing protocols See routing protocols. The routing table manager, according to implementation and configuration rules, may select a particular route or routes from those advertised by various routing protocols. Installing unicast routes Different implementations have different sets of preferences for routing information, and these are not standardized among IP routers. It is fair to say that subnets on directly connected active interfaces are always preferred. Beyond that, however, there will be differences. Implementers generally have a numerical preference, which Cisco calls an "administrative distance", for route selection. The lower the preference, the more desirable the route. Cisco's IOS implementation makes exterior BGP the most preferred source of dynamic routing information, while Nortel RS makes intra-area OSPF most preferred. The general order of selecting routes to install is: If the route is not in the routing table, install it. If the route is "more specific" than an existing route, install it in addition to the existing routes. "More specific" means that it has a longer prefix. A /28 route, with a subnet mask of 255.255.255.240, is more specific than a /24 route, with a subnet mask of 255.255.255.0. If the route is of equal specificity to a route already in the routing table, but comes from a more preferred source of routing information, replace the route in the table. If the route is of equal specificity to a route in the routing table, yet comes from a source of the same preference, Discard it if the route has a higher metric than the existing route Replace the existing route if the new route has a lower metric If the routes are of equal metric and the router supports load-sharing, add the new route and designate it as part of a load-sharing group. Typically, implementations will support a maximum number of routes that load-share to the same destination. If that maximum is already in the table, the new route is usually dropped. Routing table vs. forwarding information base See forwarding plane for more detail, but each implementation has its own means of updating the forwarding information base (FIB) with new routes installed in the routing table. If the FIB is in one-to-one correspondence with the RIB, the new route is installed in the FIB after it is in the RIB. If the FIB is smaller than the RIB, and the FIB uses a hash table or other data structure that does not easily update, the existing FIB might be invalidated and replaced with a new one computed from the updated RIB. Multicast routing tables Multicast routing builds on unicast routing. Each multicast group to which the local router can route has a multicast routing table entry with a next hop for the group, rather than for a specific destination as in unicast routing. There can be multicast static routes as well as learning dynamic multicast routes from a protocol such as Protocol Independent Multicast (PIM). See also Management plane Data plane References Internet architecture
FactSet Research Systems Inc., trading as FactSet, is an American financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut, United States. The company provides integrated data and software. For fiscal year 2023, FactSet's total ASV and professional services revenues were $2.09 billion. FactSet's total market value is approximately $15 billion. FactSet provides client support & learning, implementation services, business advisory, data delivery, index services, portfolio data management, and transition services. FactSet's competitors include Bloomberg L.P., Refinitiv, and S&P Global. History 1977–1980 FactSet was founded by Howard Wille and Chuck Snyder in 1978. Their partnership began in 1977 when the two worked on Wall Street at Faulkner, Dawkins & Sullivan. As computers became more prominent at the end of the 1970s, Wille and Snyder thought the industry was changing. When Shearson purchased Faulkner, Dawkins & Sullivan and the company started to expand, Wille and Snyder decided to set out on their own and test their idea for a company that could deliver computer-based financial information. At the time, companies had to purchase raw data directly from a vendor such as Compustat, then hire programmers to make the data user-friendly. Wille and Snyder's vision would offer usable data directly to the client. Originally, all data was delivered to clients on papers, often by bike messenger. The first and namesake product was a program called "Company FactSet," which produced a four-page company analysis report using the Value Line database. Today, FactSet users connect to FactSet's private network via WAN, Internet, and wireless devices. 1981–1989 In the early 1980s, FactSet employees numbered fewer than 10. In 1981, Snyder found a way to download data from the FactSet computer into Visicalc, meaning that clients could retrieve data from a database directly into a spreadsheet. For the first time, several steps in the process were eliminated, making the data download process dramatically quicker. In 1984, FactSet added limited screening capabilities, which were expanded in 1988 with the introduction of Universal Screening, which allowed users to stipulate their own screening criteria. Another development during the 1980s was the 1989 release of the company's Private Database Service. Users could now store proprietary data and integrate it with their own information to perform custom analysis. Former Chairman Philip A. Hadley joined the company as a consultant in 1985. 1990–2000 In 1990, FactSet for Windows was released. That same year, company headquarters moved from New York City to Greenwich, CT. A London office opened in 1993, the first in Europe. The first Asia-Pacific office opened in Tokyo in 1995. By the end of 1995, FactSet had fewer than 400 customers, but they included 84 of the United States' top investment managers. The company also changed its name in June 1995, becoming FactSet Research Systems Inc. in preparation for becoming a public company. The company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in 1996 under the symbol FDS. In 1997, the company released Portfolio Management Workstation, followed a year later by the Economic Analysis and Company Explorer applications. The product became easier to use in 1998, with the release of the DIRECTIONS interface and the addition of Online Assistant, a web-based help and reference tool. FactSet introduced 24-hour live telephone support in 1999. Wille retired as CEO and chairman in May 2000, and Snyder stepped in as CEO on an interim basis, serving until September of that year, when Hadley was named the new CEO and chairman. 2000–2009 In the early 2000s, new products included a portfolio returns product, SPAR (Style, Performance and Risk), that allowed portfolio managers to analyze the risks and performance of their own funds as well as compare them with peer funds; the Data Central application, which allowed subscribers to create and save their own time-series databases; and Marquee, which combined real-time news and stock quotes with security-level analysis. In 2004, the company's sell-side platform, IBCentral, was released. Also in 2004, the company relocated headquarters and consolidated its three Connecticut offices to Norwalk, CT. Sales topped the $200 million mark for the first time in 2002 and $500 million in 2008. In 2008, FactSet acquired a copy of the Thomson Reuters WorldScope database, which it develops and markets as FactSet Fundamentals. 2009–2015 In 2009, FactSet combined its DIRECTIONS, Marquee, and IBCentral platforms into one product, called FactSet. The platform combined the features of the previous platforms with new shared online workspaces and faster analytics. Also in 2009, FactSet integrated Data Explorers short selling data on the Factset Research Systems analytics platform. In January 2010, FactSet and FirstRain announced a partnership that would allow FactSet clients to access FirstRain's web research engine that finds, filters, and analyzes unstructured business data available online. In June 2008, FactSet completed the acquisition of the Thomson Fundamentals database. In June 2010, FactSet acquired Market Metrics, a market research firm situated in the United States that is solely focused on surveys conducted on advisor and insurance products. Highlights of 2011 included the addition of a package for colleges and universities in January, the integration of Proquote trading functionality in April, and the addition of Trucost environmental research data in August. In June 2012, FactSet acquired StreetAccount, which provides real-time company updates, portfolio and sector filtering, email alerts, and market summaries for investment professionals. In 2013, FactSet acquired Revere Data, a provider of a line-of-business industry taxonomy, now branded FactSet Revere. 2015–present On February 9, 2015, FactSet acquired Code Red Inc, a provider of Research Management technology to the financial community. On October 16, 2015, FactSet completed its acquisition of Portware, LLC, a multi-asset execution management system (EMS) provider. On December, 2016, FactSet acquired Vermilion Software, a client reporting software provider, and CYMBA Technologies, an order management system (OMS) provider. On March 20, 2017, FactSet acquired BISAM, a performance and risk provider, strengthening its coverage of critical workflows throughout the portfolio lifecycle. On April 3, 2017, FactSet strengthened its offering to the Wealth Management industry by completing its acquisition of Interactive Data Managed Solutions. In 2018, FactSet extended its presence in Asia with a new office in Shanghai, celebrated 20 years in Australia and 40 years as a company, and declared strong revenue and EPS growth: “We are proud to have reached many milestones in fiscal 2018. We celebrated 40 years as a company with 38 years of consecutive revenue growth and 22 years of consecutive adjusted EPS growth. This quarter we had the highest reported quarterly ASV in our history. We enter fiscal 2019 with strong momentum and an expanding suite of innovative workflow solutions to drive our growth plans,” Phil Snow, FactSet CEO. In 2018 FactSet also announced the launch of the Open:FactSet Marketplace, an online platform that offers both financial and alternative data from providers including Alexandria, Estimize, Genscape, and RepRisk. A key milestone for FactSet in 2018 was the selection to be the primary market data provider for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management (multi-year, enterprise level agreement including datafeeds). FactSet deployed its Market Data solution to more than 15,000 wealth management professionals across Merrill Lynch to provide complete multi-asset class content, analytics and global market data. In 2020, FactSet acquired Truvalue Labs, a pioneer in AI-driven environmental, social, and governance (ESG) data. Truvalue Labs applies AI-driven technology to over 100,000 unstructured text sources in 13 languages, including news, trade journals, and nongovernmental organizations and industry reports, to provide daily signals that identify positive and negative ESG behavior. Its coverage spans over 20,000 public and private companies and generates short-term, long-term, and momentum scores derived from hundreds of signals. These signals are mapped against the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), allowing investors to evaluate ESG risk factors and real-world actions and impacts for quantitative analysis and back-testing. The company also works with its well-established Academic Research Network, which helps academic researchers use its data to study ESG trends and market-related behavior. On December 20, 2021, FactSet joined the S&P 500. Products and services Products FactSet provides data and analytical applications to global buy and sell-side professionals, including portfolio managers, market research and performance analysts, risk managers, sell-side equity researchers, investment bankers, and fixed income professionals. FactSet's Workstation includes real-time news and quotes, company and portfolio analysis, multi-company comparisons, industry analysis, company screening, portfolio optimization and simulation, predictive risk measurements, alpha testing and tools to value and analyze fixed income securities and portfolios. In November 2020, FactSet furnished over 400 affinity databases and sought to restructure its foundation with inside the cloud to Amazon Web Services (AWS). Clients there were around 190,000 users of FactSet. The number of clients subscribed to FactSet stands over 7,900. The annual client retention rate stands at over 95%. Financials For the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, Non-GAAP revenues increased 6.5% to $1.6 billion compared with $1.5 billion from FYE 2020. The increase is derived from stronger organic revenue growth due to higher sales of analytics, content and technology solutions (CTS), and wealth management solutions, excluding all effects of acquisitions and dispositions completed in the last 12-months. Net Income increased 7.1% to $400 million from $373 million. This $28 million increase can be attributed to the decrease in operating expenses, from $359 million in 2020 to $331 million in 2021. ASV, or annual subscription value, growth rate increased by 14.0% with net increase of nearly 20,000 additional clients, and, in accordance, FactSet's customer retention rate increased from 91% to 95% year over year, as of August 21, 2021. Total Organic ASV plus professional services totaled $1.68 billion, up 7.2% compared to prior year end, "the increase was driven by additional sales in our workflow solutions, primarily in Analytics and Trading, CTS and Research." Works Cited: https://investor.factset.com/static-files/26634f78-fd47-4cf4-93fa-c0fbb9de9df5 Investor concerns The company receives data from providers such as Barra, Dow Jones, Russell, and Lipper. Since contractual relationships with third-party vendors can be terminated with one year's notice, the company tries to maintain relationships with at least two vendors for each type of data. Since 2000, FactSet has made close to 15 acquisitions, seven of which have been content providers. Management F. Philip Snow, Chief Executive Officer and Director Helen Shan, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Rachel R. Stern, Senior Vice President, Strategic Resources, General Counsel and Secretary Dan Viens, Chief Human Resources Officer References External links American companies established in 1978 Financial services companies established in 1978 Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange Financial services companies of the United States Financial data vendors Companies based in Norwalk, Connecticut 1996 initial public offerings
A cryptographic module is a component of a computer system that implements cryptographic algorithms in a secure way, typically with some element of tamper resistance. NIST defines a cryptographic modules as "The set of hardware, software, and/or firmware that implements security functions (including cryptographic algorithms), holds plaintext keys and uses them for performing cryptographic operations, and is contained within a cryptographic module boundary." Hardware security modules, including secure cryptoprocessors, are one way of implementing cryptographic modules. Standards for cryptographic modules include FIPS 140-3 and ISO/IEC 19790. References See also Cryptographic Module Validation Program (CMVP) Cryptographic Module Testing Laboratory Cryptography Computer security
N-Step-SCAN (also referred to as N-Step LOOK) is a disk scheduling algorithm to determine the motion of the disk's arm and head in servicing read and write requests. It segments the request queue into subqueues of length N. Breaking the queue into segments of N requests makes service guarantees possible. Subsequent requests entering the request queue won't get pushed into N sized subqueues which are already full by the elevator algorithm. As such, starvation is eliminated and guarantees of service within N requests is possible. Another way to look at N-step SCAN is this: A buffer for N requests is kept. All the requests in this buffer are serviced in any particular sweep. All the incoming requests in this period are not added to this buffer but are kept up in a separate buffer. When these top N requests are serviced, the IO scheduler chooses the next N requests and this process continues. This allows for better throughput and avoids starvation. Analysis N-Step-SCAN along with FSCAN prevents "arm stickiness" unlike SSTF, SCAN, and C-SCAN. See also Other variations include: SCAN - Elevator Algorithm FSCAN LOOK (and C-LOOK) References Disk scheduling algorithms
Pdoc is a software package for generating API documentation for Python programming language. Built as a successor to Epydoc, Pdoc uses introspection to extract documentation from source code docstrings and allows programmers to generate HTML documentation for chosen Python modules. It is thus functionally similar to Pydoc, Perldoc and Javadoc. It supports identifier cross-linking and Markdown for its doc string format. Forks A lack of original project activity in 2018-2019 spurred several forks, such as pdoc3 and pdocs, part of the portray suite. As of 2021, the original pdoc project is active again. See also Comparison of documentation generators References External links Official website Software package on PyPI Python (programming language) development tools Free documentation generators Free software programmed in Python
The CompuMate SV010 was a home computer peripheral manufactured by Spectravideo International for the Atari 2600 home video game console. It was released on 6 January 1983 at the Winter Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada. In Germany, the CompuMate was marketed by Quelle, a catalogue company, as the Universum Heimcomputer. In Brazil (circa 1985), at least two clones of CompuMate were made: the Dactar-Comp by Milmar Electronics, and the CompuGame. Hardware The ComputeMate consists of a membrane keyboard, output interfaces, and read-only internal storage. It connects to the console's module slot and to both controller ports. The user could optionally place the ComputeMate on top of the console—although not when used with the Atari 2600 Jr. model. The CompuMate has a 3.5-mm phone connector in order to connect a Compact Cassette unit for non-volatile data storage. Its read-only memory is preinstalled with three computer programs. PAL and NTSC versions of the CompuMate were manufactured. Software The CompuMate has three simple computer programs in its internal read-only memory: Magic Easel, a drawing and animation program with a 40×40-pixel canvas and 10 selectable colors. It can animate up to nine frames in a repeating loop. It has two demonstration pictures: a world map and a snowman. Music Composer, a software synthesizer with four demonstration songs: "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star", "Long, Long Ago", "Jingle Bells", and "My Bonnie". Microsoft BASIC editor and interpreter Spectravideo only published two programs for the CompuMate on Compact Cassette, PictureMate (1983) and SongMate (1983). See also BASIC Programming cartridge for the Atari 2600 References External links Spectravideo CompuMate, Oldcomputers.net Atari 2600 VCS CompuMate, scans of instructions The CompuMate List(Loadable programs) - Atari 2600 - AtariAge Forums CompuMate Basic Programs Stella -- A multi-platform Atari 2600 Emulator Supports CompuMate emulation. z26 -- An Atari 2600 Emulator Supports CompuMate emulation. 6502-based home computers Home computers Atari 2600 Products introduced in 1983 BASIC programming language family
HVS may refer to: Hard Very Severe, a British climbing grade Hartsville Regional Airport's IATA code Haversine, a trigonometric function Heaviside step function Helenium virus S High vaginal swab High Voltage Software Hilversum railway station, Netherlands, station code or Croatian Rowing Federation Human visual system model HVS (aircraft), a 1980s German human-powered aircraft HVS Global Hospitality Services Hypervelocity star Hyperventilation syndrome
ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS) is a quarterly scientific journal that aims to disseminate the latest findings of note in the field of numeric, symbolic, algebraic, and geometric computing applications. The journal publishes two kinds of articles: Regular research papers that advance the development of algorithms and software for mathematical computing, and "algorithms papers" that describe a specific implementation of an algorithm and that are accompanied by the source code for this algorithm. Algorithms described in the transactions are generally published in the Collected Algorithms of the ACM (CALGO). Algorithms published since 1975 (and some earlier ones) are all still available. Software that accompanies algorithm papers is accessible by anyone via the CALGO website. History ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software is one of the oldest scientific journals specifically dedicated to mathematical algorithms and their implementation in software, and has been published since March 1975 by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). The journal is described as follows on the TOMS Homepage of the ACM Digital Library page: The purpose of the journal was laid out by its founding editor, John Rice, in the inaugural issue. The decision to found the journal came out of the 1970 Mathematical Software Symposium at Purdue University, also organized by Rice, who then negotiated with both SIAM and the ACM regarding its publication. References External links Journal home page ACM Collected Algorithms Transactions on Mathematical Software Academic journals established in 1975
Antix may refer to: Antix (video game), a 1985 game for MS-DOS developed by the creator of Tetris Antix Productions, a UK television production company who produce Most Haunted antiX, a Linux distribution based on Debian Antix (rapper), British-Jordanian hip hop artist Antix (band), a band from Los Angeles, California See also Antics (disambiguation)
Tile Studio is a Windows-only editor for graphics and level data of tile-based video games. The application combines a bitmap editor for creating graphics and a map editor for designing level maps. A notable feature, distinguishing this tool from Mappy, which defines its own general map file format, is export of assets to arbitrary files through a comprehensive and sophisticated scripting language. Tile Studio was created by Mike Wiering / Wiering Software. Defining the Output Format Asset export scripts have a .TSD file extension and a line-oriented syntax. On the website, there are examples of .TSD files for use with several programming languages and libraries (C, Delphi, Java, BlitzBasic, etc.). The user is expected to write a specific .TSD file for each project. The output consists of any number of text files, binary files, or images (.bmp or .png). For example, a tileset can be exported as a bitmap containing all the tiles (or only the tiles/tile combinations that are actually used in the maps), or in it can be exported pixel by pixel to a text file with RGB values. The following example creates a .bmp file with graphics and a map file in a custom text format. Notice the looping constructs and the placeholders, e.g. #tileset iterates over tilesets and populates TileSetIdentifier with the name of each tileset. #tileset #tilebitmap tileset_<TileSetIdentifier>.bmp 320 #end tilebitmap #end tileset #file map_<ProjectName>.tsmap <TileSetCount> #tileset tileset_<TileSetIdentifier>.bmp <TileSetNumber>,<TileWidth>,<TileHeight>,<HorizontalTileCount>,<VerticalTileCount> <TileSetBitmapWidth>,<TileSetBitmapHeight>,<TransparentColorR>,<TransparentColorG>,<TransparentColorB> <MapCount> #map <MapNumber>,<MapWidth>,<MapHeight>,<ScrollX>,<ScrollY> #mapdata \n<TileNumber>,<Bounds>,<MapCode> #end mapdata #end map <SequenceCount> #sequence <SequenceNumber> <SequenceLength> #sequencedata \n<TileNumber> #end sequencedata #end sequence #end tileset #end file License Tile Studio is free open source software under the Mozilla Public License (with the exception of the .tsd files and any code that is copied to the output, that is public domain). So Tile Studio can be used for projects that are under any license. External links Tutorial and command reference - Includes downloads Video game level editors Video game development software Windows-only free software
Power Chess is a chess-playing video game originally released in September 1996 by Sierra On-Line for the Microsoft Windows 95 operating system. Later revisions of the software were released as Power Chess 98 (1997) and Power Chess 2.0 (1998). Power Chess was also the "intermediate" game included in Sierra's Complete Chess (1998) along with Maurice Ashley Teaches Chess (1995) and Extreme Chess (1996). Engine Its chess engine is "Wchess" by David Kittinger, which played against Deep Blue in the 1995 World Computer Championship in Hong Kong. The game is included as a watchable "Great Game" in Power Chess. Gameplay Power Chess had two major innovations: the program would adjust its level during the game trying to match that of the player (presaging Chessbase Fritz's Friend Mode). In addition, after each game, a female voice, the Queen, walks the player through the game, pointing out and explaining where the player could have played better. The program keeps track of the player's rating. Players can also create their own characters with differing gameplay styles and difficulty. Narration The voice of the Power Chess Queen was voiced in English and French by voiceover artist Natacha LaFerriere. "Great Games" A collection of famous games is included for review and study, each one narrated turn-by-turn by the Queen. The games include: The Evergreen Game, Adolf Anderssen vs. Jean Dufresne (1852) The Opera Game, Paul Morphy vs. Duke Karl of Brunswick and Count Isouard (1858) Wilhelm Steinitz vs. Curt von Bardeleben (1895) Ruger vs. Gebhard (1915) Vasily Smyslov vs. Bobby Fischer (1970) Wchess vs. Deep Blue (1995) Deep Blue vs. Garry Kasparov, Game 1 (1996) Reception Power Chess won Computer Games Strategy Pluss award for the 1996 "traditional" game of the year. In a comparison between four chess programs, PC Joker rated Power Chess the highest. See also Comparison of chess video games References External links 1996 video games Windows games Windows-only games Sierra Entertainment games Chess software Video games developed in the United States
Tagsistant is a semantic file system for the Linux kernel, written in C and based on FUSE. Unlike traditional file systems that use hierarchies of directories to locate objects, Tagsistant introduces the concept of tags. Design and differences with hierarchical file systems In computing, a file system is a type of data store which could be used to store, retrieve and update files. Each file can be uniquely located by its path. The user must know the path in advance to access a file and the path does not necessarily include any information about the content of the file. Tagsistant uses a complementary approach based on tags. The user can create a set of tags and apply those tags to files, directories and other objects (devices, pipes, ...). The user can then search all the objects that match a subset of tags, called a query. This kind of approach is well suited for managing user contents like pictures, audio recordings, movies and text documents but is incompatible with system files (like libraries, commands and configurations) where the univocity of the path is a security requirement to prevent the access to a wrong content. The tags/ directory A Tagsistant file system features four main directories: archive/ relations/ stats/ tags/ Tags are created as sub directories of the tags/ directory and can be used in queries complying to this syntax: tags/subquery/[+/subquery/[+/subquery/]]/@/ where a subquery is an unlimited list of tags, concatenated as directories: tag1/tag2/tag3/.../tagN/ The portion of a path delimited by tags/ and @/ is the actual query. The +/ operator joins the results of different sub-queries in one single list. The @/ operator ends the query. To be returned as a result of the following query: tags/t1/t2/+/t1/t4/@/ an object must be tagged as both t1/ and t2/ or as both t1/ and t4/. Any object tagged as t2/ or t4/, but not as t1/ will not be retrieved. The query syntax deliberately violates the POSIX file system semantics by allowing a path token to be a descendant of itself, like in tags/t1/t2/+/t1/t4/@ where t1/ appears twice. As a consequence a recursive scan of a Tagsistant file system will exit with an error or endlessly loop, as done by UNIX find: ~/tagsistant_mountpoint$ find tags/ tags/ tags/document tags/document/+ tags/document/+/document tags/document/+/document/+ tags/document/+/document/+/document tags/document/+/document/+/document/+ [...] This drawback is balanced by the possibility to list the tags inside a query in any order. The query tags/t1/t2/@/ is completely equivalent to tags/t2/t1/@/ and tags/t1/+/t2/t3/@/ is equivalent to tags/t2/t3/+/t1/@/. The @/ element has the precise purpose of restoring the POSIX semantics: the path tags/t1/@/directory/ refers to a traditional directory and a recursive scan of this path will properly perform. The reasoner and the relations/ directory Tagsistant features a simple reasoner which expands the results of a query by including objects tagged with related tags. A relation between two tags can be established inside the relations/ directory following a three level pattern: relations/tag1/rel/tag2/ The rel element can be includes or is_equivalent. To include the rock tag in the music tag, the UNIX command mkdir can be used: mkdir -p relations/music/includes/rock The reasoner can recursively resolve relations, allowing the creation of complex structures: mkdir -p relations/music/includes/rock mkdir -p relations/rock/includes/hard_rock mkdir -p relations/rock/includes/grunge mkdir -p relations/rock/includes/heavy_metal mkdir -p relations/heavy_metal/includes/speed_metal The web of relations created inside the relations/ directory constitutes a basic form of ontology. Autotagging plugins Tagsistant features an autotagging plugin stack which gets called when a file or a symlink is written. Each plugin is called if its declared MIME type matches The list of working plugins released with Tagsistant 0.6 is limited to: text/html: tags the file with each word in <title> and <keywords> elements and with document, webpage and html too image/jpeg: tags the file with each Exif tag The repository Each Tagsistant file system has a corresponding repository containing an archive/ directory where the objects are actually saved and a tags.sql file holding tagging information as an SQLite database. If the MySQL database engine was specified with the --db argument, the tags.sql file will be empty. Another file named repository.ini is a GLib ini store with the repository configuration. Tagsistant 0.6 is compatible with the MySQL and Sqlite dialects of SQL for tag reasoning and tagging resolution. While porting its logic to other SQL dialects is possible, differences in basic constructs (especially the INTERSECT SQL keyword) must be considered. The archive/ and stats/ directories The archive/ directory has been introduced to provide a quick way to access objects without using tags. Objects are listed with their inode number prefixed. The stats/ directory features some read-only files containing usage statistics. A file configuration holds both compile time information and current repository configuration. Main criticisms It has been highlighted that relying on an external database to store tags and tagging information could cause the complete loss of metadata if the database gets corrupted. It has been highlighted that using a flat namespace tends to overcrowd the tags/ directory. This could be mitigated introducing triple tags. See also Semantic file system References External links Arch Linux package Discussion on Hacker News Extended attributes and tag file systems Tagsistant On Production Computer file systems Data management Semantic file systems
The Smith Institute is a left-wing think tank in the United Kingdom. It was founded in memory of John Smith QC MP, former leader of the Labour Party. History Its work has focused on regional "rebalancing" away from London towards the North, health, housing, community cohesion, employment and pay, and early intervention. It was founded in 1996 in memory of John Smith MP who was leader of the Labour Party until his death in 1994. The Smith Institute describes its purpose as pursuing "policies for a fairer society" and states that it aims to build on John Smith's passion for social justice. The Institute's director is Paul Hackett, a former special adviser to John Prescott MP. It has had articles in the Observer on the regional divide. Its work with the Centre for Social Justice on early intervention has been widely covered. While the Labour Party was in government, a number of the think tank's meetings were held at Number 11 Downing Street, and the organisation allegedly had close ties with Gordon Brown. Following a complaint from the right-wing media in 2001, the Smith Institute was the subject of an inquiry by the Charity Commission, which closed in 2002. Ed Balls MP was given a Senior Research Fellowship at the Institute after he left HM Treasury to stand as a Parliamentary candidate in 2004. Funding In November 2022, the funding transparency website Who Funds You? gave the institute a D grade (rating goes from A to E). See also List of think tanks in the United Kingdom References External links Political and economic think tanks based in the United Kingdom John Smith (Labour Party leader)
EA/SA (Enterprise Agreement/Software Assurance) is a volume licensing package offered by Microsoft. It primarily targets large organizations which have 500 or more personal computers. The minimum quantity was increased from 250 to 500 on 1 July 2016, but it remains at 250 for public sector customers. Other programs, including Open Value, Open License and Select License, are geared towards smaller organizations. The Enterprise Agreement, whose price is tiered to the number of computers or users being licensed, is a three-year contract which covers all software licensing and updates for one client system. An option is given at contract termination to renew for one or three additional years. Software products licensed under the contract include Windows 10, Microsoft Office and the core Client Access Licenses for Windows Server, Exchange, System Center and SharePoint, which allow the computer to legally access Microsoft servers over a network. See also Microsoft Software Assurance References Microsoft initiatives
Jean Isabel Smith (born 1959) is a Canadian writer, painter and the lead singer of the Vancouver band Mecca Normal. Career Music Smith co-founded Mecca Normal with bandmate David Lester in 1981, while the two were working together at a Vancouver newspaper. Mecca Normal is considered a forerunner of the 1990s politically charged riot grrrl movement. Painting Smith has continued the self-portrait series in watercolour, video and photography, including photos from her online dating profiles in her short film Attraction is Ephemeral — the title of a song on Mecca Normal's 2006 album The Observer. She began a series of paintings in 2016 to the present that she sells each day via Facebook posts to raise money to create an artist residency in Vancouver. References External links 1959 births Living people Feminist artists Feminist musicians Film directors from Vancouver Musicians from Vancouver Writers from Vancouver Canadian indie rock musicians Canadian women film directors Canadian women guitarists Canadian punk rock guitarists Canadian punk rock singers Canadian women singers Canadian women novelists Canadian women poets 20th-century Canadian novelists 21st-century Canadian poets 20th-century Canadian women writers 21st-century Canadian women writers Women punk rock singers
Mambu may refer to: Mambu (company), a German fintech software company Helene Mambu (born 1948) Congolese public health expert, physician, pediatrician and United Nations diplomat Mambo (Vodou), a female high priest in the Vodou religion in Haiti See also Mambo (disambiguation)
Aztec C is a discontinued C programming language compiler for CP/M-80, MS-DOS, Apple II (both DOS 3.3 and ProDOS), Commodore 64, early Macintosh, Amiga, and Atari ST. It was sold commercially by Manx Software Systems. History Manx Software Systems of Shrewsbury, New Jersey produced C programming language compilers beginning in the 1980s for CP/M, Apple II, IBM PC compatibles, Macintosh, and other systems. Manx was started by Harry Suckow, with partners Thomas Fenwick, and James Goodnow II, the two principal developers. They were all working together at another company at the time. Suckow had started several companies of his own anticipating the impending growth of the personal computer market. A demand came for compilers first and he disengaged himself from the other companies to pursue Manx and Aztec C. Another developer, Chris Macey, assisted them momentarily with 80XX development, apart from other areas. One of the main reasons for Aztec C's early success was the floating point support in the Z80 compiler, which was extended to the Apple II shortly after. During the move to ANSI C in 1989, Robert Sherry represented them on the ANSI committee but left shortly after. He also fixed numerous bugs in the Aztec C after Chris Macey and Thomas Fenwick left the company. By this time Microsoft had targeted competitors for their C compiler and Aztec C was being pushed-out of the general IBM PC compatible compiler market, followed by competition with Apple's MPW C on the Macintosh side and Lattice C on the Amiga after SAS bought them. In 1989 Thomas Fenwick left to work for Microsoft, and James Goodnow worked on Aztec C occasionally but was pursuing other projects outside the company and eventually left the company altogether. Chris Macey returned as a consultant but eventually left to become chief scientist for another company. Throughout the 1990s they continued to make their Aztec C compiler. As their market share dropped, they tried to make the move to specializing in embedded systems development, but it was too late. They disappeared a few years back following the loss of market presence of some of their target platforms (various 6502 machines, Atari and Amiga 68xxx, etc.). In the end, Jeff Davis and Mike Spille helped Harry Suckow keep the company going before Suckow finally closed it. Suckow is still the copyright holder for Aztec C. Many developers used the Aztec C compiler until it became operationally extinct. Legacy Aztec C remains copyrighted. Harry Suckow is the copyright holder. At least two free Internet distributions exist for native Aztec C compilers for the Apple II; one forDOS 3.3 and the other for ProDOS 8. Free Internet distributions exist for the Amiga, MS-DOS, and a limited version of the MS-DOS cross-compiler for Apple II ProDOS 8. References C (programming language) compilers Apple II software CP/M software Commodore 64 software Amiga development software Atari ST software
The Ibanez K5 is the signature bass for metal band KoRn's bassist Reginald Fieldy Arvizu. Specification Fieldy from Korn has long played Ibanez Basses due to their low weight and signature sound; he got an endorsement deal with Ibanez soon after the breakthrough of KoRn. The five string K5 bass is designed by Ibanez along with Fieldy and includes a Mahogany body, Rosewood fretboard with 24 frets and a K5 inlay at the 12th fret, gold hardware, two active pickups and a Vari-Mid EQ. To achieve his signature sound Fieldy tunes his basses to A, D, G, C, F, turns the midrange all the way off and brings down the EQ all the way down at 180 Hz. This makes Fieldys bass stand out from the low end of the two seven string guitars instead of getting too muddy. References K5 info K5 review Fieldy interview External links Ibanez K5 specs Official Korn website Electric bass guitars
The Public Information Network for Electronic Services (or PINES) is the nearly statewide library consortium and its online library catalog of the Georgia Public Library Service. By June 2017, the catalog consisted of books from 284 library facilities in 143 counties across the U.S. state of Georgia with a collection size of 10.6 million items, all of which are searchable by anyone with a PINES library card which can be obtained free of charge from any PINES-participating library. The PINES system effectively turns most of the state of Georgia into one huge library. PINES cardholders are able to request an interlibrary loan from any affiliated library, and the single statewide library card grants access to the hundreds of branches associated with the service. PINES also manages the booking of rooms, the use of remote self-check machines, allows automated search and retrieval, as well as supports RSS and Schema.org standards. PINES developed the open-source software Evergreen, an integrated library system which it and other library consortia use to manage their online catalogs. History PINES development In 1998 a white paper was created exploring the feasibility of a statewide public library card for Georgia. As Georgia had consistently ranked among the lowest states in public library funding per capita it was agreed that a universal library card could be of great benefit to the residents of Georgia as long as the affiliated libraries were unified under one single integrated library system (ILS). It was also believed that by establishing a state-wide library cost to individual library systems would be lowered as they wouldn't need to maintain their own integrated library systems, and certain tasks could be centralized through the state saving additional time. By 1999 PINES became a reality, administered by the current Georgia Public Library Service (GPLS). It initially was used as a Y2K state-funded project to address needs of public libraries without Y2K-compliant ILS computer services. These libraries, mostly rural, were deemed not to have programs that would survive into the 21st century. Some libraries were still not automated as well. The PINES initiative would give these libraries access first, bringing their services into the modern era. Looking to complete the project before the year 2000, on April 8, 1999, the initial contract to develop the ILS was awarded to KPMG partnered with the SIRSI Corporation and Sun Microsystems. In December 1999 the new software was finished and ready for deployment. In that same month Phase 1 of PINES went live with 98 affiliated libraries. For the next two years other libraries saw the success of PINES, and rather than replace their outdated ILS with a new independent one, requested to join the statewide system. In 2001 Phase 2 of PINES went live with an addition 111 libraries joining the service. Evergreen development In 2004 the GPLS decided not to renew their contract with KPMG/Sirsi after being advised that under the current software no more libraries would be able to be added to the system. As a result, the GPLS explored the possibility of creating their own software, and on June 4, 2004, a press release by the state librarian outlined a two-year development plan for a new PINES ILS software called Evergreen. The new ILS was completed and ready to go live in September 2006. On September 1, the Sirsi ILS was taken offline, and by September 5 Evergreen was up and running. Due to the success of Evergreen it was awarded the Mellon Award for Technology Collaboration in 2007 by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. Since its initial release, Evergreen is now used in over 1,800 libraries around the world, including the highest-circulating library in the United States, the King County Library System. List of library systems within PINES Athens Regional Library System Augusta-Richmond County Public Library System Azalea Regional Library System Bartram Trail Regional Library System Brooks County Public Library Catoosa County Library Chattooga County Library System Cherokee Regional Library System Chestatee Regional Library System Clayton County Library System Coastal Plain Regional Library System Conyers-Rockdale Library System De Soto Trail Regional Library System Dougherty County Public Library Elbert County Public Library Flint River Regional Library System Greater Clarks Hill Regional Library System Hall County Library System Hart County Library Henry County Library System Houston County Public Library System Jefferson County Library System Kinchafoonee Regional Library System Lake Blackshear Regional Library System Lee County Library Live Oak Public Libraries Marshes of Glynn Libraries Middle Georgia Regional Library System Moultrie-Colquitt County Library System Mountain Regional Library System Newton County Library System Northeast Georgia Regional Library System Northwest Georgia Regional Library System Ocmulgee Regional Library System Oconee Regional Library System Ohoopee Regional Library System Okefenokee Regional Library System Peach Public Libraries Piedmont Regional Library System Pine Mountain Regional Library System Roddenbery Memorial Library Sara Hightower Regional Library System Satilla Regional Library System Screven-Jenkins Regional Library System South Georgia Regional Library Southwest Georgia Regional Library Statesboro Regional Public Libraries Thomas County Public Library System Three Rivers Regional Library System Troup-Harris Regional Library Twin Lakes Library System West Georgia Regional Library Worth County Library System See also There are several library systems in Georgia outside of the PINES system. Most of those are in the Atlanta metropolitan area, but the library systems of the Columbus metropolitan area are also outside of the PINES system. In February 2018, the Live Oak Public Libraries of the Savannah metropolitan area joined the PINES consortium. List of public library systems in Georgia References External links https://gapines.org/eg/opac/home - PINES catalog Library cataloging and classification
Tandem running is a pair movement coordination observed in ants and termites. In ants, tandem running is used for social learning, by which one ant leads another native ant from the nest to the food source it has found. Tandem running is also used to find and choose better, new nest sites to which the colony can emigrate. The follower ant maintains contact with the lead ant by frequently touching the leader's legs and abdomen with its antennae. As predators, scavengers, and herbivores, ants have a variety of food sources, for which they may journey as far as 200 meters from their nest, spraying a scent trail as they go. To lead their kin to new food sources, ants demonstrate one of the few examples of interactive teaching outside of the mammalian class. Social learning by teaching requires that the naive observer change its behavior and acquire some skills or knowledge faster than it would have independently and that the teacher incur some cost. In order for the follower ant to learn landmarks, the leader must travel much slower and make frequent stops to check for his follower. Ultimately, the knowledge of the route to the new food source can be passed throughout the colony as one follower becomes a leader, making tandem running an effective time-saving practice. In termites, tandem running behavior is used by a mating pair. During a brief period, alates (winged adults) disperse from their nests. Both females and males land on the ground, shed their wings, and run to search for a mating partner. Upon encountering, a pair performs a tandem run, while seeking a suitable site for colony foundation. Tandem running in termites involves communication via sex pheromones, and all mating pairs engage in this process. For these reasons, tandem running in termites is considered a form of sexual behavior. Species that use tandem running Ants (By genus) Temnothorax Diacamma Pachycondyla Camponotus Hypoponera Paltothyreus Ponera Cardiocondyla Chalepoxenus Harpagoxenus Leptothorax Termites (By genus for each sub/family) Mastotermitidae: Mastotermes Archotermopsidae: Zootermopsis Stolotermitidae: Porotermes Hodotermitidae: Hodotermes Kalotermitidae: Kalotermes, Paraneotermes, Glyptotermes, Incisitermes, Cryptotermes Rhinotermitidae; Psammotermes, Prorhinotermes, Reticulitermes, Heterotermes, Coptotermes Termitidae, Macrotermitinae: Pseudacanthotermes, Microtermes, Ancistrotermes, Macrotermes, Odontotermes, Hypotermes Termitidae, Apicotermitinae: Anoplotermes Termitidae, Nasutitermitinae: Trinervitermes, Nasutitermes Termitidae, Termitinae: Microcerotermes, Amitermes, Pericapritermes, Inquilinitermes Termitidae, Syntermitinae: Embiratermes, Procornitermes, Cornitermes Termitidae, Cubitermitinae: Cubitermes How ants perform tandem running Individual ants utilize celestial and land cues as well as their own motion detection to navigate, but scout foraging is not their only strategy for finding food resources. Up to 35 percent of ants setting out from the nest forage as tandem pairs. Studies have found that vision only plays a role in navigation during tandem runs, but plays no role for the followers in following the leader. The follower is only dependent on tactile and phenomenal information. Experiments in which researchers impair the vision of ants found that blind ants were more likely to follow than to lead, but could still occupy either the role of follower or leader, however, for pairs where the leader was fully sighted, their tandem run was usually smoother and faster. Thus, it can be concluded that sight is used for navigation along with other orientation systems, but is not the mechanism by which ants perform their tandem run. Research has shown that leaders rely on tactile feedback from followers during a tandem run. The follower will follow closely behind the leader, and the leader will run rapidly only after it is tapped by the antennae of the follower. During tandem runs, in addition to tactile signals, ants may also use chemical cues. Pheromone trails help maintain the bond between the ants, facilitate learning, and assist with navigation. The chemical trails may allow followers to stop and examine landmarks before rejoining the leader. Leaders, which are the teachers, are more likely to lay trails during forward tandem runs than during reverse tandem runs. Most leaders deploy their gaster down during forward tandem runs, while the followers do not. During reverse tandem runs, most leaders deploy their gaster in the up or middle position because by this time the ants have learned the route and trails have already been laid, so followers are less likely to get lost. Follower ants are not necessarily naive foragers. When lead ants were experimentally removed during tandem runs, 40 percent of follower ants successfully reached the foraging area after a brief search, providing evidence that the followers were already experienced foragers. Costs and benefits The time it takes for the leader to reach the food source during a tandem run is increased fourfold. However, the follower will be able to find the food source significantly faster during a tandem run compared to searching alone. Additionally, the leader will benefit by having another ant help carry food back to the nest. Experienced foraging ants will often participate in tandem runs as a follower to a familiar tree or foraging site. This may be because trees and other sites are often complex structures to navigate, and the leader may guide the experienced ant to a new food source within the same system. There is also a cost to following ants who get separated from the leader (or "lost") during a tandem run. When tandem running ants were experimentally separated in the lab, lost ants engaged in searching behavior, where they would often return to the point where they were separated from their leader, and their walking speed was slowed by almost 50%. There is a benefit to being separated from the leader in some cases however; independent exploration is critical to the practice of tandem running. Through independent exploration, ants can discover new and more direct routes and thus reduce the duration of their subsequent tandem runs that they will lead. Independent exploration is the basis of route improvement in tandem running. Teaching and social learning Tandem running is a form of recruitment and communication that involves teaching and social learning. Experience influences the tendency to engage in tandem running more than age. Temnothorax albipennis of all ages are able to participate in tandem running, but experienced individuals are more likely to do so. Older experienced ants are also more likely to lead slowly and be precise. Young inexperienced ants are capable of leading and following in tandem runs, but they lead faster and are less accurate. When an individual ant practices on its own it can learn even more. Ants are able to shorten the length of tandem runs and transfer information faster only if they independently explore the area in between being a follower and becoming a leader. Independent exploration is beneficial because it leads to an improved route and more accurate leadership of tandem runs. Only one bout of independent exploration is necessary for improvement, and extra independent explorations do not further improve tandem runs. If a leader happens to lose its follower during a run, it may continue to its destination rather than turning around to find another follower because this is a chance for independent exploration, which can improve future runs. Tandem running combines social learning with individual learning in order to maximize benefits of this practice. The exact information that is transferred between the follower and leader is not known, but the following ant acquires the same information that it would have gotten if it had found the nest on its own. If the new nest site is far from the old one, tandem running allows followers to find it faster than they would have if they used individual exploration. Tandem running in termites In Reticulitermes and Coptotermes, female leads the tandem and releases a short-range sex pheromone to guide the male, and the male touches the female's abdomen with its antennae and mouthparts, indicating its continued presence. When a pair is accidentally separated, females pause and males engage in intensive search for the partner. This sexually dimorphic movement facilitates the encounter. The form of tandem running behavior is variable across termite species. In neoisopteran termites, only females have strong sex-pairing pheromones, and sex role is strictly fixed in heterosexual pairs; females perform leader role, and males perform follower role. On the other hand, sex role is more flexible in other lineages. Also, tandem running behavior can be used between workers in Mastotermes darwiniensis. In Reticulitermes speratus, tandem running has been observed as homosexual behavior with males following males and females following females in order to reduce predation. By participating in tandem running, the termites increase their encounter risk of predators, but this risk is outweighed by the benefits of decreasing their post-encounter risk. The predator is able to capture only one animal at a time, so by utilizing tandem running, each termite's individual risk of predation is decreased by the dilution effect. During same-sex tandem run in Reticulitermes speratus, one individual expresses the behavior of the other sex. In female-female pairs, follower female shows typical male behaviors. And in male-male pairs, leader males show typical female behavior. Tandem running is also used for sexual selection in termites. There is often competition between tandem running males over which termite will be in the back position. The male in the back position is thus stronger and larger, and when the pair of tandem runners encounters a female, she will favor the back male. References External links Science News: First Demonstration Of 'Teaching' In Non-human Animals: Ants Teach By Running In Tandem Ethology Myrmecology Insect behavior Learning
The Theorem Proving System (TPS) is an automated theorem proving system for first-order and higher-order logic. TPS has been developed at Carnegie Mellon University. An educational version of it is known as ETPS (Educational Theorem Proving System). External links Theorem Proving System web page Theorem proving software systems Common Lisp (programming language) software
Greenwood is an unincorporated community in Wise County, Texas, United States. History Pioneer settlers came to this area as early as the 1850s. Local tradition states that the Greenwood and Hart families were among the first settlers in the area, and that the community was named for the Greenwood family and the Creek for the Hart family. As the town of Greenwood began to grow, businesses, churches, a cemetery, school, and masonic lodge were established. A Post Office was opened in 1877, and a town well was dug by John Karr Berry in the early 1890s. At its peak, the town boasted two saloons, four grocery stores, two drug stores, a hotel, bank, hardware store, barber shop, blacksmith shop, cotton gin, and the Greenwood Gazette Newspaper, the Greenwood Male and Female College, although in operation for less than twenty years, provided quality education for the young people of the community. This small settlement has served as a supply center for surrounding farming communities for over one hundred years. It has also been a center of social and religious activities. Three churches serve the Greenwood area: Greenwood Baptist Church, founded as Hart's Creek Missionary Baptist Church about 1872, Greenwood Methodist Church, founded about 1880, and Greenwood Church of Christ, founded in 1896. Education The Slidell Independent School District serves area students. Notes Unincorporated communities in Texas Unincorporated communities in Wise County, Texas Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
Cheating in video games involves a video game player using various methods to create an advantage beyond normal gameplay, usually in order to make the game easier. Cheats may be activated from within the game itself (a cheat code implemented by the original game developers), or created by third-party software (a game trainer or debugger) or hardware (a cheat cartridge). They can also be realized by exploiting software bugs; this may or may not be considered cheating based on whether the bug is considered common knowledge. History Cheating in video games has existed for almost their entire history. The first cheat codes were put in place for play testing purposes. Playtesters had to rigorously test the mechanics of a game and introduced cheat codes to make this process easier. An early cheat code can be found in Manic Miner, where typing "6031769" (based on Matthew Smith's driving license) enables the cheat mode. Within months of Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlords 1981 release, at least two commercial trainers appeared. 1983 advertisements for "The Great Escape Utility" for Castle Wolfenstein (1981) promised that the $15 product "remodels every feature of the game. Stop startup delays, crashes and chest waiting. Get any item, in any quantity. Start in any room, at any rank. Handicap your aim. Even add items". In a computer game, all numerical values are stored "as is" in memory. Gamers could reprogram a small part of the game before launching it. In the context of games for many 8-bit computers, it was a usual practice to load games into memory and, before launching them, modify specific memory addresses in order to cheat, getting an unlimited number of lives, currency, immunity, invisibility, etc. Such modifications were performed through POKE statements. The Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC range and ZX Spectrum also allowed players with the proper cartridges or Multiface add-on to freeze the running program, enter POKEs, and resume. Some games tried to detect the Multiface and refused to load if it was present. The earliest models had no ability to "hide". Later revisions either included a switch, hid if the menu had been opened and closed before loading the game, or automatically hid. For instance, with POKE 47196,201 in Knight Lore for the ZX Spectrum, immunity is achieved. Magazines such as Crash regularly featured lists of such POKE instructions for games. In order to find them a hacker had to interpret the machine code and locate the critical point where the number of lives is decreased, impacts detected, etc. Sometimes the term POKE was used with this specific meaning. Cheating was exploited by technology-oriented players due to the difficulty of early cheats. However, a cheat industry emerged as gaming systems evolved, through the packaging and selling of cheating as a product. Cheat-enablers such as cheat books, game guides, cheat cartridges helped form a cheat industry and cemented cheating as part of gaming culture. However, cheating was not universally accepted in early gaming; gaming magazine Amiga Power condemned cheaters, taking the stance that cheating was not part of their philosophy of fairness. They also applied this in reverse; games should also not be allowed to cheat the player. Guides, walkthroughs, and tutorials are sometimes used to complete games but whether this is cheating is debated. Later, cheating grew more popular with magazines, websites, and even a television show, Cheat!, dedicated to listing cheats and walkthroughs for consoles and computer systems. POKE cheats were replaced by trainers and cheat codes. Generally, the majority of cheat codes on modern day systems are implemented not by gamers, but by game developers. Some say that as many people do not have the time to complete a video game on their own, cheats are needed to make a game more accessible and appealing to a casual gamer. In many cases, developers created cheats to facilitate testing, then left them in the game as they expanded the number of ways people could play it. With the rise in popularity of gaming, cheating using external software and hardware raised a number of copyright legal issues related to modifying game code. Many modern games have removed cheat codes entirely, except when used to unlock certain secret bonuses. The usage of real-time achievement tracking made it unfair for any one player to cheat. In online multiplayer games, cheating is frowned upon and disallowed, often leading to a ban. However, certain games may unlock single-player cheats if the player fulfills a certain condition. Yet other games, such as those using the Source engine, allow developer consoles to be used to activate a wide variety of cheats in single-player or by server administrators. Many games which use in-game purchases consider cheating to be not only wrong but also illegal, seeing as cheats in such games would allow players to access content (like power-ups and extra coins) that would otherwise require payment to obtain. However, cheating in such games is nonetheless a legal grey area because there are no laws against modifying software which is already owned, as detailed in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Cheat codes The most basic type of cheat code is one created by the game designers and hidden within the video game itself, that will cause any type of uncommon effect that is not part of the usual game mechanics. Cheat codes are usually activated by typing secret passwords or pressing controller buttons in a certain sequence. Less common activation methods include entering certain high score names, holding keys or buttons while dying, picking up items in a particular order and otherwise performing unintuitive actions. Some games may also offer a debug console that can be used to edit game parameters. Effects might include unlocking a character or improving a character's performance: for example providing a car with greater acceleration, or just visual gags such as "big-head mode" in GoldenEye 007. Some games humorously penalise the player for using another game's cheat codes. For example, using cheat codes from Doom in Heretic gives the opposite of the desired effect, such as instant death instead of invulnerability or stripping weapons instead of providing them. Unlike other cheating methods, cheat codes are implemented by the game developers themselves, often as a tool to playtest certain aspects of the game without difficulty. One of the earliest known examples of this type of cheat is the Konami Code, created in 1986 by Konami developer Kazuhisa Hashimoto as he worked on porting the 1985 arcade game Gradius for use on the Nintendo Entertainment System. Hashimoto is quoted as saying "The arcade version of Gradius is really difficult, right? I never played it that much, and there was no way I could finish the game, so I inserted the so-called Konami code." Bots A bot is a type of artificial intelligence (AI)–based expert system software that plays a video game in the place of a human, to perform actions (repetitive or not) that enable advantages to be achieved. Modification of runtime game data Cheating can easily be achieved by modifying the game's data while it is running. These methods of cheating are often less reliable than cheat codes included in a game by its creators. This is due to the fact that certain programming styles or quirks of internal game logic, different release versions of a game, or even using the same game at different times or on different hardware, may result in different memory usage and hence the trainer program might have no effect, or stop the game from running altogether. Modifying game data usually constitutes a violation of a software license agreement that prohibits modifying the program at all. Memory editing Cheating via memory editing involves modifying the memory values where the game keeps its status information. The way to achieve this will vary depending on the environment in which the game is running. Memory editing hardware A cheat cartridge is attached to an interface port on a home computer or console. It allows a user to modify the game code either before or during its execution. An early example is the Multiface for the ZX Spectrum, and almost every format since has had a cheat cartridge created for it; such as Datel's range of Action Replay devices. Another popular example of this is Game Genie for Genesis, NES, Super NES, Game Boy, and Game Gear game consoles. Modern disc-based cheat hardware includes GameShark and Code Breaker which modify the game code from a large database of cheats. In later generation consoles, cheat cartridges have come to be replaced by cheat discs, containing a simple loader program which loads a game disc and modifies the main executable before starting it. The legality of this type of devices has been questioned, such as in the case of Lewis Galoob Toys, Inc. v. Nintendo of America, Inc., in which Nintendo unsuccessfully sued Lewis Galoob Toys stating that its cheating device, the Game Genie, created derivative works of games and thus violated copyright law. Memory editing software The most basic way of achieving this is by means of memory editor software, which allows the player to directly edit the numeric values in a certain memory address. This kind of software usually includes a feature that allows the player to perform memory searches to aid the user to locate the memory areas where known values (such as the number of lives, score or health level) are located. Provided a memory address, a memory editor may also be able to "freeze" it, preventing the game from altering the information stored at that memory address. Game trainers are a special type of memory editor, in which the program comes with predefined functions to modify the run time memory of a specific computer game. When distributed, trainers often have a single + and a number appended to their title, representing the number of modifications the trainer has available. In the 1980s and 1990s, trainers were generally integrated straight into the actual game by cracking groups. When the game was first started, the trainer would typically show a splash screen of its own, sometimes allowing modifications of options related to the trainer, and then proceed to the actual game. In the cracker group release lists and intros, trained games were marked with one or more plus signs after them, one for each option in the trainer, for example: "the Mega Krew presents: Ms. Astro Chicken++". Many emulators have built-in functionality that allows players to modify data as the game is running, sometimes even emulating cheating hardware such as Game Genie. Some emulators take this method a step further and allow the player to export and import data edits. Edit templates of many games for a console are collected and redistributed as cheat packs. Emulators also frequently offer the additional advantage of being able to save the state of the entire emulated machine at any point, effectively allowing saving at any point in a game even when save functionality is not provided by the game itself. Cheating hardware such as "Instant Replay" also allows such behavior for some consoles. Code injection Somewhat more unusual than memory editing, code injection consists of the modification of the game's executable code while it is running, for example with the use of POKE commands. In the case of Jet Set Willy on the ZX Spectrum computer, a popular cheat involved replacing a Z80 instruction DEC (HL) in the program (which was responsible for decrementing the number of lives by one) with a NOP, effectively granting the player infinite lives. On Microsoft Windows, a common type of video game hacking is through the use of DLLs. Users use a third party program to inject the DLL into their game of choice. Saved game editors Editing a saved game offers an indirect way to modify game data. By modifying a file in persistent storage, it is possible to effectively modify the runtime game data that will be restored when the game attempts to load the save game. Hex editors were the most basic means of editing saved game files (e.g. to give the player a large sum of money in strategy games such as Dune II). However, as happened with game editors, dedicated game-editing utilities soon became available, including functions to effortlessly edit saved data for specific games, rendering hex editing largely obsolete for this purpose. If a saved game is stored in multiple files, it may also be possible to cheat simply by mixing and matching these files. For example, if one file represents the items in a treasure chest, while another represents the player's inventory, then the player can save the game before and after picking up an item from the chest, and continue play using the treasure chest file before the item was picked up, and the inventory file from afterward. Network traffic forgery A similar method for cheating in online games involves editing packets to modify outbound network traffic, thus affecting the state of the game. Although this was more common in the past, modern games are developed with robustness against network and packet modifications, and the terms of service for most games explicitly forbid this form of cheating. Countermeasures In games having attainable achievements or high score records, or both, cheats by nature allow the player to attain achievements too easily or score point totals not attainable or extremely difficult to attain through legitimate means by a non-cheating player. Notable examples include the following: The 32X version of Doom does not allow the player to finish the game if any cheat codes are applied; instead, after a cheating player defeats the game's penultimate level, the game simulates a program exit to DOS and displays a mock command prompt ("C:\>"). Some PC games and most Xbox games do not record player achievements if they are attained while cheat mode is activated. For example, Half-Life 2: Episode Two turns this barrier into a continuing obstacle if a player saves the game with cheats activated. The game will then record that fact in the save file and automatically cause subsequent reloads from the relevant save file to reactivate cheat mode. If a player of Portal has any cheats activated when a chamber is completed in Challenge mode, the game will display "CHEATED!" above the performance summary screen for that level. Several video game companies have sued cheat-makers for copyright infringement, with a successful trial or settlement. Bungie and Ubisoft both convinced cheat-makers to stop operating, at the threat of paying damages at trial. Take-Two was successful against a cheat-maker in an Australian court, who awarded damages to the publisher. Cheating in online games Cheating exists in many multiplayer video games. While there have always been cheat codes and other ways to make single-player games easier, developers often attempt to prevent it in multiplayer games. With the release of the first popular internet multiplayer games, cheating took on new dimensions. Previously it was rather easy to see if the other players cheated, as most games were played on local networks or consoles. The Internet changed that by increasing the popularity of multiplayer games, giving the players relative anonymity, and giving people an avenue to communicate cheats. Examples of cheats in first-person shooter games include the aimbot, which assists the player in aiming at the target, giving the user an unfair advantage, the wallhack, which allows a player to see through solid or opaque objects or manipulate or remove textures, meshing, which is the action of pushing an item/npc/player into the graphic boundary of another object/player/location in a manner not intended by the game developer, and ESP, with which the information of other players is displayed. There are also cheats that increase the size of the target's hitbox, allowing shots striking close to the target to register as hits. In online trading card games, creating multiple accounts by jailbreaking device to get more rewards can be considered as cheating because it is unfair to players who have only one account. In online multiplayer games, a player may use macro scripts, which automatically find items or defeat enemies. The prevalence of massively multiplayer online games (MMORPGs) such as World of Warcraft, Anarchy Online, EverQuest, Guild Wars, and RuneScape has resulted in the trading of in-game currency for real-world currency. This can lead to virtual economies. The rise of virtual economies has led to cheating where a gamer uses macros to gain large amounts of in-game money which the player will then trade for real cash. The Terms of Service of most modern online games now specifically prohibit the transfer of accounts or the sale of in-game items for 'real-world' money. The enforcement of these terms varies however from one company to another, many turning a blind-eye to such trading as detection and prevention requires resources and banning players also results in losses of revenue. Cheating in online games is common on public game servers. Some online games, such as Battlefield 1942, include specific features to counter cheating exploits, by incorporating tools such as PunkBuster, nProtect GameGuard, or Valve Anti-Cheat. However, much like anti-virus companies, some anti-cheat tools are constantly and consistently bypassed until further updates force cheat creators to find new methods to bypass the protection. In single-player games, there are a number of plug-ins available to developers to use to stop cheaters. An obfuscator will scramble code so it is unreadable by decompilers, rename events/properties/methods and even add fake code. An obscurer will encrypt variables in memory and mask out strings. Anti-cheat toolkits have a variety of tools such as: detecting speed hacks, encrypting player prefs, detecting time cheats, detecting wall hacks and more. These can be used in most multi-player games as well. See also Cheating AI Debug menu Konami Code Xyzzy (computing) Video game modding References
Ducks Ahoy! is an action game for the Atari 8-bit family of computers and Commodore 64 released in 1984 by CBS Software. The player maneuvers a boat around a flooded city to pick up ducks and ferry them to safety before they drown. The player must also avoid a hippopotamus, who randomly appears to try to destroy the player's boat. References External links Ducks Ahoy! at Atari Mania 1984 video games Action games Atari 8-bit family games CBS Software games Commodore 64 games Naval video games Single-player video games Video games about birds Video games developed in the United States
In cryptography, deniable authentication refers to message authentication between a set of participants where the participants themselves can be confident in the authenticity of the messages, but it cannot be proved to a third party after the event. In practice, deniable authentication between two parties can be achieved through the use of message authentication codes (MACs) by making sure that if an attacker is able to decrypt the messages, they would also know the MAC key as part of the protocol, and would thus be able to forge authentic-looking messages. For example, in the Off-the-Record Messaging (OTR) protocol, MAC keys are derived from the asymmetric decryption key through a cryptographic hash function. In addition to that, the OTR protocol also reveals used MAC keys as part of the next message, after they have already been used to authenticate previously received messages, and will not be re-used. See also Deniable encryption Plausible deniability Malleability Undeniable signature References Cryptographic protocols
Heather Gordon (born 1967) is an American contemporary visual artist. Career Gordon creates large-scale paintings and immersive art projects, using numbers, algorithms, and geometry in her creative process. In November 2017 Gordon's installation And Then the Sun Swallowed Me was exhibited at the Contemporary Art Museum of Raleigh. Her piece Cinnabar was featured in the North Carolina Museum of Art's exhibit titled You Are Here: Light, Color, and Sound Experiences from April 7, 2018, until July 2, 2018. Prior to the exhibit, her work was featured as part of the museum's Matrons of the Arts initiative, highlighting female-identified artists from around the world. She received a North Carolina Artists Fellowship in 2014. Her collaborate works with dancer and choreographer Justin Tornow, titled Echo and SHOW, were shown at 21c Durham Museum Hotel and The Durham Fruit. In 2017 Gordon and Tornow collaborated to create No.19/Modulations, which was shown at the CCB Plaza in downtown Durham, North Carolina. In August 2018 her work titled DOUBLE EDGED: Geometric Abstraction Then and Now was shown at the Weatherspoon Art Museum. Also in 2018, she debuted Steel, a tape installation, at The Dillon in Raleigh, North Carolina. Her work has also been shown at the Ackland Art Museum, Waterworks, The Carrack Modern Art Museum, and the North Carolina School of Science and Math. She is part of Mural Durham, an art project in Durham. In 2019 Gordon worked with the David M Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library and the Duke University Archives to research documents related to the Duke Forest for her work titled Forest for the Trees. Personal life Gordon was the only child of an accountant and engineer. Her father was a United States Air Force officer, and grew up primarily on military bases around the United States. Godron is lesbian, and said she knew when she was eight years old. Gordon earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the University of Florida in 1990 and a Master of Fine Arts degree from New Mexico State University in 1995. She lives in Durham. Gordon has a son named Henry. References Living people 1967 births 21st-century American painters 21st-century American women artists American conceptual artists American contemporary painters American digital artists American women installation artists American installation artists American multimedia artists New Mexico State University alumni People from Durham, North Carolina University of Florida alumni Women conceptual artists Women multimedia artists American lesbian artists
This is a list of well-known object–relational mapping software. Java Apache Cayenne, open-source for Java Apache OpenJPA, open-source for Java DataNucleus, open-source JDO and JPA implementation (formerly known as JPOX) Ebean, open-source ORM framework EclipseLink, Eclipse persistence platform Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) Enterprise Objects Framework, Mac OS X/Java, part of Apple WebObjects Hibernate, open-source ORM framework, widely used Java Data Objects (JDO) JOOQ Object Oriented Querying (jOOQ) Kodo, commercial implementation of both Java Data Objects and Java Persistence API TopLink by Oracle iOS Core Data by Apple for Mac OS X and iOS .NET Base One Foundation Component Library, free or commercial Dapper, open source Entity Framework, included in .NET Framework 3.5 SP1 and above iBATIS, free open source, maintained by ASF but now inactive. LINQ to SQL, included in .NET Framework 3.5 NHibernate, open source nHydrate, open source Quick Objects, free or commercial Objective-C, Cocoa Enterprise Objects, one of the first commercial OR mappers, available as part of WebObjects Core Data, object graph management framework with several persistent stores, ships with Mac OS X and iOS Perl DBIx::Class PHP Laravel, framework that contains an ORM called "Eloquent" an ActiveRecord implementation. Doctrine, open source ORM for PHP 5.2.3, 5.3.X., 7.4.X Free software (MIT) CakePHP, ORM and framework for PHP 5, open source (scalars, arrays, objects); based on database introspection, no class extending CodeIgniter, framework that includes an ActiveRecord implementation Yii, ORM and framework for PHP 5, released under the BSD license. Based on the ActiveRecord pattern FuelPHP, ORM and framework for PHP 5.3, released under the MIT license. Based on the ActiveRecord pattern. Laminas, framework that includes a table data gateway and row data gateway implementations Propel, ORM and query-toolkit for PHP 5, inspired by Apache Torque, free software, MIT Qcodo, ORM and framework for PHP 5, open source QCubed, A community driven fork of Qcodo Redbean, ORM layer for PHP 5, for creating and maintaining tables on the fly, open source, BSD Skipper, visualization tool and a code/schema generator for PHP ORM frameworks, commercial Python Django, ActiveRecord ORM included in Django framework, open source SQLAlchemy, open source, a Data Mapper ORM SQLObject, open source Storm, open source (LGPL 2.1) developed at Canonical Ltd. Tryton, open source web2py, the facilities of an ORM are handled by the DAL in web2py, open source Odoo – Formerly known as OpenERP, It is an Open Source ERP in which ORM is included. Ruby iBATIS (inactive) ActiveRecord DataMapper Smalltalk TOPLink/Smalltalk, by Oracle, the Smalltalk predecessor of the Java version of TOPLink See also Comparison of object–relational mapping software References Object-relational mapping software
The method of iteratively reweighted least squares (IRLS) is used to solve certain optimization problems with objective functions of the form of a p-norm: by an iterative method in which each step involves solving a weighted least squares problem of the form: IRLS is used to find the maximum likelihood estimates of a generalized linear model, and in robust regression to find an M-estimator, as a way of mitigating the influence of outliers in an otherwise normally-distributed data set, for example, by minimizing the least absolute errors rather than the least square errors. One of the advantages of IRLS over linear programming and convex programming is that it can be used with Gauss–Newton and Levenberg–Marquardt numerical algorithms. Examples L1 minimization for sparse recovery IRLS can be used for ℓ1 minimization and smoothed ℓp minimization, p < 1, in compressed sensing problems. It has been proved that the algorithm has a linear rate of convergence for ℓ1 norm and superlinear for ℓt with t < 1, under the restricted isometry property, which is generally a sufficient condition for sparse solutions. However, in most practical situations, the restricted isometry property is not satisfied. Lp norm linear regression To find the parameters β = (β1, …,βk)T which minimize the Lp norm for the linear regression problem, the IRLS algorithm at step t + 1 involves solving the weighted linear least squares problem: where W(t) is the diagonal matrix of weights, usually with all elements set initially to: and updated after each iteration to: In the case p = 1, this corresponds to least absolute deviation regression (in this case, the problem would be better approached by use of linear programming methods, so the result would be exact) and the formula is: To avoid dividing by zero, regularization must be done, so in practice the formula is: where is some small value, like 0.0001. Note the use of in the weighting function is equivalent to the Huber loss function in robust estimation. See also Feasible generalized least squares Weiszfeld's algorithm (for approximating the geometric median), which can be viewed as a special case of IRLS Notes References Numerical Methods for Least Squares Problems by Åke Björck (Chapter 4: Generalized Least Squares Problems.) Practical Least-Squares for Computer Graphics. SIGGRAPH Course 11 External links Solve under-determined linear systems iteratively Least squares
A longplay is a play-through of a video game, created with the intent of completing it as fully as possible, mainly for the purposes of nostalgia, preservation, and possibly as a walkthrough. Also, for people who are unable or unwilling to play a certain game, yet wish to know and experience its story, a longplay can be viewed simply as a long digitally animated movie. Unlike speedruns, there is no time constraint aside from those imposed by bandwidth/filesize concerns. Likewise, a longplay is distinct from a Let's Play, in that there tends to be little to no commentary on the game from the player. The defining characteristic of a longplay is that few shortcuts, if any, are taken to finish the game. Dull moments may be ultimately edited out of the final video, and sidequests may be ignored, but in general every task necessary to reach the end is to be recorded, including cutscenes. Creation Games may be recorded in several ways: using screencast software, a feature built into an emulator, or via a video capture device connected to a console or another computer. Some games (for example, Doom) have a demo recording feature built into the game. Neologism status "Speedrun" and "game replay" emerged in recent years as a subset of "play-through" and gained popularity by being entertaining and competitive while needing only minutes of video. Video sharing websites accelerated their acceptance. Advances in consumer recording equipment, codecs, hard drive space, and internet services were necessary before complete games could reasonably be saved and shared. Outside of the communities specializing in the practice, "longplay" is relatively unknown, though understood from context. The ambiguous umbrella term "play-through" is widely used instead. History The term "Longplay" was first introduced by the German computer magazine "64’er – Das Magazin für Computerfans" in the late 1980s. Each issue from 4/89 to 10/94 had a section in which a walkthrough of a more complex or difficult video game was described in detail. These so-called "Longplays" can be considered early printed versions of let's plays, a later form of live commenting while videorecording a video game. In 2002 – before the rise of online video platforms – the German video game documentarist Reinhard Klinksiek started a project in which he wanted to preserve videos of classical video games (mainly for the C64) and make them accessible on the internet. In search for a simple name he adopted the neologistic term "Longplay" from the "64’er" magazines, which he had read as a teenager. After the release of more than 600 "longplay"-recordings of classical video games, the term was adopted by the gaming community internationally and is occasionally used by Online-Videogame-Magazines. See also Video game walkthrough References External links World of Longplays (main website) LongplayArchive (YouTube) Video game culture 2000s neologisms 2002 neologisms Video game gameplay Video game video content
Richard K. Yamamoto (1935–2009) was an elementary particle physicist and professor of physics at MIT focusing primarily on the study of leptons and quarks and their interactions. To this end he was involved with experiments at Brookhaven, Fermilab, and SLAC, including the BaBar Experiment. He was also known for his expertise in building experimental hardware, which he shared with students. Biographical information and education Richard K. Yamamoto was born June 29, 1935, in Hawaii, the son of Richard M. Yamamoto, a service station proprietor, and Yatsuko Yamamoto, a waitress. He became a freshman at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1953, earning an A.B. in 1957 and a Ph.D. in 1963, working with advisor Irwin A. Pless. He was known to enjoy working with his hands. An excellent mechanic and a devotee of fast cars, he rebuilt his own car engines and took driving lessons at NASCAR tracks. Yamamoto's first wife Lily is a graphic designer. They had three daughters and eight grandchildren. His second wife, Kathleen (Cougan) Barreto (1955-2012) was from Sunnyvale, California, and had a career in Silicon Valley. Yamamoto died October 16, 2009, of complications related to lung cancer. Career Yamamoto spent his entire career at MIT, first as a researcher at the Laboratory for Nuclear Science in 1963, and as an instructor in 1964. In 1965 he became an assistant professor, and in 1972 a full professor. His colleague Edmund Bertschinger said, "His kindness and gentle enthusiasm helped make the department an exciting and supportive place for everyone in physics." Yamamoto loved teaching, both in the classroom and in the laboratory. For many years he taught the Junior Lab at MIT, as a master of all the experiments. Research Yamamoto conducted research at three national laboratories: Brookhaven, Fermilab, and SLAC. At Fermilab, he has been credited with "a leading role in the creation, operation, and exploitation of the 30-inch Bubble Chamber Hybrid Spectrometer in studying hadronic interactions". In the SLD collaboration at SLAC, he studied Z0 boson production and decay in polarized electron-positron collisions, measuring "the electroweak mixing angle based on a polarized electron-positron scattering". Yamamoto's group contributed a "precise measurement of the electron beam polarization based on Compton scattering". The MIT faculty newsletter described it as "the most precise measurement of the electroweak mixing angle (sin2θW) based on a single process". That measurement was "an important constraint on models of electroweak symmetry breaking, including the possible mass of the Higgs Boson in the Standard Model". Colleagues have said his management style was low-key, yet effective. Colleague Peter Fisher began working in 1994 with Yamamoto. Fisher said, "He loved to work with students, making things...He was happiest when he had his hands on some knob, adjusting a mirror, and looking at an oscilloscope." Fisher commented, "Dick was a mild-mannered guy, but when push came to shove, he stood up to the system." Fisher described a situation at SLAC when the Center's director was pressuring Yamamoto's team to publish their results, even though the team members were puzzled why two different electron-counting methods produced different results. Yamamoto insisted that they needed to know why the numbers were off, and they only published when they figured it out. His group also "conducted precise studies of decays of charmed and bottom particles" at the BaBar B-Factory. He was involved in creating the BaBar drift chamber, contributing to measurement of CP violation and properties of heavy mesons. One source commented, "He was happiest building something and making it work. Many of his students have gone on to careers in physics and carry with them his love of experimental hardware." Yamamoto was a 2008 winner of MIT's "Infinite Mile Award". References External links Faculty website 1935 births 2009 deaths 20th-century American physicists Academics from Hawaii Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science alumni Particle physicists Fellows of the American Physical Society American academics of Japanese descent
The TnFOX portability toolkit is a fork of the FOX GUI toolkit with most of the added code implementing orthogonal features (i.e. not substantially changing the FOX API) such that applications developed for FOX can be easily recompiled for TnFOX. Unusually, TnFOX also contains API emulations of some Qt library classes - according to the author, this was done to port a substantial project from Qt to FOX. Most of the added features implement a full "portability toolkit" library such that one can write one program to run anywhere - this differs from FOX which mostly just provides the GUI portability alone. TnFOX is therefore an example of an operating system abstraction layer. Unlike FOX, TnFOX supports only a restricted set of C++ compilers and operating systems. It only supports Microsoft's C++ compiler v7.1 and later, GCC v3.2 and later and Intel C++ compiler v8 or later. It also only runs on Windows 2000 or later, Linux 2.6 kernels or later, FreeBSD and Mac OS X 10.4 or later, though on any processor or architecture. TnFOX contains its own automatically generated bindings for Python based on Boost.Python library - such were the complexity of these it required adding the -fvisibility feature to GCC v4 onwards. However, the quality and state of these have languished in recent years. The library is no longer maintained by its author, as of 2012. Substantial Features of TnFOX One of the more original features of TnFOX is its heavy usage of C++ metaprogramming though this is entirely kept away from the GUI side of things (for FOX compatibility). A full lightweight metaprogramming toolkit is included which allows many of the operations provided by the Boost metaprogramming library, including typelists, type traits, compile-time logic, functors, virtual table compilation, horizontal type list instantiation and more. Unlike Boost, due to the requirement for a modern C++ compiler, all the metaprogramming operates consistently across compilers without the need for ugly macros. Another unusual feature is the use of pervasive exception handling and safety whereby any line is assumed to always potentially throw an exception. TnFOX provides a C++ rollback mechanism (as originally proposed by Andrei Alexandrescu) to keep track of what operations need to be undone at any given stage should an error occur - rather like a SQL transaction. One problem with this approach is the possibility of nested exception throws during object destruction which under the ISO C++ standard requires an immediate program termination - TnFOX works around this problem via preprocessing of the source to add extra support code. A quirky addition of the v0.88 release is to use Google Translate to convert its locale strings. While of dubious utility, especially for shorter strings, it nevertheless may save time during translations. Unlike most portability toolkits, TnFOX has been very extensively profiled and performance tuned for maximum speed and minimal memory usage. It has strong multithreading support including tuning to avoid two threads writing to the same cache line (which causes cache line bouncing and greatly bottlenecks parallel throughput). It optionally uses its own thread caching memory allocator, automatically uses dynamic algorithms which will trade speed for memory usage according to memory low conditions and has very strong x86 and x64 specific optimisations including a metaprogramming implementation of SIMD vectors which will automatically compile down into SSE operations (right up to SSE4 support). It has its own assembler written fast mutex implementation, extensive internal caching to avoid syscalls to the kernel and its own inter-process communication framework which can transport arbitrary C++ object instances from one place to another by leveraging metaprogramming to automatically implement serialisation & deserialisation. This is particularly evident in its SQL database interface where one can simply bind an arbitrary C++ object instance to a BLOB field and no further code is required. TnFOX optionally includes copies of the OpenSSL library and the SQLite library in order to implement its strong encryption and its default SQL database implementation respectively. It can be built modularly as a set of separate DLLs or monolithically. It also has full portable support for host operating system ACL security and knows how to protect sensitive data from entering the swap file, plus automatically shredding any deleted portions. It can access which user is running the process and how to escalate its privileges as necessary. It has a no GUI build suitable as a portability toolkit for daemon and system processes. This has no X11/GDI dependencies. TnFOX has already begun to add C++0x features for those compilers which support them - this being the next revision of the ISO C++ standard. See also Widget toolkit Operating system abstraction layer List of widget toolkits FOX toolkit Qt References External links Project homepage Widget toolkits Free software programmed in C++ Software using the LGPL license
La Barca is a city and municipality in the Mexican state of Jalisco. It is one of twenty five municipalities that make up the state of Jalisco. It's located in the Ciénega region, and encompasses 37,948 kilometers squared. The 2020 Census counted 67,937 inhabitants. It is located on the north banks of the Lerma River, on the state border between Jalisco and Michoacán. During pre-hispanic times, the region carried the name Chicunahutenco, meaning the edge of the nine waters. Being located on the road to Guadalajara, travelers during colonial times had to cross a ferry at this site, in order to cross the Lerma River. In order to accommodate travelers, the establishment of a settlement was thus decreed by the Spanish authorities. References La Barca at GeoNet names server Municipalities of Jalisco
Compco Corp. v. Day-Brite Lighting, Inc., 376 U.S. 234 (1964), was a United States Supreme Court decision that was a companion case to Sears, Roebuck & Co. v. Stiffel Co. that the Court decided on the same day. Like Sears, Compco held that state law that in effect duplicates the protections of the US patent law is pre-empted by federal law. Background Day-Brite obtained a design patent on a lighting fixture, a cross-ribbed reflector for fluorescent light tubes. Compco's predecessor copied the fixture and sold it in competition against Day-Brite. Day-Brite then sued for infringement of the design patent and unfair competition under Illinois state law in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The district court held the design patent invalid but ruled in Day-Brite's favor on the unfair competition claim. The court found that the overall appearance of Compco's fixture was "the same, to the eye of the ordinary observer, as the overall appearance" of Day-Brite's fixture, which embodied the design of the invalidated design patent; that the appearance of Day-Brite's design had "the capacity to identify [Day-Brite] in the trade, and does in fact so identify [it] to the trade;" that the concurrent sale of the two products was "likely to cause confusion in the trade;" and that "[a]ctual confusion has occurred." Accordingly, the court ordered Compco to pay damages and enjoined its further sale of the fixture. The United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed the judgment. It found that "several choices of ribbing were apparently available to meet the functional needs of the product," yet Compco "chose precisely the same design used by the plaintiff and followed it so closely as to make confusion likely." The only evidence of confusion was testimony by a Day-Brite employee that a third party plant manager had installed some of Compco's fixtures and later mistakenly asked Day-Brite to service the fixtures by thinking they had been made by Day-Brite. There was evidence that Compco clearly labeled its fixtures and their containers with Compco's name. The Supreme Court characterized the evidence as showing that Compco sold an article that was an exact copy of another unpatented article, and that the conduct was "likely to produce, and did in this case produce, confusion as to the source of the article." Ruling In a unanimous ruling although Justice Harlan separately concurred, the Court reversed and reiterated its holding in the Stiffel case: [W]hen an article is unprotected by a patent or a copyright, state law may not forbid others to copy that article. To forbid copying would interfere with the federal policy, found in Art. I, § 8, cl. 8, of the Constitution and in the implementing federal statutes, of allowing free access to copy whatever the federal patent and copyright laws leave in the public domain. The Court held that the "findings" of the court of appeals about confusion, identification of the design with Day-Brite, lack of functionality of the design, and the like were immaterial because the absence of deception on Compco's part: It is true that the trial court found that the configuration of Day-Brite's fixture identified Day-Brite to the trade because the arrangement of the ribbing had, like a trademark, acquired a "secondary meaning" by which that particular design was associated with Day-Brite. But if the design is not entitled to a design patent or other federal statutory protection, then it can be copied at will. As we have said in Sears, while the federal patent laws prevent a State from prohibiting the copying and selling of unpatented articles, they do not stand in the way of state law, statutory or decisional, which requires those who make and sell copies to take precautions to identify their products as their own. A State, of course, has power to impose liability upon those who, knowing that the public is relying upon an original manufacturer's reputation for quality and integrity, deceive the public by palming off their copies as the original. That an article copied from an unpatented article could be made in some other way, that the design is "nonfunctional" and not essential to the use of either article, that the configuration of the article copied may have a "secondary meaning" which identifies the maker to the trade, or that there may be "confusion" among purchasers as to which article is which or as to who is the maker, may be relevant evidence in applying a State's law requiring such precautions as labeling; however, and regardless of the copier's motives, neither these facts nor any others can furnish a basis for imposing liability for or prohibiting the actual acts of copying and selling. And, of course, a State cannot hold a copier accountable in damages for failure to label or otherwise to identify his goods unless his failure is in violation of valid state statutory or decisional law requiring the copier to label or take other precautions to prevent confusion of customers as to the source of the goods. Subsequent developments Day-Brite is still in the fluorescent lighting fixture business, as a division of Philips. Thiecase and Sears are widely cited for the proposition that federal patent law pre-empts state law that seeks to provide an alternative protection scheme that duplicates or is inconsistent with the balances that Congress carefully struck between competition and protection in the patent laws. For example, in Bonito Boats, Inc. v. Thunder Craft Boats, Inc., the Court referred to Sears and Compco and noted: Thus our past decisions have made clear that state regulation of intellectual property must yield to the extent that it clashes with the balance struck by Congress in our patent laws. . . . Where it is clear how the patent laws strike that balance in a particular circumstance, that is not a judgment the States may second-guess. See also List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 376 References External links 1964 in United States case law United States patent case law United States Supreme Court cases United States Supreme Court cases of the Warren Court United States Supreme Court decisions that overrule a prior Supreme Court decision
Antoine Burke (born 20 July 1975) is a retired Irish athlete born in Limerick. Burke attended University College Dublin on an athletics scholarship and also studied at the University of Limerick. He had an eclectic athletic career representing Ireland as a senior athlete at the high jump, long jump, 400 metres and 400 metre hurdles. He was runner up at the 1994 World Junior Championship in the high jump and four years later jumped a personal best of 2.24 metres. Burke competed for some years both in the high jump and other events. Whilst some observers of Irish athletics mused that 6 ft 4 tall Burke who was in and around fourteen stone could have fond his ultimate forte as a decathlete, his success in this field would have been uncertain and it was a path he chose not to pursue. As a high jumper he also finished nineteenth at the 1992 World Junior Championships, and thirteenth at the 1998 European Indoor Championships. He was a member of the Irish Relay team who were 5th place finalists at the 2002 European Championships. In the late 1990s he moved to Liverpool to train with renowned UK high jump coach Mike Holmes. The training group was a who's who of UK high jump talent. Antoine joined such stars as Olympic bronze medalist Steve Smith, Irish record holder Brendan Riley and multi-title holder Danny Graham. Achievements References External links http://www.gbrathletics.com/bc/aaai.htm 1975 births Living people Irish male high jumpers Alumni of University College Dublin Athletes from County Limerick
Peter John Wilby (born 7 November 1944) is a British journalist and convicted sex offender. He is a former editor of The Independent on Sunday and the New Statesman. Early life and career Wilby was educated at Kibworth Beauchamp grammar school in Leicestershire before gaining a place at Sussex University. Whilst at Sussex, from which he graduated with a degree in history, he helped found a short-lived university paper called Sussex Outlook. In 1968, he began his career as a reporter on The Observer, becoming Education Correspondent four years later. In the same role, he worked for the New Statesman (1975–77), and for The Sunday Times (1977–86). Wilby joined The Independent on Sunday in 1990 and eventually became its editor (1995–96). New Statesman editor Wilby was the editor of the New Statesman from 1998 to 2005. In February 2002, Wilby apologised and took personal responsibility for running the cover of the 14 January 2002 issue. It featured the headline, "A Kosher Conspiracy" promoting articles by Dennis Sewell and John Pilger respectively concerning the alleged Zionist lobby in Britain and Tony Blair's appointment of Michael Levy as his special envoy in the Middle East. The NS cover was denounced by David Triesman, then general secretary of the Labour Party, as being antisemitic. Wilby, in his apology, wrote that the cover was "not intended to be anti-Semitic". "I don't accept that there's such a thing as New Labour", Wilby told David Lister of The Independent in July 2002. He described the term as being "an invention of the marketing people close to the Labour leader". A scoop Wilby was fond of at the time concerned an interview with the physician, professor and Labour peer Robert Winston. Winston's comparison of the National Health Service (NHS) with health provision in Poland had, said Wilby, changed government policy. Julia Langdon wrote in the British Journalism Review around the same time that the NS under Wilby had a reputation in the "political trade" for "being either dull, or silly". With Wilby as editor, it had become "ever more critical of the Government, notably with the anti-American line he took after September 11". A New Statesman article in autumn 2004 by Robert Service, then Professor of Russian History at Oxford University, and in particular the cover illustration, portrayed Tony Blair as the modern equivalent of Joseph Stalin. Wilby's deputy, Cristina Odone, resigned in early November 2004 for unconnected reasons, although she did object to the cover. Odone and Wilby praised each other in the media and denied having had a row, although claims of such professional disagreements, quoting Odone herself, were made in the press. Wilby, she said, was "the old-fashioned socialist who" remained "true to his ideals". Wilby himself was dismissed from the post of editor in 2005 by then-owner Geoffrey Robinson. As a result of the magazine being unsympathetic to New Labour, Cristina Odone wrote in The Observer that she believed Wilby was pushed out of his post in preparation for Gordon Brown becoming prime minister. Wilby was the longest serving editor of the New Statesman since Kingsley Martin, who had retired from the post in 1960. While circulation was much the same when he assumed the role as when he relinquished it in 2005, Wilby wrote in an article for the British Journalism Review that he managed to turn "a substantial financial loss into a healthy operating profit". Later career Wilby continued to write a weekly "First Thoughts" column for the New Statesman. He also wrote for The Observer and The Guardian. Wilby claims to live "quietly and unfashionably" in Loughton. He identifies as a feminist and a republican. Criminal conviction Wilby was arrested by the National Crime Agency (NCA) at his home in Essex in October 2022. In August 2023 he was convicted at Chelmsford Crown Court of making indecent images of children. For this he was given a 10-month jail sentence, suspended for two years, a 10-year sexual harm prevention order and was placed on the sex offenders register for five years. He admitted to having a sexual interest in children and to having viewed indecent images since the 1990s. Dean Nelson, a journalist who worked for newspapers employing Wilby, asserts that Wilby used his journalism to denigrate child sexual abuse victims, and his senior editorial positions to suppress proposed articles on child sexual abuse. References External links First Thoughts column Other New Statesman contributions by Peter Wilby 1944 births Living people British male journalists British atheists British socialists British feminists British republicans Male feminists British socialist feminists People from Kibworth The Guardian journalists The Independent people The Sunday Times people New Statesman people The Independent on Sunday editors People from Loughton English people convicted of child pornography offences
The IMAM Ro.30 was a 1930s Italian observation biplane designed and built by Industrie Meccaniche e Aeronautiche Meridionali. It was only built in limited numbers before being replaced by the Ro.37. Development Following the success of earlier observation biplanes the Ro.30 was developed in 1932 for the Regia Aeronautica. It was an unequal-span biplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear. It had an enclosed cockpit for the pilot located forward of the wing leading edge, an observer had a cabin between the wings, and the third crew member had an open cockpit behind the wings. It was powered either a 395 kW (530 hp) Alfa Romeo Mercury or a 373 kW (530 hp) Piaggio Jupiter radial engine. Operators Regia Aeronautica Specifications (Ro.30 with Jupiter engine) See also References The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Aircraft (Part Work 1982-1985), 1985, Orbis Publishing, Page 2193 Ro.30 1930s Italian military reconnaissance aircraft Biplanes Aircraft first flown in 1932
Maya Plugins are extensions for the 3D animation software Autodesk Maya. There are plugins for many different areas such as modeling, animation, and rendering. Some of them also interact with external applications (for instance renderers, game engines, or other software packages). Crowd simulation Dynamics Fluid Import/Export Modeling Rendering Maya plugins 3D graphics software Computer-aided design software Animation software IRIX software
Generalized Music Plug-in Interface (GMPI) is a working group of the MIDI Manufacturers Association set up to consider the feasibility of a standard interface for audio and MIDI software plug-ins, to complement or supersede existing vendor-specific interfaces such as Audio Units. The GMPI group started work in 2003 and published a requirements draft in April 2005. Progress has since stalled. Jeff McClintock developed an implementation of GMPI for Microsoft Windows and macOS, which is available as the SynthEdit Software Development Kit. See also VST Audio Units CLAP LV2 LADSPA DSSI External links GMPI SDK GMPI Requirements final draft GMPI Mailing list MMA Working Groups References Application programming interfaces Music software plugin architectures
Filippo Sassetti (1540–1588) was a traveller and merchant from a long-established Florentine mercantile family, who was born in Florence in 1540. Though his father had sold family interests and he had to commence as a clerk in a merchant business, Sassetti enrolled in 1568 at the University of Pisa and was imbued with a humanist education; he was proficient in botany, geography, astronomy and cosmography and was curious about philology and the classical languages. Settling in Lisbon in 1578-82, he travelled to the Indian subcontinent, reaching Cochin in November 1583, and remained in Cochin and Goa and the Malabar coast that joins the two, until his death. He is known to posterity from the thirty-two detailed letters he sent home to members of the Florentine patriciate and the Grand Duke of Tuscany; they were not published until centuries after his death. Sassetti, an attentive observer of people and customs, was among the first European observers to study the ancient Indian language, Sanskrit. Writing privately to fellow Florentine Bernardo Davanzati in 1585, he noted some word similarities between Sanskrit and Italian (e.g. deva/dio 'God', sarpa/serpe 'snake', sapta/sette 'seven', ashta/otto 'eight', nava/nove 'nine'). This unpublished observation is today credited to have foreshadowed the later discovery of the Indo-European language family. Sassetti died in 1588 at what was then Portuguese Goa. References Bibliography Marcucci, E. M. 1855. Lettere edite e inedite di Pilippo Sassetti raccolte e annotate. Firenze. Muller, Jean-Claude. 1986. Early stages of language comparison from Sassetti to Sir William Jones (1786). Kratylos 31.1-31. External links 1540 births 1588 deaths Businesspeople from Florence Linguists from Italy Indo-European studies Italian emigrants to India
Blitz BASIC is the programming language dialect of the first Blitz compilers, devised by New Zealand-based developer Mark Sibly. Being derived from BASIC, Blitz syntax was designed to be easy to pick up for beginners first learning to program. The languages are game-programming oriented but are often found general purpose enough to be used for most types of application. The Blitz language evolved as new products were released, with recent incarnations offering support for more advanced programming techniques such as object-orientation and multithreading. This led to the languages losing their BASIC moniker in later years. History The first iteration of the Blitz language was created for the Amiga platform and published by the Australian firm Memory and Storage Technology. Returning to New Zealand, Blitz BASIC 2 was published several years later (around 1993 according this press release ) by Acid Software (a local Amiga game publisher). Since then, Blitz compilers have been released on several platforms. Following the demise of the Amiga as a commercially viable platform, the Blitz BASIC 2 source code was released to the Amiga community. Development continues to this day under the name AmiBlitz. BlitzBasic Idigicon published BlitzBasic for Microsoft Windows in October 2000. The language included a built-in API for performing basic 2D graphics and audio operations. Following the release of Blitz3D, BlitzBasic is often synonymously referred to as Blitz2D. Recognition of BlitzBasic increased when a limited range of "free" versions were distributed in popular UK computer magazines such as PC Format. This resulted in a legal dispute between the developer and publisher which was eventually resolved amicably. BlitzPlus In February 2003, Blitz Research Ltd. released BlitzPlus also for Microsoft Windows. It lacked the 3D engine of Blitz3D, but did bring new features to the 2D side of the language by implementing limited Microsoft Windows control support for creating native GUIs. Backwards compatibility of the 2D engine was also extended, allowing compiled BlitzPlus games and applications to run on systems that might only have DirectX 1. BlitzMax The first BlitzMax compiler was released in December 2004 for Mac OS X. This made it the first Blitz dialect that could be compiled on *nix platforms. Compilers for Microsoft Windows and Linux were subsequently released in May 2005. BlitzMax brought the largest change of language structure to the modern range of Blitz products by extending the type system to include object-oriented concepts and modifying the graphics API to better suit OpenGL. BlitzMax was also the first of the Blitz languages to represent strings internally using UCS-2, allowing native-support for string literals composed of non-ASCII characters. BlitzMax's platform-agnostic command-set allows developers to compile and run source code on multiple platforms. However the official compiler and build chain will only generate binaries for the platform that it is executing on. Unofficially, users have been able to get Linux and Mac OS X to cross-compile to the Windows platform. BlitzMax is also the first modular version of the Blitz languages, improving the extensibility of the command-set. In addition, all of the standard modules shipped with the compiler are open-source and so can be tweaked and recompiled by the programmer if necessary. The official BlitzMax cross-platform GUI module (known as MaxGUI) allows developers to write GUI interfaces for their applications on Linux (FLTK), Mac (Cocoa) and Windows. Various user-contributed modules extend the use of the language by wrapping such libraries as wxWidgets, Cairo, and Fontconfig as well as a selection of database modules. There are also a selection of third-party 3D modules available namely MiniB3D - an open-source OpenGL engine which can be compiled and used on all three of BlitzMax's supported platforms. In October 2007, BlitzMax 1.26 was released which included the addition of a reflection module. BlitzMax 1.32 shipped new threading and Lua scripting modules and most of the standard library functions have been updated so that they are unicode friendly. Blitz3D SDK Blitz3D SDK is a 3D graphics engine based on the engine in Blitz3D. It was marketed for use with C++, C#, BlitzMax, and PureBasic, however it could also be used with other languages that follow compatible calling conventions. Max3D module In 2008, the source code to Max3D - a C++-based cross-platform 3D engine - was released under a BSD license. This engine focused on OpenGL but had an abstract backend for other graphics drivers (such as DirectX) and made use of several open-source libraries, namely Assimp, Boost, and ODE. Despite the excitement in the Blitz community of Max3D being the eagerly awaited successor to Blitz3D, interest and support died off soon after the source code was released and eventually development came to a halt. There is no indication that Blitz Research will pick up the project again. Open-source release BlitzPlus was released as open-source on 28 April 2014 under the zlib license on GitHub. Blitz3D followed soon after and was released as Open Source on 3 August 2014. BlitzMax was later released as Open Source on 21 September 2015. Examples Hello World program that prints to the screen, waits until a key is pressed, and then terminates: Print "Hello World" ; Prints to the screen. WaitKey() ; Pauses execution until a key is pressed. End ; Ends Program.Program that demonstrates the declaration of variables using the three main data types (strings, integers and floats) and printing them onto the screen:name$ = "John" ; Create a string variable ($) age = 36 ; Create an integer variable (No Suffix) temperature# = 27.3 ; Create a float variable (#) print "My name is " + name$ + " and I am " + age + " years old." print "Today, the temperature is " + temperature# + " degrees." Waitkey() ; Pauses execution until a key is pressed. End ; Ends program. Program that creates a windowed application that shows the current time in binary and decimal format. See below for the BlitzMax and BlitzBasic versions: Software written using BlitzBasic Eschalon: Book I - BlitzMax Eschalon: Book II - BlitzMax Fairway Solitaire - BlitzMax GridWars - BlitzMax TVTower (open source clone of MadTV) - BlitzMax Platypus - Blitz2D (Mac port, BlitzMax) SCP – Containment Breach - Blitz3D Worms - originally titled Total Wormage and developed in Blitz Basic on the Amiga before its commercial release Legacy In 2011, BRL released a new cross-platform programming language called Monkey and its first official module called Mojo. Monkey has a similar syntax to BlitzMax, but instead of compiling direct to assembly code, it translates Monkey source files directly into source code for a chosen language, framework or platform e.g. Windows, Mac OS X, iOS, Android, HTML5, and Adobe Flash. Since 2015 development of Monkey X has been halted in favour of Monkey 2, an updated version of the language by Mark Sibly. References External links Blitz Research subsite on itch.io (BlitzPlus, Blitz 3D, Monkey X, Monkey 2) Monkey X subsite (open source) Monkey 2 subsite blitz-research (Mark Sibly) on GitHub (BlitzPlus, BlitzMax, Blitz3D, Monkey, BlitzMax, Blitz3D for MSVC-CE 2017) Blitz Research website (archived 3 June 2017) Monkey X website (archived 15 July 2017) Amiga development software Articles with example BASIC code BASIC compilers BASIC programming language family Formerly proprietary software Free game engines Free software Object-oriented programming languages Software using the zlib license Video game development software Video game IDE
Morgan Advanced Materials is a company which manufactures specialist products, using carbon, advanced ceramics and composites. The company is headquartered in Windsor, United Kingdom, and has 85 sites across 30 countries. A public limited company, it is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. History From formation to flotation The six Morgan brothers (William, Thomas, Walter, Edward, Octavius and Septimus) began as importers and exporters in the City of London trading as "Druggist Salesmen and Hardware Merchants". An American crucible, made to a new process, was shown at the Great Exhibition of 1851 and seen by the brothers. The distinguishing feature of the “new process” involved mixing the clay with graphite, then usually known as plumbago or black lead, giving it much greater durability. The brothers obtained the sole agency for the British Empire from the manufacturers, Joseph Dixon, and in 1856 formed the Patent Plumbago Crucible Company, acquiring a site in Battersea for its manufacture. One of the features of the early years was extensive international scope of the business, both in the marketing of the crucible and the search for the ideal graphite – first in Ceylon and then Madagascar. By the 1870s, the firm, then trading under the easier name of Morgan Crucible, was said to be the largest manufacturer of crucibles in the world. In 1890, Morgan Crucible became a company; it was no longer a family concern although the shares remained in the hands of directors and senior executives, and it remained so until 1946. By 1900, the staff at Battersea totalled over 420 and the company was continually exploring other avenues for its graphite expertise. In the early 1900s lengthy development work was undertaken on electric bushes and by the end of World War I it was an established part of the business. Other refractory products, including furnace linings, were developed and in 1947 production moved to a new factory in Neston as Morgan Refractories. Other carbon specialisations included lighting carbons and resistors, the latter being large enough to move into a new factory in County Durham in 1948. At the private AGM in August 1946, the Chairman announced "a departure from our 60-year-old policy of retaining the whole of the equity in the hands of workers and ex workers." There was to be a public listing on the London Stock Exchange with the issue of new shares but it was expected that the employees would still control the majority of the equity. The fundraising was duly completed the next month; the company was described as the largest manufacturer of plumbago crucibles in the world and also holding “a leading position as manufacturers of carbon products used on rotating electrical equipment”. Morganite In 1939 the company's subsidiary Morganite Crucible opened its works at Norton in Worcestershire. During the Second World War this facility employed European Voluntary Workers who were accommodated at Bowbrook House in nearby Peopleton. In 2010 the site, which had recently been closed, was sold for use as an industrial estate; in part of the site, Molten Metal Products Ltd was set up by former Morgan employees Dave Hill and Jim Ritchie, to distribute Morganite products and manufacture Morgan furnaces under licence. Early adopter of computers In 1954 the company became one of the first businesses in the UK to computerise its financial records, with the first order of a HEC4 computer, operational in 1955. In 1964 the first commercial sale of the ICT 1900 series computer was to the company. Late 20th century A joint venture of Morgan's Thermal Ceramics division and the Carborundum Universal company, part of the Indian industrial conglomerate Murugappa Group, has existed since 1982. 21st century The company changed its name to Morgan Advanced Materials in February 2013 to reflect the fact that it produces a variety of different products and supplies to many different industries. In September 2020 the company's headquarters moved from the Quadrant to York House, also in the centre of Windsor. In February 2023, the company announced that it had been hit by a cyber-security incident which had taken some of its systems offline and may cost it up to £12 million. References External links Official site Grace's Guide Manufacturing companies established in 1856 Manufacturing companies of the United Kingdom Ceramics manufacturers of the United Kingdom Companies based in Berkshire Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange 1856 establishments in England British companies established in 1856
Internet Direct, also known as "Indy", is a free software / open source socket library written in Object Pascal, an object-oriented version of Pascal. It includes clients, servers, TCP, UDP, and raw sockets, as well as over 100 higher level protocols implementations such as SMTP, POP3, NNTP, and HTTP. Indy includes support for OpenSSL and Zlib in the protocol implementations. Indy 10 was ported to Free Pascal, and runs on Windows, FreeBSD, Linux, and Darwin. Internet Direct is available for Borland Delphi, C++ Builder, and Kylix. The software is dual-licensed under the "Indy Modified BSD License" and the "Indy MPL License". As of early 2008, there is a new project called Indy#, which intends to write a C# version from the ground up. History Indy was initially named "Winshoes" and was written by Chad Z. Hower (a.k.a. Kudzu) in 1993 in Visual Basic. In 1995, he ported it to Borland Delphi and deprecated the Visual Basic version. In 1997, he made it available under an open-source license. In 2000, Winshoes was renamed to Internet Direct (Indy for short) and became cross-platform. In 2001, Borland began including it as a part of Borland Delphi, C++ Builder, and Kylix. In 2003, Indy was ported to Delphi for .NET. The following year, Indy was made available to the Microsoft .NET community. References External links Indy Project home page Indy Knowledge Base Pascal programming language family Free Pascal Pascal (programming language) software
The Socket G3 Memory Extender (G3MX) was a planned Advanced Micro Devices' solution to the problem of connecting large amounts of memory to a single microprocessor. The G3MX was expected to be available on AMD 800S series chipset for server market starting from 2009, but was officially cancelled together with the cancellation of Socket G3 in early 2008. Electrical limitations preclude connecting more than 2 unbuffered DDR SDRAM DIMMs or 4 buffered DIMMs to a single shared bus. It is also impractical to manufacture a single chip with more than two DDR memory buses (channels). Thus, it is impossible to connect more than 8 DIMMs to a single chip. This is typically the per-processor limitation as well. The obvious solution is to use a narrower, higher-speed bus to interface to memory, and to implement it as a point-to-point link, daisy-chaining additional modules. However, Intel have made two attempts at this, neither hugely successful: RDRAM implements the bus on a DRAM chip. However, the high-speed circuitry increased power consumption, and the daisy-chaining caused significantly higher memory latency. Because it is difficult to implement high-speed circuitry on the same semiconductor process, costs were high. FB-DIMMs add a separate memory controller chip to each memory DIMM. This "advanced memory buffer" (also known by the abbreviation AMB) provides the necessary high-speed circuitry. However, the same power and heat problems have arisen. AMD's answer to this is the G3MX chip. This is very similar to the AMB, but is intended to be placed on the motherboard, not on the DIMM. It can connect to multiple DIMMs but, to minimize latency, is not designed to be daisy-chained. The G3MX has an asymmetrical link to the processor, to match typical memory usage patterns. 20 differential signals supply read data to the processor, and 13 differential signals receive commands and write data. This totals 66 pins, less than half of what is required for a DDR2 or DDR3 interface. Thus, a processor can easily have 4 G3MX memory interfaces, each with 4 buffered DIMMs attached, allowing up to 16 DIMMs to feed one processor. References Also mentions rumors that Intel is working on a similar on-motherboard "AMB2". AMD products X86 memory management
ClearMeeting is a web conferencing service developed and marketed by Audiocast Inc. The company provides database driven streaming media products and corporate online communication systems. ClearMeeting is a tool used for adding visual and interactive elements to traditional telephone conference calls. It is sold as an on-demand service, also called SaaS (Software as a Service). History The company was developed in 2005 by Audiocast Inc. of Northfield, Illinois, United States, ClearMeeting was designed as a platform for giving and viewing slideshow presentations over the web. It operates as a SaaS, there is no installation of the ClearMeeting application. In 2007, ClearMeeting became a certified application on the Salesforce.com AppExchange. References Teleconferencing Collaborative software Streaming 1997 software
The chakravala method () is a cyclic algorithm to solve indeterminate quadratic equations, including Pell's equation. It is commonly attributed to Bhāskara II, (c. 1114 – 1185 CE) although some attribute it to Jayadeva (c. 950 ~ 1000 CE). Jayadeva pointed out that Brahmagupta's approach to solving equations of this type could be generalized, and he then described this general method, which was later refined by Bhāskara II in his Bijaganita treatise. He called it the Chakravala method: chakra meaning "wheel" in Sanskrit, a reference to the cyclic nature of the algorithm. C.-O. Selenius held that no European performances at the time of Bhāskara, nor much later, exceeded its marvellous height of mathematical complexity. This method is also known as the cyclic method and contains traces of mathematical induction. History Chakra in Sanskrit means cycle. As per popular legend, Chakravala indicates a mythical range of mountains which orbits around the Earth like a wall and not limited by light and darkness. Brahmagupta in 628 CE studied indeterminate quadratic equations, including Pell's equation for minimum integers x and y. Brahmagupta could solve it for several N, but not all. Jayadeva (9th century) and Bhaskara (12th century) offered the first complete solution to the equation, using the chakravala method to find for the solution This case was notorious for its difficulty, and was first solved in Europe by Brouncker in 1657–58 in response to a challenge by Fermat, using continued fractions. A method for the general problem was first completely described rigorously by Lagrange in 1766. Lagrange's method, however, requires the calculation of 21 successive convergents of the continued fraction for the square root of 61, while the chakravala method is much simpler. Selenius, in his assessment of the chakravala method, states "The method represents a best approximation algorithm of minimal length that, owing to several minimization properties, with minimal effort and avoiding large numbers automatically produces the best solutions to the equation. The chakravala method anticipated the European methods by more than a thousand years. But no European performances in the whole field of algebra at a time much later than Bhaskara's, nay nearly equal up to our times, equalled the marvellous complexity and ingenuity of chakravala." Hermann Hankel calls the chakravala method "the finest thing achieved in the theory of numbers before Lagrange." The method From Brahmagupta's identity, we observe that for given N, For the equation , this allows the "composition" (samāsa) of two solution triples and into a new triple In the general method, the main idea is that any triple (that is, one which satisfies ) can be composed with the trivial triple to get the new triple for any m. Assuming we started with a triple for which , this can be scaled down by k (this is Bhaskara's lemma): Since the signs inside the squares do not matter, the following substitutions are possible: When a positive integer m is chosen so that (a + bm)/k is an integer, so are the other two numbers in the triple. Among such m, the method chooses one that minimizes the absolute value of m2 − N and hence that of (m2 − N)/k. Then the substitution relations are applied for m equal to the chosen value. This results in a new triple (a, b, k). The process is repeated until a triple with is found. This method always terminates with a solution (proved by Lagrange in 1768). Optionally, we can stop when k is ±1, ±2, or ±4, as Brahmagupta's approach gives a solution for those cases. Brahmagupta's composition method In AD 628, Brahmagupta discovered a general way to find and of when given , when k is ±1, ±2, or ±4. k = ±1 Using Brahmagupta's identity to compose the triple with itself: The new triple can be expressed as . Substituting gives a solution: For , the original was already a solution. Substituting yields a second: k = ±2 Again using the equation, Substituting , Substituting , k = 4 Substituting into the equation creates the triple . Which is a solution if is even: If a is odd, start with the equations and . Leading to the triples and . Composing the triples gives When is odd, k = -4 When , then . Composing with itself yields . Again composing itself yields Finally, from the earlier equations, compose the triples and , to get . This give us the solutions (Note, is useful to find a solution to Pell's Equation, but it is not always the smallest integer pair. e.g. . The equation will give you , which when put into Pell's Equation yields , which works, but so does for . Examples n = 61 The n = 61 case (determining an integer solution satisfying ), issued as a challenge by Fermat many centuries later, was given by Bhaskara as an example. We start with a solution for any k found by any means. In this case we can let b be 1, thus, since , we have the triple . Composing it with gives the triple , which is scaled down (or Bhaskara's lemma is directly used) to get: For 3 to divide and to be minimal, we choose , so that we have the triple . Now that k is −4, we can use Brahmagupta's idea: it can be scaled down to the rational solution , which composed with itself three times, with respectively, when k becomes square and scaling can be applied, this gives . Finally, such procedure can be repeated until the solution is found (requiring 9 additional self-compositions and 4 additional square-scalings): . This is the minimal integer solution. n = 67 Suppose we are to solve for x and y. We start with a solution for any k found by any means; in this case we can let b be 1, thus producing . At each step, we find an m > 0 such that k divides a + bm, and |m2 − 67| is minimal. We then update a, b, and k to and respectively. First iteration We have . We want a positive integer m such that k divides a + bm, i.e. 3 divides 8 + m, and |m2 − 67| is minimal. The first condition implies that m is of the form 3t + 1 (i.e. 1, 4, 7, 10,… etc.), and among such m, the minimal value is attained for m = 7. Replacing (a, b, k) with , we get the new values . That is, we have the new solution: At this point, one round of the cyclic algorithm is complete. Second iteration We now repeat the process. We have . We want an m > 0 such that k divides a + bm, i.e. 6 divides 41 + 5m, and |m2 − 67| is minimal. The first condition implies that m is of the form 6t + 5 (i.e. 5, 11, 17,… etc.), and among such m, |m2 − 67| is minimal for m = 5. This leads to the new solution a = (41⋅5 + 67⋅5)/6, etc.: Third iteration For 7 to divide 90 + 11m, we must have m = 2 + 7t (i.e. 2, 9, 16,… etc.) and among such m, we pick m = 9. Final solution At this point, we could continue with the cyclic method (and it would end, after seven iterations), but since the right-hand side is among ±1, ±2, ±4, we can also use Brahmagupta's observation directly. Composing the triple (221, 27, −2) with itself, we get that is, we have the integer solution: This equation approximates as to within a margin of about . Notes References Florian Cajori (1918), Origin of the Name "Mathematical Induction", The American Mathematical Monthly 25 (5), p. 197-201. George Gheverghese Joseph, The Crest of the Peacock: Non-European Roots of Mathematics (1975). G. R. Kaye, "Indian Mathematics", Isis 2:2 (1919), p. 326–356. Clas-Olaf Selenius, "Rationale of the chakravala process of Jayadeva and Bhaskara II", Historia Mathematica 2 (1975), pp. 167–184. Clas-Olaf Selenius, "Kettenbruchtheoretische Erklärung der zyklischen Methode zur Lösung der Bhaskara-Pell-Gleichung", Acta Acad. Abo. Math. Phys. 23 (10) (1963), pp. 1–44. Hoiberg, Dale & Ramchandani, Indu (2000). Students' Britannica India. Mumbai: Popular Prakashan. Goonatilake, Susantha (1998). Toward a Global Science: Mining Civilizational Knowledge. Indiana: Indiana University Press. . Kumar, Narendra (2004). Science in Ancient India. Delhi: Anmol Publications Pvt Ltd. Ploker, Kim (2007) "Mathematics in India". The Mathematics of Egypt, Mesopotamia, China, India, and Islam: A Sourcebook New Jersey: Princeton University Press. External links Introduction to chakravala Brahmagupta Diophantine equations Number theoretic algorithms Indian mathematics
AAlib is a software library which allows applications to automatically convert still and moving images into ASCII art. It was released by Jan Hubicka as part of the BBdemo project in 1997. AAlib has been used in a wide variety of programs, including a conversion of Quake II which allows the 3D game to be played on dumb terminals, and to let media players output in text mode (Xine, MPlayer, VLC). AAlib is freely distributed under the terms of the LGPLv2. See also libcaca ASCII art References External links AAlib home page at SourceForge.net ASCII art Free multimedia software Free software programmed in C
Cyberformance refers to live theatrical performances in which remote participants are enabled to work together in real time through the medium of the internet, employing technologies such as chat applications or purpose-built, multiuser, real-time collaborative software (for example, UpStage, Visitors Studio, the Waterwheel Tap, MOOs, and other platforms). Cyberformance is also known as online performance, networked performance, telematic performance, and digital theatre; there is as yet no consensus on which term should be preferred, but cyberformance has the advantage of compactness. For example, it is commonly employed by users of the UpStage platform to designate a special type of Performance art activity taking place in a cyber-artistic environment. Cyberformance can be created and presented entirely online, for a distributed online audience who participate via internet-connected computers anywhere in the world, or it can be presented to a proximal audience (such as in a physical theatre or gallery venue) with some or all of the performers appearing via the internet; or it can be a hybrid of the two approaches, with both remote and proximal audiences and/or performers. History and context The term 'cyberformance' (a portmanteau word blending 'cyberspace' with 'performance') was coined by the net artist and curator Helen Varley Jamieson. She states that the invention of this term in 2000 "came out of the need to find a word that avoided the polarisation of virtual and real, and the need for a new term (rather than 'online performance' or 'virtual theatre') for a new genre". Jamieson traces the history of cyberformance back to the Satellite Arts Project of 1977, when interactive art pioneers Kit Galloway and Sherrie Rabinowitz used live video mixing to create what they called "a performance space with no geographic boundaries". Online performances or virtual theatre has taken place in a number of the virtual environments that have emerged since the 1980s, including the multi-user virtual environments known as MUDs and MOOs in the 1970s, internet chat spaces (e.g. Internet Relay Chat, or IRC) in the 1980s, the Palace graphical chatroom in the 1990s, and UpStage, Visitors Studio, Second Life, Waterwheel Tap and other platforms in the 2000s. Notable cyberformance groups and projects thus far include: The Hamnet Players. Founded by Stuart Harris, this group performed in IRC; their earliest performance was "Hamnet" in 1993. The Plaintext Players. Founded by Antoinette LaFarge, this group performs in MOOs and mixed reality spaces; their earliest performance was "Christmas" in 1994. "ParkBench." Created by Nina Sobell and Emily Hartzell in 1994, this was a collaborative performance and drawing space using live video and a web browser interface. Desktop Theater. Founded by Adriene Jenik and Lisa Brenneis, this group performed in the Palace; an example of their work is "waitingforgodot.com", 1997. Avatar Body Collision. Founded by Helen Varley Jamieson, Karla Ptacek, Vicki Smith, and Leena Saarinen in 2002, this online performance collective uses UpStage, a web-based software purpose-built for cyberformance with a New Zealand government grant aether9. A collaborative art project exploring the field of realtime video transmission, initiated in 2007 by artists from Europe, North and South America. Avatar Orchestra Metaverse (AOM). A formation in the virtual online environment Second Life (SL), exploring interactive possibilities with avatars. Second Front. A pioneering performance art group in the online, avatar-based Virtual Reality world of Second Life. Low Lives. An international festival of live performance-based works transmitted via the internet and projected in real time at multiple venues around the world. Features of cyberformance Cyberformance differs from digital performance, which refers to any kind of digitally mediated performance, including those with no significant networked element. In some cases cyberformance may be considered a subset of net art; however, many cyberformance artists use what is termed 'mixed reality' or 'mixed space' for their work, linking physical, virtual, and cyber spaces in manifold ingenious ways. The internet is often a subject and inspiration of the work as well as being the central enabling technology. Cyberformers often work with the dual identities afforded by avatars, exploiting the gap between online persona and offline self. They can also take advantage of the ease of switching between avatars in a way unavailable to 'proximal' actors. However cyberformance has its own unique problems, including unstable technology and "real life" interruptions. References Further reading Corcoran, Marlena (2003). "An Internet Performance for the Third Millennium", Performance Art Journal 25(1). Danet, Brenda (2001). Cyberpl@y: Communicating Online, Berg Publishers. Flintoff, Kim and Sant, Toni (2007). The Internet as a Dramatic Medium – supplementary article to "Interactive and Improvisational Drama", ed Adam Blatner, 2007 Jamieson, Helen Varley (2008). "Adventures in Cyberformance" - thesis, Queensland University of Technology, Australia. Jamieson, Helen Varley (2008). "Real Time, Virtual Space, Live Theatre" - chapter in The ADA Digital Arts Reader, published 2008, Clouds Publishing, . LaFarge, Antoinette (1995). A World Exhilarating and Wrong: Theatrical Improvisation on the Internet, Leonardo 28(5). Baranski Sandrine, La musique en réseau, une musique de la complexité ?, Éditions universitaires européennes, mai 2010 Papagiannouli, Christina (2011). "Cyberformance and the Cyberstage", International Journal of the Arts in Society, vol 6 issue 4, 2011. Schrum, Stephen A. Theatre in Cyberspace: Issues of Teaching, Acting and Directing. New York: Peter Lang Publishing, 1999. Digital Performance Archive Horizon Zero issue 13 : Perform Jan/Feb 2004 External links cyberformance.org Plaintext Players website networked_performance blog Upstage website Performance Online - resesarcher Francesco Buonaiuto's site, includes timeline The CyPosium - an online symposium on cyberformance, held on 12 October 2012 Theatre Internet art Digital art Computer art
The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), also known by its original name Rijndael (), is a specification for the encryption of electronic data established by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in 2001. AES is a variant of the Rijndael block cipher developed by two Belgian cryptographers, Joan Daemen and Vincent Rijmen, who submitted a proposal to NIST during the AES selection process. Rijndael is a family of ciphers with different key and block sizes. For AES, NIST selected three members of the Rijndael family, each with a block size of 128 bits, but three different key lengths: 128, 192 and 256 bits. AES has been adopted by the U.S. government. It supersedes the Data Encryption Standard (DES), which was published in 1977. The algorithm described by AES is a symmetric-key algorithm, meaning the same key is used for both encrypting and decrypting the data. In the United States, AES was announced by the NIST as U.S. FIPS PUB 197 (FIPS 197) on November 26, 2001. This announcement followed a five-year standardization process in which fifteen competing designs were presented and evaluated, before the Rijndael cipher was selected as the most suitable. AES is included in the ISO/IEC 18033-3 standard. AES became effective as a U.S. federal government standard on May 26, 2002, after approval by U.S. Secretary of Commerce Donald Evans. AES is available in many different encryption packages, and is the first (and only) publicly accessible cipher approved by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) for top secret information when used in an NSA approved cryptographic module. Definitive standards The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is defined in each of: FIPS PUB 197: Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) ISO/IEC 18033-3: Block ciphers Description of the ciphers AES is based on a design principle known as a substitution–permutation network, and is efficient in both software and hardware. Unlike its predecessor DES, AES does not use a Feistel network. AES is a variant of Rijndael, with a fixed block size of 128 bits, and a key size of 128, 192, or 256 bits. By contrast, Rijndael per se is specified with block and key sizes that may be any multiple of 32 bits, with a minimum of 128 and a maximum of 256 bits. Most AES calculations are done in a particular finite field. AES operates on a 4 × 4 column-major order array of 16 bytes termed the state: The key size used for an AES cipher specifies the number of transformation rounds that convert the input, called the plaintext, into the final output, called the ciphertext. The number of rounds are as follows: 10 rounds for 128-bit keys. 12 rounds for 192-bit keys. 14 rounds for 256-bit keys. Each round consists of several processing steps, including one that depends on the encryption key itself. A set of reverse rounds are applied to transform ciphertext back into the original plaintext using the same encryption key. High-level description of the algorithm round keys are derived from the cipher key using the AES key schedule. AES requires a separate 128-bit round key block for each round plus one more. Initial round key addition: each byte of the state is combined with a byte of the round key using bitwise xor. 9, 11 or 13 rounds: a non-linear substitution step where each byte is replaced with another according to a lookup table. a transposition step where the last three rows of the state are shifted cyclically a certain number of steps. a linear mixing operation which operates on the columns of the state, combining the four bytes in each column. Final round (making 10, 12 or 14 rounds in total): The step In the step, each byte in the state array is replaced with a using an 8-bit substitution box. Note that before round 0, the state array is simply the plaintext/input. This operation provides the non-linearity in the cipher. The S-box used is derived from the multiplicative inverse over , known to have good non-linearity properties. To avoid attacks based on simple algebraic properties, the S-box is constructed by combining the inverse function with an invertible affine transformation. The S-box is also chosen to avoid any fixed points (and so is a derangement), i.e., , and also any opposite fixed points, i.e., . While performing the decryption, the step (the inverse of ) is used, which requires first taking the inverse of the affine transformation and then finding the multiplicative inverse. The step The step operates on the rows of the state; it cyclically shifts the bytes in each row by a certain offset. For AES, the first row is left unchanged. Each byte of the second row is shifted one to the left. Similarly, the third and fourth rows are shifted by offsets of two and three respectively. In this way, each column of the output state of the step is composed of bytes from each column of the input state. The importance of this step is to avoid the columns being encrypted independently, in which case AES would degenerate into four independent block ciphers. The step In the step, the four bytes of each column of the state are combined using an invertible linear transformation. The function takes four bytes as input and outputs four bytes, where each input byte affects all four output bytes. Together with , provides diffusion in the cipher. During this operation, each column is transformed using a fixed matrix (matrix left-multiplied by column gives new value of column in the state): Matrix multiplication is composed of multiplication and addition of the entries. Entries are bytes treated as coefficients of polynomial of order . Addition is simply XOR. Multiplication is modulo irreducible polynomial . If processed bit by bit, then, after shifting, a conditional XOR with 1B16 should be performed if the shifted value is larger than FF16 (overflow must be corrected by subtraction of generating polynomial). These are special cases of the usual multiplication in . In more general sense, each column is treated as a polynomial over and is then multiplied modulo with a fixed polynomial . The coefficients are displayed in their hexadecimal equivalent of the binary representation of bit polynomials from . The step can also be viewed as a multiplication by the shown particular MDS matrix in the finite field . This process is described further in the article Rijndael MixColumns. The In the step, the subkey is combined with the state. For each round, a subkey is derived from the main key using Rijndael's key schedule; each subkey is the same size as the state. The subkey is added by combining of the state with the corresponding byte of the subkey using bitwise XOR. Optimization of the cipher On systems with 32-bit or larger words, it is possible to speed up execution of this cipher by combining the and steps with the step by transforming them into a sequence of table lookups. This requires four 256-entry 32-bit tables (together occupying 4096 bytes). A round can then be performed with 16 table lookup operations and 12 32-bit exclusive-or operations, followed by four 32-bit exclusive-or operations in the step. Alternatively, the table lookup operation can be performed with a single 256-entry 32-bit table (occupying 1024 bytes) followed by circular rotation operations. Using a byte-oriented approach, it is possible to combine the , , and steps into a single round operation. Security The National Security Agency (NSA) reviewed all the AES finalists, including Rijndael, and stated that all of them were secure enough for U.S. Government non-classified data. In June 2003, the U.S. Government announced that AES could be used to protect classified information: The design and strength of all key lengths of the AES algorithm (i.e., 128, 192 and 256) are sufficient to protect classified information up to the SECRET level. TOP SECRET information will require use of either the 192 or 256 key lengths. The implementation of AES in products intended to protect national security systems and/or information must be reviewed and certified by NSA prior to their acquisition and use. AES has 10 rounds for 128-bit keys, 12 rounds for 192-bit keys, and 14 rounds for 256-bit keys. By 2006, the best known attacks were on 7 rounds for 128-bit keys, 8 rounds for 192-bit keys, and 9 rounds for 256-bit keys. Known attacks For cryptographers, a cryptographic "break" is anything faster than a brute-force attack – i.e., performing one trial decryption for each possible key in sequence. A break can thus include results that are infeasible with current technology. Despite being impractical, theoretical breaks can sometimes provide insight into vulnerability patterns. The largest successful publicly known brute-force attack against a widely implemented block-cipher encryption algorithm was against a 64-bit RC5 key by distributed.net in 2006. The key space increases by a factor of 2 for each additional bit of key length, and if every possible value of the key is equiprobable, this translates into a doubling of the average brute-force key search time. This implies that the effort of a brute-force search increases exponentially with key length. Key length in itself does not imply security against attacks, since there are ciphers with very long keys that have been found to be vulnerable. AES has a fairly simple algebraic framework. In 2002, a theoretical attack, named the "XSL attack", was announced by Nicolas Courtois and Josef Pieprzyk, purporting to show a weakness in the AES algorithm, partially due to the low complexity of its nonlinear components. Since then, other papers have shown that the attack, as originally presented, is unworkable; see XSL attack on block ciphers. During the AES selection process, developers of competing algorithms wrote of Rijndael's algorithm "we are concerned about [its] use ... in security-critical applications." In October 2000, however, at the end of the AES selection process, Bruce Schneier, a developer of the competing algorithm Twofish, wrote that while he thought successful academic attacks on Rijndael would be developed someday, he "did not believe that anyone will ever discover an attack that will allow someone to read Rijndael traffic." Until May 2009, the only successful published attacks against the full AES were side-channel attacks on some specific implementations. In 2009, a new related-key attack was discovered that exploits the simplicity of AES's key schedule and has a complexity of 2119. In December 2009 it was improved to 299.5. This is a follow-up to an attack discovered earlier in 2009 by Alex Biryukov, Dmitry Khovratovich, and Ivica Nikolić, with a complexity of 296 for one out of every 235 keys. However, related-key attacks are not of concern in any properly designed cryptographic protocol, as a properly designed protocol (i.e., implementational software) will take care not to allow related keys, essentially by constraining an attacker's means of selecting keys for relatedness. Another attack was blogged by Bruce Schneier on July 30, 2009, and released as a preprint on August 3, 2009. This new attack, by Alex Biryukov, Orr Dunkelman, Nathan Keller, Dmitry Khovratovich, and Adi Shamir, is against AES-256 that uses only two related keys and 239 time to recover the complete 256-bit key of a 9-round version, or 245 time for a 10-round version with a stronger type of related subkey attack, or 270 time for an 11-round version. 256-bit AES uses 14 rounds, so these attacks are not effective against full AES. The practicality of these attacks with stronger related keys has been criticized, for instance, by the paper on chosen-key-relations-in-the-middle attacks on AES-128 authored by Vincent Rijmen in 2010. In November 2009, the first known-key distinguishing attack against a reduced 8-round version of AES-128 was released as a preprint. This known-key distinguishing attack is an improvement of the rebound, or the start-from-the-middle attack, against AES-like permutations, which view two consecutive rounds of permutation as the application of a so-called Super-S-box. It works on the 8-round version of AES-128, with a time complexity of 248, and a memory complexity of 232. 128-bit AES uses 10 rounds, so this attack is not effective against full AES-128. The first key-recovery attacks on full AES were by Andrey Bogdanov, Dmitry Khovratovich, and Christian Rechberger, and were published in 2011. The attack is a biclique attack and is faster than brute force by a factor of about four. It requires 2126.2 operations to recover an AES-128 key. For AES-192 and AES-256, 2190.2 and 2254.6 operations are needed, respectively. This result has been further improved to 2126.0 for AES-128, 2189.9 for AES-192 and 2254.3 for AES-256, which are the current best results in key recovery attack against AES. This is a very small gain, as a 126-bit key (instead of 128-bits) would still take billions of years to brute force on current and foreseeable hardware. Also, the authors calculate the best attack using their technique on AES with a 128-bit key requires storing 288 bits of data. That works out to about 38 trillion terabytes of data, which is more than all the data stored on all the computers on the planet in 2016. As such, there are no practical implications on AES security. The space complexity has later been improved to 256 bits, which is 9007 terabytes (while still keeping a time complexity of 2126.2). According to the Snowden documents, the NSA is doing research on whether a cryptographic attack based on tau statistic may help to break AES. At present, there is no known practical attack that would allow someone without knowledge of the key to read data encrypted by AES when correctly implemented. Side-channel attacks Side-channel attacks do not attack the cipher as a black box, and thus are not related to cipher security as defined in the classical context, but are important in practice. They attack implementations of the cipher on hardware or software systems that inadvertently leak data. There are several such known attacks on various implementations of AES. In April 2005, D. J. Bernstein announced a cache-timing attack that he used to break a custom server that used OpenSSL's AES encryption. The attack required over 200 million chosen plaintexts. The custom server was designed to give out as much timing information as possible (the server reports back the number of machine cycles taken by the encryption operation). However, as Bernstein pointed out, "reducing the precision of the server's timestamps, or eliminating them from the server's responses, does not stop the attack: the client simply uses round-trip timings based on its local clock, and compensates for the increased noise by averaging over a larger number of samples." In October 2005, Dag Arne Osvik, Adi Shamir and Eran Tromer presented a paper demonstrating several cache-timing attacks against the implementations in AES found in OpenSSL and Linux's dm-crypt partition encryption function. One attack was able to obtain an entire AES key after only 800 operations triggering encryptions, in a total of 65 milliseconds. This attack requires the attacker to be able to run programs on the same system or platform that is performing AES. In December 2009 an attack on some hardware implementations was published that used differential fault analysis and allows recovery of a key with a complexity of 232. In November 2010 Endre Bangerter, David Gullasch and Stephan Krenn published a paper which described a practical approach to a "near real time" recovery of secret keys from AES-128 without the need for either cipher text or plaintext. The approach also works on AES-128 implementations that use compression tables, such as OpenSSL. Like some earlier attacks, this one requires the ability to run unprivileged code on the system performing the AES encryption, which may be achieved by malware infection far more easily than commandeering the root account. In March 2016, Ashokkumar C., Ravi Prakash Giri and Bernard Menezes presented a side-channel attack on AES implementations that can recover the complete 128-bit AES key in just 6–7 blocks of plaintext/ciphertext, which is a substantial improvement over previous works that require between 100 and a million encryptions. The proposed attack requires standard user privilege and key-retrieval algorithms run under a minute. Many modern CPUs have built-in hardware instructions for AES, which protect against timing-related side-channel attacks. Quantum attacks AES-256 is considered to be quantum resistant, as it has similar quantum resistance to AES-128's resistance against traditional, non-quantum, attacks. Whilst AES-192 and AES-128 are not considered quantum resistant due to their smaller key sizes. AES-192 has a strength of 96-bits against quantum attacks and AES-128 has 64-bits of strength against quantum attacks, making them both insecure. NIST/CSEC validation The Cryptographic Module Validation Program (CMVP) is operated jointly by the United States Government's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Computer Security Division and the Communications Security Establishment (CSE) of the Government of Canada. The use of cryptographic modules validated to NIST FIPS 140-2 is required by the United States Government for encryption of all data that has a classification of Sensitive but Unclassified (SBU) or above. From NSTISSP #11, National Policy Governing the Acquisition of Information Assurance: “Encryption products for protecting classified information will be certified by NSA, and encryption products intended for protecting sensitive information will be certified in accordance with NIST FIPS 140-2.” The Government of Canada also recommends the use of FIPS 140 validated cryptographic modules in unclassified applications of its departments. Although NIST publication 197 (“FIPS 197”) is the unique document that covers the AES algorithm, vendors typically approach the CMVP under FIPS 140 and ask to have several algorithms (such as Triple DES or SHA1) validated at the same time. Therefore, it is rare to find cryptographic modules that are uniquely FIPS 197 validated and NIST itself does not generally take the time to list FIPS 197 validated modules separately on its public web site. Instead, FIPS 197 validation is typically just listed as an "FIPS approved: AES" notation (with a specific FIPS 197 certificate number) in the current list of FIPS 140 validated cryptographic modules. The Cryptographic Algorithm Validation Program (CAVP) allows for independent validation of the correct implementation of the AES algorithm. Successful validation results in being listed on the NIST validations page. This testing is a pre-requisite for the FIPS 140-2 module validation. However, successful CAVP validation in no way implies that the cryptographic module implementing the algorithm is secure. A cryptographic module lacking FIPS 140-2 validation or specific approval by the NSA is not deemed secure by the US Government and cannot be used to protect government data. FIPS 140-2 validation is challenging to achieve both technically and fiscally. There is a standardized battery of tests as well as an element of source code review that must be passed over a period of a few weeks. The cost to perform these tests through an approved laboratory can be significant (e.g., well over $30,000 US) and does not include the time it takes to write, test, document and prepare a module for validation. After validation, modules must be re-submitted and re-evaluated if they are changed in any way. This can vary from simple paperwork updates if the security functionality did not change to a more substantial set of re-testing if the security functionality was impacted by the change. Test vectors Test vectors are a set of known ciphers for a given input and key. NIST distributes the reference of AES test vectors as AES Known Answer Test (KAT) Vectors. Performance High speed and low RAM requirements were some of the criteria of the AES selection process. As the chosen algorithm, AES performed well on a wide variety of hardware, from 8-bit smart cards to high-performance computers. On a Pentium Pro, AES encryption requires 18 clock cycles per byte, equivalent to a throughput of about 11 MiB/s for a 200 MHz processor. On Intel Core and AMD Ryzen CPUs supporting AES-NI instruction set extensions, throughput can be multiple GiB/s (even over 15 GiB/s on an i7-12700k). Implementations See also AES modes of operation Disk encryption Encryption Whirlpool – hash function created by Vincent Rijmen and Paulo S. L. M. Barreto List of free and open-source software packages Notes References alternate link (companion web site contains online lectures on AES) External links AES algorithm archive information – (old, unmaintained) Animation of Rijndael – AES deeply explained and animated using Flash (by Enrique Zabala / University ORT / Montevideo / Uruguay). This animation (in English, Spanish, and German) is also part of CrypTool 1 (menu Indiv. Procedures → Visualization of Algorithms → AES). HTML5 Animation of Rijndael – Same Animation as above made in HTML5. Advanced Encryption Standard Cryptography
Rainberry, Inc., formerly known as BitTorrent, Inc., is an American company responsible for μTorrent and BitTorrent Mainline. The company was founded on September 22, 2004 by Bram Cohen and Ashwin Navin. It was successful during the Great Recession under the leadership of CEO Eric Klinker. In 2018, the company was acquired by cryptocurrency startup TRON, and Bram Cohen left the company. In March 2022, the SEC charged Rainberry with fraud for selling cryptocurrencies Tronix (TRX) and BitTorrent (BTT) as unregistered securities. History The company was founded in 2004 by Bram Cohen and Ashwin Navin, and became the inventor of "μtorrent and BitTorrent software and a pioneering San Francisco company in decentralized peer-to-peer file sharing technology." According to the San Francisco Times at its peak, BitTorrent in the early 2010s had up to a quarter billion active monthly users, while its protocol "accounted for virtually half of file-sharing bandwidth on the Internet." Tron, a cryptocurrency startup, acquired Rainberry in 2018, with Tron later introducing BTT, a BitTorrent cryptocurrency token. The token aimed to help monetize Rainberry's software, which had been free since inception, and made money for the company through ads in the user interface. In early 2023 Rainberry Inc. closed its San Francisco headquarters in the Financial District and laid off 92 employees. In March 2023, Sun served as CEO of Rainberry, Tron, and Peiwo simultaneously. In March 2023, the SEC sued Tron founder Justin Sun, the Tron foundation, the BitTorrent Foundation, and Rainberry Inc. over the sale of TRX and BTT tokens, and over the debate as to whether they counted as unregistered crypto asset securities. BitTorrent software BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer computer program developed by Bram Cohen and BitTorrent, Inc. that is used for uploading and downloading files via the BitTorrent protocol. BitTorrent was the first client written for the protocol. It is often nicknamed Mainline by developers, denoting its official origins. Since version 6.0, the BitTorrent client has been a rebranded version of μTorrent. As a result, it is no longer open source and is currently available for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. μTorrent 'μTorrent' is a freeware, closed source BitTorrent client owned by BitTorrent, Inc. It is available for Microsoft Windows, Android and Mac OS X. A μTorrent Server is available for Linux. All versions are written in C++. On December 7, 2006, μTorrent was purchased by BitTorrent, Inc., as it was announced on their official forum. BitTorrent/μTorrent Pro Pro is the name received by advanced versions, formerly branded Plus, of BitTorrent and μTorrent. These are premium versions of the Windows software with additional features that are downloaded and installed when the user upgrades for US$19.95. Pre-sales for Plus were announced November 29, 2011 and the upgrade became available December 8, 2011. A "Pro" version of uTorrent for Android also exists, for a lower initial price, though in-app purchases can take it over the cost of the desktop version. When a user upgrades to the Pro version of BitTorrent or μTorrent they enable the following features: Anti-virus protection for acquired .torrent files Integrated HD media player Transcoding capability with media codecs Streaming playback while torrent is downloading BitTorrent Sync BitTorrent Sync is a peer-to-peer file synchronization tool running on Windows, Mac, and Linux. It can sync files between computers on a local network, or between remote users over the Internet. The BitTorrent Sync pre-Alpha program, announced in January 2013, was opened to general users on April 23, 2013. On November 23, 2013, BitTorrent announced the release of version 1.2 of the client along with a beta version of the BitTorrent Sync API. On June 1, 2016, product and team were spun out of BitTorrent Inc. as an independent company, Resilio Inc. which will continue development of the product under the name Resilio Sync. BitTorrent Bundle The company has released "Bundles" with artists such as Linkin Park, Pixies, Public Enemy, and Madonna. The Madonna Bundle, entitled secretprojectrevolution, was released on September 24, 2013 and consisted of the 17-minute film of the same name, stills from the film, and an option for those users who submit their email addresses and make a donation that also includes HD and 2K versions of the film, a VICE interview, and a message from Madonna. On September 17, 2013, the company launched "BitTorrent Bundles for Publishers", an alpha program for content creators to distribute bundles of any size and file type using the BitTorrent client. The first released bundle was the fantasy feature film "Overturn: Awakening of the Warrior" starring Ukrainian Vietnamese actor Ivan Doan On September 26, 2014, Thom Yorke released his album Tomorrow's Modern Boxes as the first paid Bundle, priced at US$6.00. On October 3, 2014, it was announced that the project had been downloaded over 1 million times, which included the free single and video plus the paid downloads; sales numbers have not been released. On October 28, 2014, Alice in Chains released their music video for "Phantom Limb" via BitTorrent Bundle for free streaming and download. The bundle also included the video treatment and the shot list in PDF, as well as access to the band's merch. BitTorrent DNA BitTorrent, Inc. also offers BitTorrent DNA (Delivery Network Accelerator), a free content delivery service based on the BitTorrent protocol that allows content providers to distribute their content using the bandwidth of their users. SoShare (beta) On January 5, 2012, SoShare was released in alpha as "Share" within the μTorrent client, as a standalone desktop client and as a plug-in based web client. On February 15, 2013, the SoShare beta was launched and repositioned as a user-friendly web application that uses the BitTorrent protocol, designed for creative industry professionals to share high-res photos, files and videos using the app's email system or public links. From the official website, the service messages that registered users can send file bundles containing up to one terabyte of data per send, free. BitTorrent News Discontinued software BitTorrent Live First announced in September 2011 and was first publicly tested on October 14, 2011. BitTorrent premiered Live in public beta in March 2013. The platform was used to showcase live streaming events of musical acts and DJs. It was shut down in 2017. In March 2019 it was announced that BitTorrent Live is going to return in the form of Snapchat-like social media app for Android and iOS. BitTorrent Bleep BitTorrent Bleep is a multi-platform, peer-to-peer, serverless chat client available free on Windows, Mac, Android and iOS. Bleep was never officially discontinued, but as of August 2017 the website no longer exists, the Windows application is no longer available to download from their website, or on the Google Play store, the Bleep Blog hasn't been updated since August 2015, and the Bleep forums no longer have any active moderators participating. Project Maelstrom On December 10, 2014, BitTorrent announced Project Maelstrom, a Chromium-based browser project that enables censorship-resistant distributed Web publishing by utilizing the BitTorrent and DHT protocols. Initially, the project was run as a closed alpha, but was then opened as a public beta available for Windows only. Although no official discontinue notice has been announced as of February 2017, the BitTorrent Inc. website no longer provides the browser for download, the last build has not been updated past Chromium version 44, and the last post by the project lead staff was on September 14, 2015. DLive In late 2019, BitTorrent purchased DLive, which was created in 2017 as a blockchain-based video game streaming platform with lax moderation and generous monetization plans. Around this time, DLive became popular with far-right extremists and conspiracy theorists who had been banned from other platforms. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, "DLive has paid out hundreds of thousands of dollars to extremists since its founding, largely through donations of cryptocurrency built into a service provided by the site." DLive was used by multiple creators to stream and coordinate the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. Several of these streamers were subsequently banned by DLive. Partners According to the company's website, BitTorrent Inc. has announced partnerships with many companies, including, for venture capital, Accel Partners and DCM, technology partners ESA Flash Components, NTL:Telewest, Opera Software, and device partners Buffalo Technology, D-Link, I-O Data, Marvell Semiconductors, Netgear, Planex Communications Inc., and QNAP Systems, Inc. See also Peer-to-peer web hosting BitTorrent, a peer-to-peer file sharing protocol used for distributing data μTorrent, a freeware closed source BitTorrent client by BitTorrent, Inc. BitTorrent, a freeware closed source BitTorrent client by BitTorrent, Inc. BitTorrent DNA, a "Delivery Network Accelerator" Comparison of BitTorrent clients References External links American companies established in 2004 Internet technology companies of the United States BitTorrent Companies based in San Francisco South of Market, San Francisco Technology companies established in 2004
A wireless ad hoc network (WANET) or mobile ad hoc network (MANET) is a decentralized type of wireless network. The network is ad hoc because it does not rely on a pre-existing infrastructure, such as routers or wireless access points. Instead, each node participates in routing by forwarding data for other nodes. The determination of which nodes forward data is made dynamically on the basis of network connectivity and the routing algorithm in use. Such wireless networks lack the complexities of infrastructure setup and administration, enabling devices to create and join networks "on the fly". Each device in a MANET is free to move independently in any direction, and will therefore change its links to other devices frequently. Each must forward traffic unrelated to its own use, and therefore be a router. The primary challenge in building a MANET is equipping each device to continuously maintain the information required to properly route traffic. This becomes harder as the scale of the MANET increases due to 1) the desire to route packets to/through every other node, 2) the percentage of overhead traffic needed to maintain real-time routing status, 3) each node has its own goodput to route independent and unaware of others needs, and 4) all must share limited communication bandwidth, such as a slice of radio spectrum. Such networks may operate by themselves or may be connected to the larger Internet. They may contain one or multiple and different transceivers between nodes. This results in a highly dynamic, autonomous topology. MANETs usually have a routable networking environment on top of a link layer ad hoc network. History Packet radio The earliest wireless data network was called PRNET, the packet radio network, and was sponsored by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in the early 1970s. Bolt, Beranek and Newman Inc. (BBN) and SRI International designed, built, and experimented with these earliest systems. Experimenters included Robert Kahn, Jerry Burchfiel, and Ray Tomlinson. Similar experiments took place in the amateur radio community with the x25 protocol. These early packet radio systems predated the Internet, and indeed were part of the motivation of the original Internet Protocol suite. Later DARPA experiments included the Survivable Radio Network (SURAN) project, which took place in the 1980s. A successor to these systems was fielded in the mid-1990s for the US Army, and later other nations, as the Near-term digital radio. Another third wave of academic and research activity started in the mid-1990s with the advent of inexpensive 802.11 radio cards for personal computers. Current wireless ad hoc networks are designed primarily for military utility. Problems with packet radios are: (1) bulky elements, (2) slow data rate, (3) unable to maintain links if mobility is high. The project did not proceed much further until the early 1990s when wireless ad hoc networks were born. Early work on MANET The growth of laptops and 802.11/Wi-Fi wireless networking have made MANETs a popular research topic since the mid-1990s. Many academic papers evaluate protocols and their abilities, assuming varying degrees of mobility within a bounded space, usually with all nodes within a few hops of each other. Different protocols are then evaluated based on measures such as the packet drop rate, the overhead introduced by the routing protocol, end-to-end packet delays, network throughput, ability to scale, etc. In the early 1990s, Charles Perkins from SUN Microsystems USA, and Chai Keong Toh from Cambridge University separately started to work on a different Internet, that of a wireless ad hoc network. Perkins was working on the dynamic addressing issues. Toh worked on a new routing protocol, which was known as ABR – associativity-based routing. Perkins eventually proposed DSDV – Destination Sequence Distance Vector routing, which was based on distributed distance vector routing. Toh's proposal was an on-demand based routing, i.e. routes are discovered on-the-fly in real-time as and when needed. ABR was submitted to IETF as RFCs. ABR was implemented successfully into Linux OS on Lucent WaveLAN 802.11a enabled laptops and a practical ad hoc mobile network was therefore proven to be possible in 1999. Another routing protocol known as AODV was subsequently introduced and later proven and implemented in 2005. In 2007, David Johnson and Dave Maltz proposed DSR – Dynamic Source Routing. Applications The decentralized nature of wireless ad hoc networks makes them suitable for a variety of applications where central nodes can't be relied on and may improve the scalability of networks compared to wireless managed networks, though theoretical and practical limits to the overall capacity of such networks have been identified. Minimal configuration and quick deployment make ad hoc networks suitable for emergency situations like natural disasters or military conflicts. The presence of dynamic and adaptive routing protocols enables ad hoc networks to be formed quickly. Mobile ad hoc networks (MANETs) A mobile ad hoc network (MANET) is a continuously self-configuring, self-organizing, infrastructure-less network of mobile devices connected without wires. It is sometimes known as "on-the-fly" networks or "spontaneous networks". Vehicular ad hoc networks (VANETs) VANETs are used for communication between vehicles and roadside equipment. Intelligent vehicular ad hoc networks (InVANETs) are a kind of artificial intelligence that helps vehicles to behave in intelligent manners during vehicle-to-vehicle collisions, accidents. Vehicles are using radio waves to communicate with each other, creating communication networks instantly on-the-fly while vehicles move along roads. VANET needs to be secured with lightweight protocols. Smartphone ad hoc networks (SPANs) A SPAN leverages existing hardware (primarily Wi-Fi and Bluetooth) and software (protocols) in commercially available smartphones to create peer-to-peer networks without relying on cellular carrier networks, wireless access points, or traditional network infrastructure. SPANs differ from traditional hub and spoke networks, such as Wi-Fi Direct, in that they support multi-hop relays and there is no notion of a group leader so peers can join and leave at will without destroying the network. Apple's iPhone with iOS version 7.0 and higher is capable of multi-peer ad hoc mesh networking. Wireless mesh networks Mesh networks take their name from the topology of the resultant network. In a fully connected mesh, each node is connected to every other node, forming a "mesh". A partial mesh, by contrast, has a topology in which some nodes are not connected to others, although this term is seldom in use. Wireless ad hoc networks can take the form of a mesh networks or others. A wireless ad hoc network does not have fixed topology, and its connectivity among nodes is totally dependent on the behavior of the devices, their mobility patterns, distance with each other, etc. Hence, wireless mesh networks are a particular type of wireless ad hoc networks, with special emphasis on the resultant network topology. While some wireless mesh networks (particularly those within a home) have relatively infrequent mobility and thus infrequent link breaks, other more mobile mesh networks require frequent routing adjustments to account for lost links. Army tactical MANETs Military or tactical MANETs are used by military units with emphasis on data rate, real-time requirement, fast re-routing during mobility, data security, radio range, and integration with existing systems. Common radio waveforms include the US Army's JTRS SRW, Silvus Technologies MN-MIMO Waveform (Mobile Networked MIMO), Persistent System's WaveRelay and the Domo Tactical Communications (DTC) MeshUltra Tactical Waveform. Ad hoc mobile communications come in well to fulfill this need, especially its infrastructureless nature, fast deployment and operation. Military MANETs are used by military units with an emphasis on rapid deployment, infrastructureless, all-wireless networks (no fixed radio towers), robustness (link breaks are no problem), security, range, and instant operation. Air Force UAV ad hoc networks Flying ad hoc networks (FANETs) are composed of unmanned aerial vehicles, allowing great mobility and providing connectivity to remote areas. Unmanned aerial vehicle, is an aircraft with no pilot on board. UAVs can be remotely controlled (i.e., flown by a pilot at a ground control station) or can fly autonomously based on pre-programmed flight plans. Civilian usage of UAV include modeling 3D terrains, package delivery (Logistics), etc. UAVs have also been used by US Air Force for data collection and situation sensing, without risking the pilot in a foreign unfriendly environment. With wireless ad hoc network technology embedded into the UAVs, multiple UAVs can communicate with each other and work as a team, collaboratively to complete a task and mission. If a UAV is destroyed by an enemy, its data can be quickly offloaded wirelessly to other neighboring UAVs. The UAV ad hoc communication network is also sometimes referred to UAV instant sky network. More generally, aerial MANET in UAVs are now (as of 2021) successfully implemented and operational as mini tactical reconnaissance ISR UAVs like the BRAMOR C4EYE from Slovenia. Navy ad hoc networks Navy ships traditionally use satellite communications and other maritime radios to communicate with each other or with ground station back on land. However, such communications are restricted by delays and limited bandwidth. Wireless ad hoc networks enable ship-area-networks to be formed while at sea, enabling high-speed wireless communications among ships, enhancing their sharing of imaging and multimedia data, and better co-ordination in battlefield operations. Some defense companies (such as Rockwell Collins, Silvus Technologies and Rohde & Schwartz) have produced products that enhance ship-to-ship and ship-to-shore communications. Sensor networks Sensors are useful devices that collect information related to a specific parameter, such as noise, temperature, humidity, pressure, etc. Sensors are increasingly connected via wireless to allow large-scale collection of sensor data. With a large sample of sensor data, analytics processing can be used to make sense out of these data. The connectivity of wireless sensor networks rely on the principles behind wireless ad hoc networks, since sensors can now be deploy without any fixed radio towers, and they can now form networks on-the-fly. "Smart Dust" was one of the early projects done at U C Berkeley, where tiny radios were used to interconnect smart dust. More recently, mobile wireless sensor networks (MWSNs) have also become an area of academic interest. Robotics Efforts have been made to co-ordinate and control a group of robots to undertake collaborative work to complete a task. Centralized control is often based on a "star" approach, where robots take turns to talk to the controller station. However, with wireless ad hoc networks, robots can form a communication network on-the-fly, i.e., robots can now "talk" to each other and collaborate in a distributed fashion. With a network of robots, the robots can communicate among themselves, share local information, and distributively decide how to resolve a task in the most effective and efficient way. Disaster response Another civilian use of wireless ad hoc network is for public safety. At times of disasters (floods, storms, earthquakes, fires, etc.), a quick and instant wireless communication network is necessary. Especially at times of earthquakes when radio towers had collapsed or were destroyed, wireless ad hoc networks can be formed independently. Firefighters and rescue workers can use ad hoc networks to communicate and rescue those injured. Commercial radios with such capability are available on the market. Hospital ad hoc network Wireless ad hoc networks allow sensors, videos, instruments, and other devices to be deployed and interconnected wirelessly for clinic and hospital patient monitoring, doctor and nurses alert notification, and also making senses of such data quickly at fusion points, so that lives can be saved. Data monitoring and mining MANETS can be used for facilitating the collection of sensor data for data mining for a variety of applications such as air pollution monitoring and different types of architectures can be used for such applications. A key characteristic of such applications is that nearby sensor nodes monitoring an environmental feature typically register similar values. This kind of data redundancy due to the spatial correlation between sensor observations inspires the techniques for in-network data aggregation and mining. By measuring the spatial correlation between data sampled by different sensors, a wide class of specialized algorithms can be developed to develop more efficient spatial data mining algorithms as well as more efficient routing strategies. Also, researchers have developed performance models for MANET to apply queueing theory. Challenges Several books and works have revealed the technical and research challenges facing wireless ad hoc networks or MANETs. The advantages for users, the technical difficulties in implementation, and the side effect on radio spectrum pollution can be briefly summarized below: Advantages for users The obvious appeal of MANETs is that the network is decentralised and nodes/devices are mobile, that is to say there is no fixed infrastructure which provides the possibility for numerous applications in different areas such as environmental monitoring, disaster relief and military communications. Since the early 2000s, interest in MANETs has greatly increased which, in part, is due to the fact mobility can improve network capacity, shown by Grossglauser and Tse along with the introduction of new technologies. One main advantage to a decentralised network is that they are typically more robust than centralised networks due to the multi-hop fashion in which information is relayed. For example, in the cellular network setting, a drop in coverage occurs if a base station stops working, however the chance of a single point of failure in a MANET is reduced significantly since the data can take multiple paths. Since the MANET architecture evolves with time it has the potential to resolve issues such as isolation/disconnection from the network. Further advantages of MANETS over networks with a fixed topology include flexibility (an ad hoc network can be created anywhere with mobile devices), scalability (you can easily add more nodes to the network) and lower administration costs (no need to build an infrastructure first). Implementation difficulties With a time evolving network it is clear we should expect variations in network performance due to no fixed architecture (no fixed connections). Furthermore, since network topology determines interference and thus connectivity, the mobility pattern of devices within the network will impact on network performance, possibly resulting in data having to be resent a lot of times (increased delay) and finally allocation of network resources such as power remains unclear. Finally, finding a model that accurately represents human mobility whilst remaining mathematically tractable remains an open problem due to the large range of factors that influence it. Some typical models used include the random walk, random waypoint and levy flight models. Side effects Use of unlicensed frequency spectrum, contributing to radio spectrum pollution. Radios and Modulation Wireless ad hoc networks can operate over different types of radios. All radios use modulation to move information over a certain bandwidth of radio frequencies. Given the need to move large amounts of information quickly over long distances, a MANET radio channel ideally has large bandwidth (e.g. amount of radio spectrum), lower frequencies, and higher power. Given the desire to communicate with many other nodes ideally simultaneously, many channels are needed. Given radio spectrum is shared and regulated, there is less bandwidth available at lower frequencies. Processing many radio channels requires many resources. Given the need for mobility, small size and lower power consumption are very important. Picking a MANET radio and modulation has many trade-offs; many start with the specific frequency and bandwidth they are allowed to use. Radios can be UHF (300 – 3000 MHz), SHF (3 – 30 GHz), and EHF (30 – 300 GHz). Wi-Fi ad hoc uses the unlicensed ISM 2.4 GHz radios. They can also be used on 5.8 GHz radios. The higher the frequency, such as those of 300 GHz, absorption of the signal will be more predominant. Army tactical radios usually employ a variety of UHF and SHF radios, including those of VHF to provide a variety of communication modes. At the 800, 900, 1200, 1800 MHz range, cellular radios are predominant. Some cellular radios use ad hoc communications to extend cellular range to areas and devices not reachable by the cellular base station. Next generation Wi-Fi known as 802.11ax provides low delay, high capacity (up to 10Gbit/s) and low packet loss rate, offering 12 streams – 8 streams at 5 GHz and 4 streams at 2.4 GHz. IEEE 802.11ax uses 8x8 MU-MIMO, OFDMA, and 80 MHz channels. Hence, 802.11ax has the ability to form high capacity Wi-Fi ad hoc networks. At 60 GHz, there is another form of Wi-Fi known as WiGi – wireless gigabit. This has the ability to offer up to 7Gbit/s throughput. Currently, WiGi is targeted to work with 5G cellular networks. Circa 2020, the general consensus finds the 'best' modulation for moving information over higher frequency waves to be Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing, as used in 4G LTE, 5G, and Wi-Fi. Protocol stack The challenges affecting MANETs span from various layers of the OSI protocol stack. The media access layer (MAC) has to be improved to resolve collisions and hidden terminal problems. The network layer routing protocol has to be improved to resolve dynamically changing network topologies and broken routes. The transport layer protocol has to be improved to handle lost or broken connections. The session layer protocol has to deal with discovery of servers and services. A major limitation with mobile nodes is that they have high mobility, causing links to be frequently broken and reestablished. Moreover, the bandwidth of a wireless channel is also limited, and nodes operate on limited battery power, which will eventually be exhausted. These factors make the design of a mobile ad hoc network challenging. The cross-layer design deviates from the traditional network design approach in which each layer of the stack would be made to operate independently. The modified transmission power will help that node to dynamically vary its propagation range at the physical layer. This is because the propagation distance is always directly proportional to transmission power. This information is passed from the physical layer to the network layer so that it can take optimal decisions in routing protocols. A major advantage of this protocol is that it allows access of information between physical layer and top layers (MAC and network layer). Some elements of the software stack were developed to allow code updates in situ, i.e., with the nodes embedded in their physical environment and without needing to bring the nodes back into the lab facility. Such software updating relied on epidemic mode of dissemination of information and had to be done both efficiently (few network transmissions) and fast. Routing Routing in wireless ad hoc networks or MANETs generally falls into three categories, namely: proactive routing, reactive routing, and hybrid routing. Proactive routing This type of protocols maintains fresh lists of destinations and their routes by periodically distributing routing tables throughout the network. The main disadvantages of such algorithms are: Respective amount of data for maintenance. Slow reaction on restructuring and failures. Example: Optimized Link State Routing Protocol (OLSR) Distance vector routing As in a fix net nodes maintain routing tables. Distance-vector protocols are based on calculating the direction and distance to any link in a network. "Direction" usually means the next hop address and the exit interface. "Distance" is a measure of the cost to reach a certain node. The least cost route between any two nodes is the route with minimum distance. Each node maintains a vector (table) of minimum distance to every node. The cost of reaching a destination is calculated using various route metrics. RIP uses the hop count of the destination whereas IGRP takes into account other information such as node delay and available bandwidth. Reactive routing This type of protocol finds a route based on user and traffic demand by flooding the network with Route Request or Discovery packets. The main disadvantages of such algorithms are: High latency time in route finding. Excessive flooding can lead to network clogging. However, clustering can be used to limit flooding. The latency incurred during route discovery is not significant compared to periodic route update exchanges by all nodes in the network. Example: Ad hoc On-Demand Distance Vector Routing (AODV) Flooding Is a simple routing algorithm in which every incoming packet is sent through every outgoing link except the one it arrived on. Flooding is used in bridging and in systems such as Usenet and peer-to-peer file sharing and as part of some routing protocols, including OSPF, DVMRP, and those used in wireless ad hoc networks. Hybrid routing This type of protocol combines the advantages of proactive and reactive routing. The routing is initially established with some proactively prospected routes and then serves the demand from additionally activated nodes through reactive flooding. The choice of one or the other method requires predetermination for typical cases. The main disadvantages of such algorithms are: Advantage depends on number of other nodes activated. Reaction to traffic demand depends on gradient of traffic volume. Example: Zone Routing Protocol (ZRP) Position-based routing Position-based routing methods use information on the exact locations of the nodes. This information is obtained for example via a GPS receiver. Based on the exact location the best path between source and destination nodes can be determined. Example: "Location-Aided Routing in mobile ad hoc networks" (LAR) Technical requirements for implementation An ad hoc network is made up of multiple "nodes" connected by "links." Links are influenced by the node's resources (e.g., transmitter power, computing power and memory) and behavioral properties (e.g., reliability), as well as link properties (e.g. length-of-link and signal loss, interference and noise). Since links can be connected or disconnected at any time, a functioning network must be able to cope with this dynamic restructuring, preferably in a way that is timely, efficient, reliable, robust, and scalable. The network must allow any two nodes to communicate by relaying the information via other nodes. A "path" is a series of links that connects two nodes. Various routing methods use one or two paths between any two nodes; flooding methods use all or most of the available paths. Medium-access control In most wireless ad hoc networks, the nodes compete for access to shared wireless medium, often resulting in collisions (interference). Collisions can be handled using centralized scheduling or distributed contention access protocols. Using cooperative wireless communications improves immunity to interference by having the destination node combine self-interference and other-node interference to improve decoding of the desired signals. Simulation One key problem in wireless ad hoc networks is foreseeing the variety of possible situations that can occur. As a result, modeling and simulation (M&S) using extensive parameter sweeping and what-if analysis becomes an extremely important paradigm for use in ad hoc networks. One solution is the use of simulation tools like OPNET, NetSim or ns2. A comparative study of various simulators for VANETs reveal that factors such as constrained road topology, multi-path fading and roadside obstacles, traffic flow models, trip models, varying vehicular speed and mobility, traffic lights, traffic congestion, drivers' behavior, etc., have to be taken into consideration in the simulation process to reflect realistic conditions. Emulation testbed In 2009, the U.S. Army Research Laboratory (ARL) and Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) developed a Mobile Ad-Hoc Network emulation testbed, where algorithms and applications were subjected to representative wireless network conditions. The testbed was based on a version of the "MANE" (Mobile Ad hoc Network Emulator) software originally developed by NRL. Mathematical models The traditional model is the random geometric graph. Early work included simulating ad hoc mobile networks on sparse and densely connected topologies. Nodes are firstly scattered in a constrained physical space randomly. Each node then has a predefined fixed cell size (radio range). A node is said to be connected to another node if this neighbor is within its radio range. Nodes are then moved (migrated away) based on a random model, using random walk or brownian motion. Different mobility and number of nodes present yield different route length and hence different number of multi-hops. These are graphs consisting of a set of nodes placed according to a point process in some usually bounded subset of the n-dimensional plane, mutually coupled according to a boolean probability mass function of their spatial separation (see e.g. unit disk graphs). The connections between nodes may have different weights to model the difference in channel attenuations. One can then study network observables (such as connectivity, centrality or the degree distribution) from a graph-theoretic perspective. One can further study network protocols and algorithms to improve network throughput and fairness. Security Most wireless ad hoc networks do not implement any network access control, leaving these networks vulnerable to resource consumption attacks where a malicious node injects packets into the network with the goal of depleting the resources of the nodes relaying the packets. To thwart or prevent such attacks, it was necessary to employ authentication mechanisms that ensure that only authorized nodes can inject traffic into the network. Even with authentication, these networks are vulnerable to packet dropping or delaying attacks, whereby an intermediate node drops the packet or delays it, rather than promptly sending it to the next hop. In a multicast and dynamic environment, establishing temporary 1:1 secure 'sessions' using PKI with every other node is not feasible (like is done with HTTPS, most VPNs, etc. at the transport layer). Instead, a common solution is to use pre-shared keys for symmetric, authenticated encryption at the link layer, for example MACsec using AES-256-GCM. With this method, every properly formatted packet received is authenticated then passed along for decryption or dropped. It also means the key(s) in each node must be changed more often and simultaneously (e.g. to avoid reusing an IV). Trust management Trust establishment and management in MANETs face challenges due to resource constraints and the complex interdependency of networks. Managing trust in a MANET needs to consider the interactions between the composite cognitive, social, information and communication networks, and take into account the resource constraints (e.g., computing power, energy, bandwidth, time), and dynamics (e.g., topology changes, node mobility, node failure, propagation channel conditions). Researchers of trust management in MANET suggested that such complex interactions require a composite trust metric that captures aspects of communications and social networks, and corresponding trust measurement, trust distribution, and trust management schemes. Continuous monitoring of every node within a MANET is necessary for trust and reliability but difficult because it by definition is dis-continuous, 2) it requires input from the node itself and 3) from its 'nearby' peers. See also Ad hoc wireless distribution service Delay-tolerant networking Independent basic service set (IBSS) List of ad hoc routing protocols Mobile wireless sensor network Personal area network (PAN) Smart meter Wi-Fi Direct Wireless community network Wireless mesh network Wireless sensor networks References Further reading External links IETF MANET group Wireless networking
Natalya Aleksandrovna Mammadova (; born 2 December 1984) is a retired Ukrainian and Azerbaijani volleyball player. Natalya played as an outside hitter and is widely recognized as one of the best players of her generation, as well as the most successful Azerbaijani volleyball player. Natalya represented Azerbaijan national team from 2004 until 2018 and is one of the most capped players in the history of the country. She announced her retirement from volleyball in May 2021. Career Natalya won the League Round "Best Scorer" award three seasons in a row, from 2004/05 with Azerrail Baku also winning the League Round "Best Attacker"; in 2005/06 and the 2006/07. Mammadova lost the final game at the 2010–11 CEV Champions League Final Four with her team Rabita Baku, finishing as Runner-up and winning the "Best Server" award. Mammadova won the bronze medal at the 2015 FIVB Club World Championship, playing with the Swiss club Voléro Zürich. Awards Individuals 2004–05 CEV Indesit Champions League League Round "Best Scorer" 2004–05 CEV Indesit Champions League League Round "Best Attacker" 2005–06 CEV Indesit Champions League League Round "Best Scorer" 2006 Swiss Championship Finals "Best Scorer" 2006–07 CEV Indesit Champions League League Round "Best Scorer" 2007 "European Player of the Year" 2007 Swiss Championship "Most Valuable Player" 2007 Swiss Championship "Best Scorer" 2007 Swiss Cup "Most Valuable Player" 2009–10 Russian Superleague "Best Scorer" 2010–11 CEV Champions League Final Four "Best Server" 2010–11 Azerbaijan Superleague "Best Spiker" 2011–12 Azerbaijan Superleague "Most Valuable Player" 2012–13 Russian Superleague "Best Scorer" 2017 Russian Cup "Most Valuable Player" Clubs 2002–03 Russian Cup – Champion, with Zarechie Odintsovo 2003–04 Azerbaijan Superleague – Champion, with Azerrail Baku 2004–05 Azerbaijan Superleague – Champion, with Azerrail Baku 2005–06 Swiss Championship – Champion, with Voléro Zürich 2005–06 Swiss Cup – Champion, with Voléro Zürich 2007–08 Spanish Superliga – Runner-Up, with İcaro Palma 2008–09 Turkish Women's Volleyball League – Bronze medal, with Türk Telekom Ankara 2009–10 Russian Superleague – Bronze medal, with Dinamo Krasnodar 2010–11 CEV Champions League – Runner-Up, with Rabita Baku 2010–11 Azerbaijan Superleague – Champion, with Rabita Baku 2011 FIVB Club World Championship – Champion, with Rabita Baku 2011–12 Azerbaijan Superleague – Champion, with Rabita Baku 2012–13 Russian Superleague – Bronze medal, with Omichka Omsk 2013–14 Russian Superleague – Bronze medal, with Omichka Omsk 2015 FIVB Club World Championship – Bronze medal, with Voléro Zürich 2017 FIVB Club World Championship – Bronze medal, with Voléro Zürich 2017 Russian Cup – Champion, with WVC Dynamo Kazan References External links FIVB Profile Voléro Zürich Profile Italian League Profile 1984 births Living people Sportspeople from Donetsk Ukrainian women's volleyball players Azerbaijani women's volleyball players Ukrainian emigrants to Azerbaijan Naturalized citizens of Azerbaijan Türk Telekom volleyballers Expatriate volleyball players in Italy Expatriate volleyball players in Russia Expatriate volleyball players in Spain Expatriate volleyball players in Switzerland Expatriate volleyball players in Turkey Outside hitters Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Italy Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Russia Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Spain Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in Turkey Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in China Azerbaijani expatriate sportspeople in France Expatriate volleyball players in China Expatriate volleyball players in France
dom4j is an open-source Java library for working with XML, XPath and XSLT. It is compatible with DOM, SAX and JAXP standards. The library is distributed under an BSD-style license. Versions The stable version of dom4j for Java 1.4, 1.6.1, was released on May 16, 2005. The stable version of dom4j for Java 1.5, 2.0.3, was released on April 11, 2020. The stable version of dom4j, 2.1.3, was released on April 12, 2020. The latest stable version of dom4j, 2.1.4, was released on January 22, 2023. References External links Official website Source and Binary files Java (programming language) libraries Software using the BSD license
The Linux Foundation (LF) is a non-profit organization established in 2000 to support Linux development and open-source software projects. In addition to providing a neutral home where Linux kernel development can be protected and accelerated, the LF is dedicated to building sustainable ecosystems around open-source projects to accelerate technology development and commercial adoption. Background Initially founded to standardize and promote the open source operating system Linux as Open Source Development Labs in 2000, the LF was formed as a merger with Free Standards Group in 2007. The foundation has since evolved beyond Linux to become a "foundation of foundations" that hosts a variety of projects spanning topics such as cloud, networking, blockchain, and hardware. The foundation also hosts annual educational events among the Linux community to solve pressing issues facing Linux and open source, including the Linux Kernel Developers Summit and the Open Source Summit. Projects , the total economic value of development costs of Linux Foundation Collaborative Projects was estimated at $5 billion. Community stewardship For the Linux kernel community, the Linux Foundation hosts its IT infrastructure and organizes conferences such as the Linux Kernel Summit and Linux Plumbers Conference. It also hosts a Technical Advisory Board made up of Linux kernel developers. One of these developers is appointed to sit on the Linux Foundation board. Goodwill partnership In January 2016, the Linux Foundation announced a partnership with Goodwill Central Texas to help hundreds of disadvantaged individuals from underserved communities and a variety of backgrounds get the training they need to start new and lucrative careers in Linux IT. Community Specification In July 2020, the Linux Foundation announced an initiative allowing open source communities to create Open Standards using tools and methods inspired by open source developers. Core Infrastructure Initiative The Core Infrastructure Initiative (CII), a project managed by the Linux Foundation that enables technology companies, industry stakeholders and esteemed developers to collaboratively identify and fund critical open source projects in need of assistance. In June 2015, the organization announced financial support of nearly $500,000 for three new projects to better support critical security elements of the global information infrastructure. In May 2016, CII launched its Best Practice Badge program to raise awareness of development processes and project governance steps that will help projects have better security outcomes. In May 2017, CII issued its 100th badge to a passing project. Community Data License Agreement (CDLA) Introduced in October 2017, the Community Data License Agreement (CDLA) is a legal framework for sharing data. There are two initial CDLA licenses: The CDLA-Sharing license was designed to embody the principles of copyleft in a data license. It puts terms in place to ensure that downstream recipients can use and modify that data, and are also required to share their changes to the data. The CDLA-Permissive agreement is similar to permissive open source licenses in that the publisher of data allows anyone to use, modify and do what they want with the data with no obligations to share changes or modifications. Linux.com On March 3, 2009, the Linux Foundation announced that they would take over the management of Linux.com from its previous owners, SourceForge, Inc. The site was relaunched on May 13, 2009, shifting away from its previous incarnation as a news site to become a central source for Linux tutorials, information, software, documentation and answers across the server, desktop/netbook, mobile, and embedded areas. It also includes a directory of Linux software and hardware. Much like Linux itself, Linux.com plans to rely on the community to create and drive content and conversation. Linux Foundation Public Health (LFPH) In 2020 amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, the Linux Foundation announced the LFPH, a program dedicated to advancing and supporting the virus contact tracing work led by Google and Apple and their Bluetooth notification systems. The LFPH is focusing its efforts on public health applications, including the effort's first initiative: a notification app intended for governments wanting to launch their privacy-focused exposure notification networks. As of today, LFPH hosts two contact-tracing apps. LF Climate Finance Foundation In September 2020, The Linux Foundation announced the LF Climate Finance Foundation (LFCF), a new initiative "to encourage investment in AI-enhanced open source analytics to address climate change." LFCF plans to build a platform that will utilize open-source open data to help the financial investment, NGO, and academia sectors to help better model companies’ exposure to climate change. Allianz, Amazon, Microsoft, and S&P Global will be the initiative's founding members. LF Energy LF Energy is an initiative launched by the Linux Foundation in 2018 to improve the power grid. Training and certification The Linux Foundation Training Program features instructors and content from the leaders of the Linux developer and open-source communities. Participants receive Linux training that is vendor-neutral and created with oversight from leaders of the Linux development community. The Linux Foundation's online and in-person training programs aim to deliver broad, foundational knowledge and networking opportunities. In March 2014, the Linux Foundation and edX partnered to offer a free massive open online class titled Introduction to Linux. This was the first in a series of ongoing free offerings from both organizations whose current catalogue of MOOCs include Intro to DevOps, Intro to Cloud Foundry and Cloud Native Software Architecture, Intro to Apache Hadoop, Intro to Cloud Infrastructure Technologies, and Intro to OpenStack. In December 2015, the Linux Foundation introduced a self-paced course designed to help prepare administrators for the OpenStack Foundation's Certified OpenStack Administrator exam. As part of a partnership with Microsoft, it was announced in December 2015 that the Linux on Azure certification would be awarded to individuals who pass both the Microsoft Exam 70-533 (Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions) and the Linux Foundation Certified System Administrator (LFCS) exam. In early 2017, at the annual Open Source Leadership Summit, it was announced that the Linux Foundation would begin offering an Inclusive Speaker Orientation course in partnership with the National Center for Women & Information Technology. The free course is designed to give participants "practical skills to promote inclusivity in their presentations." In September 2020, the Linux Foundation released a free serverless computing training course with CNCF. It is taught by Alex Ellis, founder of OpenFaaS. Among many other organizations with similar offerings, The Linux Foundation has reported a 40% increase in demand for their online courses in 2020 during the coronavirus pandemic and the resulting social-distancing measures. Patent Commons Project The patent commons consists of all patented software which has been made available to the open source community. For software to be considered to be in the commons the patent owner must guarantee that developers will not be sued for infringement, though there may be some restrictions on the use of the patented code. The concept was first given substance by Red Hat in 2001 when it published its Patent Promise. The Patent Commons Project was launched on November 15, 2005, by the Open Source Development Labs (OSDL). The core of the project is an online patent commons reference library aggregating and documenting information about patent-related pledges and other legal solutions directed at the open-source software community. , the project listed 53 patents. Open Compliance Program The Linux Foundation's Open Compliance Program provides an array of programs for open source software compliance. The focus in this initiative is to educate and assist developers (and their companies) on license requirements in order to build programs without friction. The program consists primarily of self-administered training modules, but it is also meant to include automated tools to help programmatically identify license compliance issues. Funding Funding for the Linux Foundation comes primarily from its Platinum Members, who pay US$500,000 per year according to Schedule A in LF's bylaws, adding up to US$4 million. The Gold Members contribute a combined total of US$1.6 million, and smaller members less again. As of April 2014, the foundation collected annual fees worth at least US$6,245,000. Use of donations Before early 2018, the Linux Foundation's website stated that it "uses [donations] in part to help fund the infrastructure and fellows (like Linus Torvalds) who help develop the Linux kernel." See also Contributor Covenant - code of conduct intended to ensure a safe and harassment-free environment for minorities. References External links
Telepathy is a software framework which can be used to make software for interpersonal communications such as instant messaging, Voice over IP or videoconferencing. Telepathy enables the creation of communications applications using components via the D-Bus inter-process communication mechanism. Through this it aims to simplify development of communications applications and promote code reuse within the free software and open source communities by defining a logical boundary between the applications and underlying network protocols. Implementations There are free software implementations of various protocols that export Telepathy interfaces: Gabble: for XMPP, including support for Jingle Butterfly: for Windows Live Messenger Idle: for Internet Relay Chat Salut: for the link-local XMPP protocol Haze: for accessing protocols supported by libpurple, the library used by the Pidgin messaging client. This was done as a Google Summer of Code project in 2007. Spirit: for the Skype protocol on the Nokia N900 and Nokia N9 Rakia: for the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), using Nokia's open source Sofia-SIP library Morse: for Telegram Mission Control is the name of the component that provides a way for end-user applications to abstract some details of low level telepathy components such as connection managers. Tubes are Telepathy's mechanism for supporting arbitrary data transfer and remote IPC. Telepathy forms the basis of the instant messaging and voice/video calling software on the Nokia 770, N800, N810, N900, N9 and Jolla. How Telepathy works Protocol implementations provide a D-Bus service called a connection manager. Telepathy clients use these to create connections to services. Once a connection is established, further communication happens using objects called channels which are requested from the connection. A channel might be used to send and receive text messages, or represent the contact list, or to establish a VoIP call. Applications Empathy KDE Telepathy Sugar See also Farstream (formerly Farsight) References External links Project website "IM/VOIP Communications Framework" video download (77MB ogg) of talk by lead developer Robert McQueen on Telepathy. Streaming Flash video. KDE-Telepathy actual 0.9.0 Telepathy Developer's Manual Applications using D-Bus Free instant messaging clients Free network-related software Freedesktop.org
United Nations Security Council Resolution 340 was adopted on October 25, 1973, during the Yom Kippur War. It was passed after the Security Council was informed of the apparent failure of UNSCR 338 and UNSCR 339 to end the fighting. In UNSCR 340, the Council demanded that the belligerent parties cease fire immediately and completely, and return to the positions occupied by them at 1650 GMT on 22 October 1973. The Council also Requested the Secretary-General to increase the number of United Nations military observers on both sides of the cease-fire lines. Set up a United Nations Emergency Force to be composed of personnel drawn from UN member states except the permanent members of the Security Council. Requested the Secretary-General to report back within 24 hours on these two provisions. Requested the Secretary-General report back on a continuing basis on the implementation of this resolution, as well as 338 and 339, and requested all member states to co-operate fully in the implementation of these resolutions. The resolution was adopted with 14 votes to none. The People's Republic of China did not vote or formally abstain. See also Arab–Israeli conflict List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 301 to 400 (1971–1976) United Nations Truce Supervision Organization Yom Kippur War References Text of Resolution at undocs.org External links 0340 Yom Kippur War 0340 October 1973 events
Narus Inc. was a software company and vendor of big data analytics for cybersecurity. History In 1997, Ori Cohen, Vice President of Business and Technology Development for VDONet, founded Narus with Stas Khirman in Israel. Presently, they are employed with Deutsche Telekom AG and are not members of Narus' executive team. In 2010, Narus became a subsidiary of Boeing, located in Sunnyvale, California. In 2015, Narus was sold to Symantec. Here are some of the key events in Narus's history: 1997: Narus is founded. 2001: Narus's products are used to track the September 11th terrorist attacks. 2004: Narus's products are used to track the spread of the Stuxnet worm. 2014: Narus is acquired by Boeing. 2015: Boeing's Phantom Works Intelligence & Analytics business is formed. Narus was a pioneer in the field of big data analytics for cybersecurity. The company's products helped to protect organizations from a variety of cyber threats. Narus's products are no longer available, but Boeing's Phantom Works Intelligence & Analytics business continues to offer cybersecurity solutions. Management In 2004, Narus employed former Deputy Director of the National Security Agency, William Crowell as a director. From the Press Release announcing this: Narus software Narus software primarily captures various computer network traffic in real-time and analyzes results. Before 9/11 Narus built carrier-grade tools to analyze IP network traffic for billing purposes, to prevent what Narus called "revenue leakage". Post-9/11 Narus added more "semantic monitoring abilities" for surveillance. Mobile Narus provided Telecom Egypt with deep packet inspection equipment, a content-filtering technology that allows network managers to inspect, track and target content from users of the Internet and mobile phones, as it passes through routers. The national telecommunications authorities of both Pakistan and Saudi Arabia are global Narus customers. Controversies AT&T wiretapping room Narus supplied the software and hardware used at AT&T wiretapping rooms, according to whistleblowers Thomas Drake, and Mark Klein. See also Carnivore (software) Communications Assistance For Law Enforcement Act Computer surveillance ECHELON Hepting vs. AT&T, the 2006 lawsuit in which the Electronic Frontier Foundation alleges AT&T allowed the NSA to tap the entirety of its clients' Internet and voice over IP communications using Narus equipment. Lincoln (surveillance) Room 641A SIGINT Total Information Awareness Verint Systems References External links Wired News article Wired News article (AT&T whistleblower Mark Klein discusses Narus STA 6400) Frontline Flash Video "Spying on the Home Front" TV documentary originally aired on PBS 15 May 2007 with a section entitled "The NSA's Eavesdropping at AT&T" with the story of Mark Klein exposing NSA wiretapping with a secure room and Narus STA 6400 at an AT&T facility in San Francisco, CA Software companies established in 1997 Software companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area Companies based in Sunnyvale, California Former defense companies of the United States Computer security software companies 2010 mergers and acquisitions 2015 mergers and acquisitions Boeing mergers and acquisitions Gen Digital acquisitions Defunct software companies of the United States
In mathematics, a univariate polynomial of degree with real or complex coefficients has complex roots, if counted with their multiplicities. They form a multiset of points in the complex plane. This article concerns the geometry of these points, that is the information about their localization in the complex plane that can be deduced from the degree and the coefficients of the polynomial. Some of these geometrical properties are related to a single polynomial, such as upper bounds on the absolute values of the roots, which define a disk containing all roots, or lower bounds on the distance between two roots. Such bounds are widely used for root-finding algorithms for polynomials, either for tuning them, or for computing their computational complexity. Some other properties are probabilistic, such as the expected number of real roots of a random polynomial of degree with real coefficients, which is less than for sufficiently large. In this article, a polynomial that is considered is always denoted where are real or complex numbers and ; thus is the degree of the polynomial. Continuous dependence on coefficients The roots of a polynomial of degree depend continuously on the coefficients. For simple roots, this results immediately from the implicit function theorem. This is true also for multiple roots, but some care is needed for the proof. A small change of coefficients may induce a dramatic change of the roots, including the change of a real root into a complex root with a rather large imaginary part (see Wilkinson's polynomial). A consequence is that, for classical numeric root-finding algorithms, the problem of approximating the roots given the coefficients is ill-conditioned for many inputs. Conjugation The complex conjugate root theorem states that if the coefficients of a polynomial are real, then the non-real roots appear in pairs of the form . It follows that the roots of a polynomial with real coefficients are mirror-symmetric with respect to the real axis. This can be extended to algebraic conjugation: the roots of a polynomial with rational coefficients are conjugate (that is, invariant) under the action of the Galois group of the polynomial. However, this symmetry can rarely be interpreted geometrically. Bounds on all roots Upper bounds on the absolute values of polynomial roots are widely used for root-finding algorithms, either for limiting the regions where roots should be searched, or for the computation of the computational complexity of these algorithms. Many such bounds have been given, and the sharper one depends generally on the specific sequence of coefficient that are considered. Most bounds are greater or equal to one, and are thus not sharp for a polynomial which have only roots of absolute values lower than one. However, such polynomials are very rare, as shown below. Any upper bound on the absolute values of roots provides a corresponding lower bound. In fact, if and is an upper bound of the absolute values of the roots of then is a lower bound of the absolute values of the roots of since the roots of either polynomial are the multiplicative inverses of the roots of the other. Therefore, in the remainder of the article lower bounds will not be given explicitly. Lagrange's and Cauchy's bounds Lagrange and Cauchy were the first to provide upper bounds on all complex roots. Lagrange's bound is and Cauchy's bound is Lagrange's bound is sharper (smaller) than Cauchy's bound only when 1 is larger than the sum of all but the largest. This is relatively rare in practice, and explains why Cauchy's bound is more widely used than Lagrange's. Both bounds result from the Gershgorin circle theorem applied to the companion matrix of the polynomial and its transpose. They can also be proved by elementary methods. If is a root of the polynomial, and one has Dividing by one gets which is Lagrange's bound when there is at least one root of absolute value larger than 1. Otherwise, 1 is a bound on the roots, and is not larger than Lagrange's bound. Similarly, for Cauchy's bound, one has, if , Thus Solving in , one gets Cauchy's bound if there is a root of absolute value larger than 1. Otherwise the bound is also correct, as Cauchy's bound is larger than 1. These bounds are not invariant by scaling. That is, the roots of the polynomial are the quotient by of the root of , and the bounds given for the roots of are not the quotient by of the bounds of . Thus, one may get sharper bounds by minimizing over possible scalings. This gives and for Lagrange's and Cauchy's bounds respectively. Another bound, originally given by Lagrange, but attributed to Zassenhaus by Donald Knuth, is This bound is invariant by scaling. Let be the largest for . Thus one has for If is a root of , one has and thus, after dividing by As we want to prove , we may suppose that (otherwise there is nothing to prove). Thus which gives the result, since Lagrange improved this latter bound into the sum of the two largest values (possibly equal) in the sequence Lagrange also provided the bound where denotes the th nonzero coefficient when the terms of the polynomials are sorted by increasing degrees. Using Hölder's inequality Hölder's inequality allows the extension of Lagrange's and Cauchy's bounds to every -norm. The -norm of a sequence is for any real number , and If with , and , an upper bound on the absolute values of the roots of is For and , one gets respectively Cauchy's and Lagrange's bounds. For , one has the bound This is not only a bound of the absolute values of the roots, but also a bound of the product of their absolute values larger than 1; see , below. Let be a root of the polynomial Setting we have to prove that every root of satisfies If the inequality is true; so, one may suppose for the remainder of the proof. Writing the equation as Hölder's inequality implies If , this is Thus In the case , the summation formula for a geometric progression, gives Thus which simplifies to Thus, in all cases which finishes the proof. Other bounds Many other upper bounds for the magnitudes of all roots have been given. Fujiwara's bound slightly improves the bound given above by dividing the last argument of the maximum by two. Kojima's bound is where denotes the th nonzero coefficient when the terms of the polynomials are sorted by increasing degrees. If all coefficients are nonzero, Fujiwara's bound is sharper, since each element in Fujiwara's bound is the geometric mean of first elements in Kojima's bound. Sun and Hsieh obtained another improvement on Cauchy's bound. Assume the polynomial is monic with general term . Sun and Hsieh showed that upper bounds and could be obtained from the following equations. is the positive root of the cubic equation They also noted that . Landau's inequality The previous bounds are upper bounds for each root separately. Landau's inequality provides an upper bound for the absolute values of the product of the roots that have an absolute value greater than one. This inequality, discovered in 1905 by Edmund Landau, has been forgotten and rediscovered at least three times during the 20th century. This bound of the product of roots is not much greater than the best preceding bounds of each root separately. Let be the roots of the polynomial . If is the Mahler measure of , then Surprisingly, this bound of the product of the absolute values larger than 1 of the roots is not much larger than the best bounds of one root that have been given above for a single root. This bound is even exactly equal to one of the bounds that are obtained using Hölder's inequality. This bound is also useful to bound the coefficients of a divisor of a polynomial with integer coefficients: if is a divisor of , then and, by Vieta's formulas, for , where is a binomial coefficient. Thus and Discs containing some roots From Rouché theorem Rouché's theorem allows defining discs centered at zero and containing a given number of roots. More precisely, if there is a positive real number and an integer such that then there are exactly roots, counted with multiplicity, of absolute value less than . If then By Rouché's theorem, this implies directly that and have the same number of roots of absolute values less than , counted with multiplicities. As this number is , the result is proved. The above result may be applied if the polynomial takes a negative value for some positive real value of . In the remaining of the section, suppose that . If it is not the case, zero is a root, and the localization of the other roots may be studied by dividing the polynomial by a power of the indeterminate, getting a polynomial with a nonzero constant term. For and , Descartes' rule of signs shows that the polynomial has exactly one positive real root. If and are these roots, the above result shows that all the roots satisfy As these inequalities apply also to and these bounds are optimal for polynomials with a given sequence of the absolute values of their coefficients. They are thus sharper than all bounds given in the preceding sections. For , Descartes' rule of signs implies that either has two positive real roots that are not multiple, or is nonnegative for every positive value of . So, the above result may be applied only in the first case. If are these two roots, the above result implies that for roots of , and that for the other roots. Instead of explicitly computing and it is generally sufficient to compute a value such that (necessarily ). These have the property of separating roots in terms of their absolute values: if, for , both and exist, there are exactly roots such that For computing one can use the fact that is a convex function (its second derivative is positive). Thus exists if and only if is negative at its unique minimum. For computing this minimum, one can use any optimization method, or, alternatively, Newton's method for computing the unique positive zero of the derivative of (it converges rapidly, as the derivative is a monotonic function). One can increase the number of existing 's by applying the root squaring operation of the Dandelin–Graeffe iteration. If the roots have distinct absolute values, one can eventually completely separate the roots in terms of their absolute values, that is, compute positive numbers such there is exactly one root with an absolute value in the open interval for . From Gershgorin circle theorem The Gershgorin circle theorem applies the companion matrix of the polynomial on a basis related to Lagrange interpolation to define discs centered at the interpolation points, each containing a root of the polynomial; see for details. If the interpolation points are close to the roots of the roots of the polynomial, the radii of the discs are small, and this is a key ingredient of Durand–Kerner method for computing polynomial roots. Bounds of real roots For polynomials with real coefficients, it is often useful to bound only the real roots. It suffices to bound the positive roots, as the negative roots of are the positive roots of . Clearly, every bound of all roots applies also for real roots. But in some contexts, tighter bounds of real roots are useful. For example, the efficiency of the method of continued fractions for real-root isolation strongly depends on tightness of a bound of positive roots. This has led to establishing new bounds that are tighter than the general bounds of all roots. These bounds are generally expressed not only in terms of the absolute values of the coefficients, but also in terms of their signs. Other bounds apply only to polynomials whose all roots are reals (see below). Bounds of positive real roots To give a bound of the positive roots, one can assume without loss of generality, as changing the signs of all coefficients does not change the roots. Every upper bound of the positive roots of is also a bound of the real zeros of . In fact, if is such a bound, for all , one has . Applied to Cauchy's bound, this gives the upper bound for the real roots of a polynomial with real coefficients. If this bound is not greater than , this means that all nonzero coefficients have the same sign, and that there is no positive root. Similarly, another upper bound of the positive roots is If all nonzero coefficients have the same sign, there is no positive root, and the maximum must be zero. Other bounds have been recently developed, mainly for the method of continued fractions for real-root isolation. Polynomials whose roots are all real If all roots of a polynomial are real, Laguerre proved the following lower and upper bounds of the roots, by using what is now called Samuelson's inequality. Let be a polynomial with all real roots. Then its roots are located in the interval with endpoints For example, the roots of the polynomial satisfy Root separation The root separation of a polynomial is the minimal distance between two roots, that is the minimum of the absolute values of the difference of two roots: The root separation is a fundamental parameter of the computational complexity of root-finding algorithms for polynomials. In fact, the root separation determines the precision of number representation that is needed for being certain of distinguishing distinct roots. Also, for real-root isolation, it allows bounding the number of interval divisions that are needed for isolating all roots. For polynomials with real or complex coefficients, it is not possible to express a lower bound of the root separation in terms of the degree and the absolute values of the coefficients only, because a small change on a single coefficient transforms a polynomial with multiple roots into a square-free polynomial with a small root separation, and essentially the same absolute values of the coefficient. However, involving the discriminant of the polynomial allows a lower bound. For square-free polynomials with integer coefficients, the discriminant is an integer, and has thus an absolute value that is not smaller than . This allows lower bounds for root separation that are independent from the discriminant. Mignotte's separation bound is where is the discriminant, and For a square free polynomial with integer coefficients, this implies where is the bit size of , that is the sum of the bitsize of its coefficients. Gauss–Lucas theorem The Gauss–Lucas theorem states that the convex hull of the roots of a polynomial contains the roots of the derivative of the polynomial. A sometimes useful corollary is that, if all roots of a polynomial have positive real part, then so do the roots of all derivatives of the polynomial. A related result is Bernstein's inequality. It states that for a polynomial P of degree n with derivative P′ we have Statistical distribution of the roots If the coefficients of a random polynomial are independently and identically distributed with a mean of zero, most complex roots are on the unit circle or close to it. In particular, the real roots are mostly located near , and, moreover, their expected number is, for a large degree, less than the natural logarithm of the degree. If the coefficients are Gaussian distributed with a mean of zero and variance of σ then the mean density of real roots is given by the Kac formula where When the coefficients are Gaussian distributed with a non-zero mean and variance of σ, a similar but more complex formula is known. Real roots For large , the mean density of real roots near is asymptotically if and It follows that the expected number of real roots is, using big notation where is a constant approximately equal to . In other words, the expected number of real roots of a random polynomial of high degree is lower than the natural logarithm of the degree. Kac, Erdős and others have shown that these results are insensitive to the distribution of the coefficients, if they are independent and have the same distribution with mean zero. However, if the variance of the th coefficient is equal to the expected number of real roots is Geometry of multiple roots A polynomial can be written in the form of with distinct roots and corresponding multiplicities . A root is a simple root if or a multiple root if . Simple roots are Lipschitz continuous with respect to coefficients but multiple roots are not. In other words, simple roots have bounded sensitivities but multiple roots are infinitely sensitive if the coefficients are perturbed arbitrarily. As a result, most root-finding algorithms suffer substantial loss of accuracy on multiple roots in numerical computation. In 1972, William Kahan proved that there is an inherent stability of multiple roots. Kahan discovered that polynomials with a particular set of multiplicities form what he called a pejorative manifold and proved that a multiple root is Lipschitz continuous if the perturbation maintains its multiplicity. This geometric property of multiple roots is crucial in numerical computation of multiple roots. See also Quadratic function#Upper bound on the magnitude of the roots Cohn's theorem relating the roots of a self-inversive polynomial with the roots of the reciprocal polynomial of its derivative. Notes References . External links The beauty of the roots, a visualization of the distribution of all roots of all polynomials with degree and integer coefficients in some range. Polynomials
ProbCons is an open source probabilistic consistency-based multiple alignment of amino acid sequences. It is one of the most efficient protein multiple sequence alignment programs, since it has repeatedly demonstrated a statistically significant advantage in accuracy over similar tools, including Clustal and MAFFT. Algorithm The following describes the basic outline of the ProbCons algorithm. Step 1: Reliability of an alignment edge For every pair of sequences compute the probability that letters and are paired in an alignment that is generated by the model. (Where is equal to 1 if and are in the alignment and 0 otherwise.) Step 2: Maximum expected accuracy The accuracy of an alignment with respect to another alignment is defined as the number of common aligned pairs divided by the length of the shorter sequence. Calculate expected accuracy of each sequence: This yields a maximum expected accuracy (MEA) alignment: Step 3: Probabilistic Consistency Transformation All pairs of sequences x,y from the set of all sequences are now re-estimated using all intermediate sequences z: This step can be iterated. Step 4: Computation of guide tree Construct a guide tree by hierarchical clustering using MEA score as sequence similarity score. Cluster similarity is defined using weighted average over pairwise sequence similarity. Step 5: Compute MSA Finally compute the MSA using progressive alignment or iterative alignment. See also Sequence alignment software Clustal MUSCLE AMAP T-Coffee Probalign References External links Computational phylogenetics
Turbo (formerly Spoon and Xenocode) is a set of software products and services developed by the Code Systems Corporation for application virtualization, portable application creation, and digital distribution. Code Systems Corporation is an American corporation headquartered in Seattle, Washington, and is best known for its Turbo products that include Browser Sandbox, Turbo Studio, TurboServer, and Turbo. Kenji Obata founded Code Systems Corporation in 2006 and introduced Turbo’s precursor, Xenocode. Xenocode was an early application virtualization engine for the Windows platform. Obata serves as the CEO of the corporation, which had become commonly known as Spoon since a rebranding in 2010. Turbo’s tools package conventional software applications for Microsoft Windows in a portable application format that can be delivered via a single executable or streamed over the web. Files and settings automatically synchronize across devices via Turbo’s patented virtualization technology which allows access to local files and printers from web-based applications. About the company CEO Obata graduated from Yale University in 1999 with a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics (summa cum laude). He spent several years as a development lead at Microsoft Corporation before attending the University of California, Berkeley to obtain his Ph.D. in Computer Science. After receiving his Ph.D., Obata returned to Seattle in 2006 to grow the company. From 2006 to 2009, the Code Systems Corporation developed Xenocode, one of the first application virtualization engines for the Windows platform. The product focused on application deployment via preconfigured executables. Spoon was launched in 2010 as a reintroduction of Xenocode’s virtualization engines. Turbo’s technology combines application and storage virtualization with web-based network and synchronization protocols, machine learning algorithms, and semistructured large data storage systems. Turbo.net virtual applications run in isolated sandboxes, allowing multiple application versions to run simultaneously without conflict. Turbo.net uses technologies such as Scala, Akka, Lift, and AWS to build its website and server systems. Turbo technology is used by educational, entertainment, financial, government, health care, and information technology organizations. Turbo’s customer base consists of tens of thousands of organizations and millions of end users. Products include solutions for enterprise software distribution; web development and testing tools such as Browser Sandbox, Browser Studio, and Turbo; and free accounts that allow users to stream hundreds of brand-name applications like Skype, Chrome, and Firefox without installing them. All accounts also come with cloud storage hosted on Turbo.net. Turbo is headquartered in Seattle, is profitable and employee-owned, and adds thousands of new users each week. Turbo.net Turbo.net, the official website of Turbo, hosts applications that can be launched via the web with no installation. Turbo’s application library includes popular software like Chrome, Skype, VLC Media Player, SketchUp, and hundreds of other top free and open-source applications. Turbo works through a small browser plugin with no administrative privileges or drivers required. In addition to functioning as a tool for individuals, Turbo is often used by professionals who work from multiple desktops, small businesses and teams requiring collaboration, and larger enterprises with distributed or remote workforces. The introduction of Turbo, which combines Selenium with Turbo browsers for unlimited automated browser testing, has increased Turbo’s utilization as a web development and testing tool. Turbo works by materializing a virtual environment on the endpoint device, transferring application components required for execution, capturing application interactions with the storage system into a sandbox, and synchronizing the sandbox contents back to the cloud. The Turbo Virtual Machine (SVM) is a lightweight implementation of core operating system APIs, including the filesystem, registry, process, and threading subsystems; it is completely implemented within the Windows user-mode space. Applications executing within the Turbo virtual environment interact with a virtualized filesystem, registry, and process environment, rather than directly with the host device operating system. The virtualization engine handles requests within the virtualized environment internally or, when appropriate, routes requests to the host device filesystem and registry, possibly redirecting or overriding requests as determined by the virtual application configuration. Cross-browser testing - Browser Sandbox Turbo.net hosts browsersandbox.com, which allows users to run multiple versions of browsers such as Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, and mobile browsers on a single machine. Web developers can use Browser Sandbox for cross-browser testing to ensure websites function correctly in multiple versions of popular browsers. Virtualized browsers behave exactly like installed browsers, and because they run locally, web applications tests can be hosted on the user’s own development machine or on internal servers. Turbo.net supports standard browser components like Java applets and ActiveX controls as well as popular browser plugins like Firebug, IE Developer Toolbar, and CSS and JavaScript debugging consoles. App Library Similar to their Browser Sandbox, Turbo hosts an extensive application library filled with hundreds of free and open-source applications that Turbo streams to end users. The app library is part of Turbo’s free basic account and lets anyone stream and use full desktop applications like Skype, Google Chrome, VLC media player, Sublime Text, Notepad++, and GIMP without installing them. Turbo virtual applications do not need to be accessed through a browser. Users with Turbo’s plugin can press [Alt+Win] to bring up the Spoon Console, which acts as an alternate Start menu that can launch both local and virtualized applications and files. Turbo claims that running these applications in virtual sandboxes is faster, safer, and more portable than installing them locally. Software Turbo Studio Turbo Studio (formerly Spoon Studio and Xenocode Virtual Application Studio) is an application virtualization tool that runs on Microsoft Windows. The tool packages software applications into portable applications; these single executable files can be run instantly on any Windows computer. Turbo Studio emulates the operating system features that are necessary for applications to run and therefore reduces resource overhead. Turbo Studio allows the user to convert existing applications into virtual applications. Deployment models include standalone EXE, MSI package, and HTTP-based delivery via the Turbo browser plugin. Turbo Studio packages all application files, settings, runtimes, and components into a single package that runs instantly with zero setup. The Turbo virtual machine (SVM) supports all versions of the .NET Framework and Java, thus allowing users to execute .NET, Java, and AIR-based applications with no separate installations. Turbo allows legacy software to run properly on new operating systems, thereby reducing the cost and risk associated with operating system rollouts. Turbo is the only virtualization engine in its class to support virtualization of both 32- and 64-bit applications; system services and databases such as SQL Server; and advanced software technologies such as DCOM and SxS. Fully user-mode implementation eliminates the need for device drivers, reboots, and administrative privileges. TurboServer TurboServer (formerly Spoon Server) is an application deployment platform that allows software packaged with Turbo Studio to be deployed, patched, and managed via the web. End users log into a website from any browser and are able to launch and use desktop-level applications like Microsoft Word and Photoshop without having to install them. It is a private version of the Turbo.net service. Applications are streamed to user desktops and run on clean desktops without administrative privileges. Desktops can be re-imaged and locked-down. TurboServer includes additional administrative features such as AD/LDAP integration, user and group application access control, usage logging, and analytics. Turbo Turbo (formerly Spoonium) is a platform of tools that allows users to package Windows desktop applications and their dependencies into software containers. Application containers made with Turbo can run on any Windows machine without installers, app breaks, or dependencies. Containers can be used to streamline the software development life cycle. Developers can ensure that their applications run as intended by including specific dependencies within containers. Software testers can rapidly pull and test software without having to install dependencies, can test multiple application versions side-by-side, and can return application containers to their development teams in specific app states. System administrators can reduce failures due to differences in development, testing, production, and end-user environments. Turbo’s service is currently in an open beta. See also VMware ThinApp Windows To Go References Virtualization software Software companies based in Seattle Windows-only proprietary software Shareware Software companies of the United States
Sona Mehring is an American businesswoman and the founder and past CEO of the nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization CaringBridge. In 1997, she created the first CaringBridge website to create a free service for communication between friends and family informed when someone is facing any health issues. Each website includes pictures and journal updates, as well as an online guestbook allowing all parties to stay informed without placing extra demands on hospital staff. Work history Currently, owner of 10ForFocus.com that provides implementer services for the Entrepreneurial Operating System (EOS) as well as speaking engagements. Mehring was founder/CEO of CaringBridge from 1997-2017. Before CaringBridge, Mehring was president of Beacon Point Technologies for 14 years. Prior to that she was technology director at PlanAnalytics, Inc. and an independent consultant for GMAC ResCap. She has also served as a software engineer at Apertus Technologies Inc., Unisys, Diamond Computer Solutions, and General Dynamics. An early adopter of Internet technologies, Mehring has been actively involved in the development of several widely used software applications. Awards and recognition Throughout her career, Mehring has received several honors and awards. In 2015, Sona was named a 'Titan of Technology' by Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. She was recognized as one of 2011’s “Most Influential Women in Technology” by Fast Company. In 2010, she was named in the Twin Cities Business Magazine's list of 200 Minnesotans You Should Know 2010 Twin Cities Business Superstars. In 2009, she was named one of 25 Women Industry Leaders in the Twin Cities by the Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. In 2008, she received a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition in recognition of outstanding and invaluable service to the community. In 2006, she was recognized and highlighted by MSN as one of the nation's leading Women Working for Change and was a participant at Fortune Magazine's Most Powerful Women Summit. She is a recipient of the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire Alumni Distinguished Achievement(2011) and Excellence(2006) Award. She was a finalist for the Minnesota High Tech Association's TEKNE award in 2004, an honoree at Medica’s 2004 Speaking of Women's Health Conference, and a 2004 nominee for the Volvo for Life Award. Mehring is a member of Women Business Leaders of the U.S. Health Care Industry Foundation, Minnesota Council of Nonprofits, National Health Council and the National Health Marketing Leadership Roundtable. Media coverage The Grindstone "Executive Suite: CaringBridge’s Sona Mehring On Being The One Woman In The Room" Mississippi Medical News "Sona Mehring Connects Mississippians to Patients Enduring Serious Health Crises" ThirdAge.com "Women Who Inspire: Sona Mehring, Creator of CaringBridge" Womenetics "Collision of Technology and Health Creates CaringBridge" Fast Company "Most Influential Women in Technology" Twin Cities Business "CaringBridge Comes of Age in an Age of Social Media" TECHdotMN "Meet Minnesota’s Radical Tech CEO #3: Sona Mehring" Twin Cities Business "Health Care Heroes 2010" Crazy Sexy Life "Harnessing the Internet for Hope and Support" Today show ABC news References External links UWEC Alumni Awards Top 25 Business Leaders Living people American computer businesspeople University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire alumni 1961 births 20th-century American businesspeople 20th-century American businesswomen 21st-century American businesspeople 21st-century American businesswomen Businesspeople from Wisconsin People from Appleton, Wisconsin People from Weyauwega, Wisconsin
An inertial reference unit (IRU) is a type of inertial sensor which uses gyroscopes (electromechanical, ring laser gyro or MEMS) and accelerometers (electromechanical or MEMS) to determine a moving aircraft’s or spacecraft’s change in rotational attitude (angular orientation relative to some reference frame) and translational position (typically latitude, longitude and altitude) over a period of time. In other words, an IRU allows a device, whether airborne or submarine, to travel from one point to another without reference to external information. Another name often used interchangeably with IRU is Inertial Measurement Unit. The two basic classes of IRUs/IMUs are "gimballed" and "strapdown". The older, larger gimballed systems have become less prevalent over the years as the performance of newer, smaller strapdown systems has improved greatly via the use of solid-state sensors and advanced real-time computer algorithms. Gimballed systems are still used in some high-precision applications where strapdown performance may not be as good. See also Air data inertial reference unit Inertial measurement unit External links Optical Inertial Reference Units (IRUs) Navigational equipment Aircraft instruments Avionics
Jewish (Ashkenazic) and German occupational surname derived from schenken (to pour out or serve) referring to the medieval profession of cup-bearer or wine server (later also to tavern keeper). At one time only Jews were allowed to sell alcohol in the Russian empire, which is why Shenk (Russian) and its later surname variants are very common. People with this surname include: People Adolph Schenck (1803–1878), German teacher and entomologist Aubrey Schenck (1908–1999), film producer August Friedrich Schenck (1828–1901), German painter Carl Alwyn Schenck (1868–1955), German pioneer of forestry in the USA and Europe Carl Schenck (1835–1910), German mercantilist and founder of the Carl Schenck Eisengießerei & Waagenfabrik Charles Schenck, American socialist Ernst-Günther Schenck (1904–1998), German doctor Ferdinand Schureman Schenck (1790–1860), American physician and politician Frederik V Schenck van Toutenburg (1503–1580), Dutch bishop George Schenck, American screenwriter Hal Schenck, American mathematician James F. Schenck, (1807–1882), rear Admiral in United States Navy Joe Schenck (1891–1930), singer, one of the duo Van and Schenck Johannes Schenck (1660–1712), Dutch composer John Schenck (1750–1823), New Jersey revolutionary soldier John Schenck (Manhasset, NY) (1740–1831), New York state senator John I. Schenck (1787–1833), New York politician Joseph Schenck (1878–1961), pioneer executive of the American film industry Martin Schenck (1848–1918), NY State Engineer and Surveyor 1892–1893 Martin Schenck von Nydeggen (1543–1589), Dutch soldier of fortune in 80 Years' War. Mary Schenck Woolman (1860–1940), pioneer in vocational education (born Mary Schenck) Michael Schenck (1876–1948), Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court Nicholas Schenck (1881–1969), American film industry executive Norman C. Schenck, mycologist who described Glomus aggregatum Paul Schenck (born 1958), anti-abortion activist Paul F. Schenck (1899–1968), U.S. Representative from Ohio Robert C. Schenck, American Civil War general and U.S. Congressman Robert C. Schenck (politician), Florida, USA politician Rocky Schenck, American music video director and photographer William Cortenus Schenck (1773–1821), American legislator Other Schenck v. United States 249 U.S. 47 (1919), decision by the U.S. Supreme Court regarding the right to free speech Schenck Process is a German manufacturer of industrial equipment See also Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg (1907–1944), failed assassin of Adolf Hitler Schenk Shenk Shank (disambiguation) References
Pieter ("Piet") Wildschut (; born 25 October 1957) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a defender. He obtained 11 international caps for the Netherlands national team. Career Wildschut was born in Leeuwarden, Friesland. After starting his career for FC Groningen, he represented his native country at the 1978 FIFA World Cup, where Holland finished runners-up, as a player of FC Twente. Later on Wildschut moved to PSV Eindhoven. He studied Mathematics at Eindhoven University of Technology. After his soccer career, Wildschut and his family moved to the United States where he runs a software company. References External links Profile Profile Profile FC Groningen Profile Dutch career stats – Voetbal International Antwerp career stats – FC Antwerp 1957 births Living people Footballers from Leeuwarden Men's association football defenders Dutch men's footballers Netherlands men's international footballers 1978 FIFA World Cup players FC Groningen players FC Twente players PSV Eindhoven players Royal Antwerp F.C. players Roda JC Kerkrade players Dutch expatriate men's footballers Expatriate men's footballers in Belgium Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Belgium Eredivisie players Belgian Pro League players Eindhoven University of Technology alumni Dutch emigrants to the United States
Predictive Failure Analysis (PFA) refers to methods intended to predict imminent failure of systems or components (software or hardware), and potentially enable mechanisms to avoid or counteract failure issues, or recommend maintenance of systems prior to failure. For example, computer mechanisms that analyze trends in corrected errors to predict future failures of hardware/memory components and proactively enabling mechanisms to avoid them. Predictive Failure Analysis was originally used as term for a proprietary IBM technology for monitoring the likelihood of hard disk drives to fail, although the term is now used generically for a variety of technologies for judging the imminent failure of CPU's, memory and I/O devices. See also first failure data capture. Disks IBM introduced the term PFA and its technology in 1992 with reference to its 0662-S1x drive (1052 MB Fast-Wide SCSI-2 disk which operated at 5400 rpm). The technology relies on measuring several key (mainly mechanical) parameters of the drive unit, for example the flying height of heads. The drive firmware compares the measured parameters against predefined thresholds and evaluates the health status of the drive. If the drive appears likely to fail soon, the system sends notification to the disk controller. The major drawbacks of the technology included: the binary result - the only status visible to the host was presence or absence of a notification the unidirectional communications - the drive firmware sending notification The technology merged with IntelliSafe to form the Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology (SMART). Processor and Memory High counts of corrected RAM intermittent errors by ECC can be predictive of future DIMM failures and so automatic offlining for memory and CPU caches can be used to avoid future errors, for example under the Linux operating system the mcelog daemon will automatically remove from usage memory pages showing excessive corrections, and will remove from usage processor cores showing excessive cache correctable memory errors. Optical media On optical media (CD, DVD and Blu-ray), failures caused by degradation of media can be predicted and media of low manufacturing quality can be detected prior to data loss occurring by measuring the rate of correctable data errors using software such as QpxTool or Nero DiscSpeed. However, not all vendors and models of optical drives allow error scanning. References See also MCELog- Linux daemon for processing of x86 machine checks for predictive failure analysis Hard disk computer storage IBM storage devices
Dorodnitsyn Computing Centre (), known as the Computing Centre of the Academy of Sciences (CC RAS) until 2015, is a research institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union. It was established in 1955. Its areas of research include: Computational Fluid Dynamics Mathematical Physics Mathematical modeling of Climatic Ecological Processes and other Nonlinear Phenomena Solid mechanics and Elastic-Plastic Problems Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis Computer Aided Design Optimization Methods, Linear and Nonlinear programming Analytical mechanics and Lyapunov's Stability of Motion Rigid body dynamics and Space Dynamics Interactive Optimization and Decision support systems Parallel Computing Artificial Intelligence Mathematical modeling of Economic Processes Software development The game Tetris was created by Alexey Pajitnov at the Computing Centre. After 15 June 2015, CC RAS was included in Federal research centre "Informatic and Control" of RAS and now no longer exists as an independent institute. Scientists Andrey Ershov Andrey Markov Jr. Nikita Moiseyev Valentin Vital'yevich Rumyantsev Yuri Zhuravlyov Leonid Khachiyan Vladimir Alexandrov External links Dorodnitsyn Computing Centre website Journal of Computational Mathematics and Mathematical Physics Research institutes in the Soviet Union Computing in the Soviet Union Institutes of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Ronald Eugene Rosser (October 24, 1929 – August 26, 2020) was a United States Army soldier who received the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for thrice attacking a hill alone, killing 13 enemies while wounded and carrying wounded comrades to safety one winter day in the Korean War. Military service Born on October 24, 1929, in Columbus, Ohio, Rosser was the oldest of 17 children. He joined the United States Army in 1946 at age 17 shortly after World War II for a three-year term of service. After one of his brothers was killed in the early stages of the Korean War, he re-enlisted from Crooksville, Ohio, in 1951 as a way of getting revenge. Initially stationed in Japan, Rosser requested to be sent into combat and was then deployed to Korea with the heavy mortar company of the 38th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Infantry Division. On January 12, 1952, Rosser, by then a corporal, was acting as a forward observer with Company L's lead platoon during an assault on a heavily fortified hill near Ponggilli. When the unit came under heavy fire, Rosser went forward three times and attacked the hostile positions alone, each time returning to friendly lines to gather more ammunition before charging the hill again. Although wounded himself, he helped carry injured soldiers to safety once withdrawal became necessary. For these actions, Rosser was awarded the Medal of Honor. During his service, he also earned a Combat Infantry Badge, Glider Badge, Master Parachutist Badge, Pathfinder badge, Parachute Rigger and Army Recruiter Badge. Rosser returned to the United States in May 1952 and was formally presented with the Medal of Honor by President Harry Truman a month later, on June 27, 1952. On September 20, 1966, another of Rosser's brothers, PFC Gary Edward Rosser, USMC, was killed in action, this time in the Vietnam War. He requested a combat assignment in Vietnam but was rejected and retired from the army soon after. Awards and decorations Medal of Honor citation Rosser's official Medal of Honor citation reads: Personal life Rosser resided in West Palm Beach, Florida, for thirty years. While he lived in Florida he was a letter carrier for the United States Postal Service. He lived in Roseville, Ohio. He was the father of Pamela [nee Rosser] Lovell. Rosser served on the advisory board of the Motts Military Museum in Groveport, Ohio. Rosser died on August 26, 2020, in Bumpus Mills, Tennessee. See also List of Korean War Medal of Honor recipients References External links 1929 births 2020 deaths United States Army soldiers United States Army personnel of the Korean War Korean War recipients of the Medal of Honor United States Army Medal of Honor recipients People from West Palm Beach, Florida Military personnel from Columbus, Ohio People from Roseville, Ohio Recipients of the Order of Military Merit (Korea)
Decker can refer to: Names Decker (surname) Places Antarctica Decker Glacier Canada Decker, Manitoba Decker Lake (British Columbia), a lake near the town of Burns Lake, British Columbia Decker Lake, British Columbia, a community on that lake United States Decker, Indiana, a town Decker, Wisconsin, an unincorporated community Decker Corner, Wisconsin, an unincorporated community Decker Peak, a mountain in Idaho Decker Prairie, Texas Deckertown, New Jersey Deckerville, Michigan Deckers, Colorado Entertainment Black+Decker, an American manufacturer of power tools, accessories, hardware, home improvement products, home appliances and fastening systems Decker, a term for a computer hacker in the Shadowrun universe Decker (TV series), an American comedy web and television series starring Tim Heidecker and Gregg Turkington Ultraman Decker, a 2022 Japanese tokusatsu television series Other Double decker bus, a bus which has two decks (floors) for passengers Forster–Decker method, a series of chemical reactions that transform a primary amine ultimately to a secondary amine See also Deckers (disambiguation) Dekker
PDB may refer to: Chess Problem Database Server (PDB Server) 1,4-Dichlorobenzene (paradichlorobenzene) Party of German-speaking Belgians, (German: ), a political party and predecessor of the ProDG PDB (Palm OS), a container format for record databases in Palm OS, Garnet OS and Access Linux Platform Pee Dee Belemnite, a standard for stable Carbon-13 and Oxygen-18 isotopes; see Pluggable database, such as an Oracle Database in a multitenancy environment Potato dextrose broth, a common microbiological growth media Pousette-Dart Band President's Daily Brief or Briefing or Bulletin, a top-secret intelligence document produced each morning for the U.S. President Program database, a file format for storing debugging information Promised Day Brigade, an Iraqi Shia organisation Protein Data Bank Protein Data Bank (file format) Python Debugger, see Python (programming language)
Melissa Rossi (born 1965 in Dayton, Ohio) is an American author and journalist who writes about subjects such as American politics and international geopolitical situations. In addition to her books, Rossi's work has been published in Newsweek, MSNBC, George, Newsday, Esquire, the New York Observer and National Geographic Traveler, where she wrote a regular column. Early life Rossi grew up moving all around the United States. She has lived in Seattle, Washington, New York, Vermont, Florida, Iowa, and Ohio. After writing one of her well-known books about Courtney Love, she decided she wanted to travel the world. She visited most European countries and has also lived in Spain, Italy, the Netherlands, and Belgium. Rossi grew up wanting to be an artist; however, she has no skills. Books What Every American Should Know About the Middle East (2008) What Every American Should Know About Who's Really Running America and what you can do about it (2007; ) What Every American Should Know About Europe: The Hotspots, Hotshots, Political Muck Ups, Cross-Border Sniping and Cultural Chaos of our Transatlantic Cousins (2006; ) What Every American Should Know About Who's Really Running the World: The People, Corporations and Organizations that Control Our Future (2005; ) What Every American Should Know About the Rest of the World: Your Guide to Today's Hotspots, Hotshots and Incendiary Issues (2003; ) Courtney Love: Queen of Noise (1996; ) Freak like Me: Inside the Jim Rose Circus Sideshow (1995; ) References External links Rossi's column at The Huffington Post Rossi's What Every American Should Know series Rossi's Penguin Group profile Vagabonding Travel Writers Interview with Rossi 2003 CNN Interview with Rossi 1994 Newsweek article by Rossi 1965 births Living people American non-fiction writers 20th-century American women journalists Writers from Dayton, Ohio Journalists from Ohio 20th-century American journalists
Programmable Built-In Self-Test (PBIST) is a memory DFT feature that incorporates all the required test systems into the chip itself. The test systems implemented on-chip are as follows: algorithmic address generator algorithmic data generator program storage unit loop control mechanisms PBIST was originally adopted by large memory chips that have high pin counts and operate at high frequencies, thereby exceeding the capability of production testers. The purpose of PBIST is to avoid developing and buying more sophisticated and very expensive testers. The interface between PBIST, which is internal to the processor, and the external tester environment is through the standard JTAG TAP controller pins. Algorithms and controls are fed into the chip through the TAP controller's Test Data Input (TDI) pin. The final result of the PBIST test is read out through the Test Data Output (TDO) pin. PBIST supports the entire algorithmic memory testing requirements imposed by the production testing methodology. In order to support all of the required test algorithms, PBIST must have the capability to store the required programs locally in the device. It must also be able to perform different address generation schemes, different test data pattern generation, looping schemes, and data comparisons. Work on most of programmable memory BIST approaches concerns the programmability of the memory test algorithm. The programmable memory BIST proposed has several advantages: • It enables programming both test algorithms and test data. • It implements test algorithm programmability at low cost, by extracting the different levels of hierarchy of the test algorithm and associating a hardware bloc to each of them, resulting on low cost hardware • It enables low-cost implementation of full-data programmability by adapting the transparent memory test approach in a manner that uses the memory under test for programming the test data. Part of the Built-in self-test. Electronic design automation Hardware testing
The Lyons Forum was a ginger group or informal political faction comprising some federal members of conservative Australian parliamentary parties. It was formed in the early 1990s and was active both in Liberal Party of Australia parliamentary leadership conflict and on family policy issues. The faction was sometimes disparagingly called "The God Squad". In 2004, it was described as "defunct" by Michelle Grattan. Formation The Lyons Forum was formed in 1992 by a group of Coalition members of parliament, including Senator John Herron, Senator Eric Abetz, Senator John Tierney, Alan Cadman, John Bradford, Chris Miles, Kevin Andrews and John Forrest. The group's name was a reference to a slogan used by former member of parliament Dame Enid Lyons: "The foundation of a nation's greatness is in the homes of its people". The organisation had many active Christian members, and had been described as the "Coalition's fundamentalist Christian faction". However, while its observers have noted close relationships between its members and conservative Christian groups and theology, no formal relationship existed. Role The Lyons Forum was reported to have played a role in supporting the rise of John Howard to the Liberal leadership in the mid-1990s. It was also prominent in debates about tax policy in relation to families, as well as other policy issues in relation to families, marriage, and sexuality. See Also National Right (Liberal Party of Australia) References Liberal Party of Australia factions
efax may refer to: Internet fax, the transferral of fax information using the Internet efax (software), a computer based fax program for Unix-like computer systems Everett Efax file format, a file format
La Brugeoise et Nivelles, later BN Constructions Ferroviaires et Métalliques, was a Belgian manufacturer of railway locomotives and other rolling stock; it was formed by a merger of two companies: La Brugeoise et Nicaise et Delcuve and Les Ateliers Métallurgiques de Nivelles (French for "The Metallurgical Workshops of Nivelles"). The company was acquired by Bombardier Transportation in 1988, plants in Nivelles and Manage closed in 1989 and 2000; as of 2011, the plant located in Bruges operated as Bombardier Transportation Belgium. History In 1851, Joseph De Jaegher founded a hardware store in the Burg in Bruges; in 1855, this expanded with a steel workshop on the Raamstraat, named Ateliers J. Jaegher; in 1891, this merged with another steel making company in the nearby Gieterijstraat, the Usines Ferdinand Feldhaus, to form the Ateliers de Construction Forges et Aceries de Bruges. By 1900, the company was a major Belgian metal engineering company. In 1905, the company moved its plant and offices to a larger site with good railway connections close to the Ghent Ostend Canal at Sint-Michiels in Bruges. Until 1913, the company operated as the Société Anonyme La Brugeoise, abbreviated as La Brugeoise. In 1913, the company La Brugeoise et Nicaise et Delcuve was formed by the merger of the Bruges-based companies La Brugeoise and Nicaise et Delcuve during a re-organisation of the interests of the holding company Trust Métallurgique Belge-Français, and capitalised at 10 million francs; the new company included a modern steel works, forge and mills at Sint-Michiels. During World War I, the facilities were occupied by German forces, and at the end of the war had been substantially damaged, however post war construction also required the organisation products. In 1919, control of the company was taken by the Société Générale de Belgique. In 1956, this merged with Les Ateliers Métallurgiques de Nivelles to form La Brugeoise et Nivelles. In 1977, the company merged with Constructions Ferroviaries du Centre (CFC) (in Familleureux, Hainaut, Belgium) to form BN Constructions Ferroviaries et Métalliques (BN). In 1986, Bombardier took at 45% share in BN, which was increased to 90.6% in 1988. The plants at Bruges and Manage became the BN division of Bombardier Eurorail in 1991. The factory in Nivelles closed and was demolished in 1989/90. In 2000, Bombardier announced it was to close the subsidiary plant BN Manage based in Manage, Belgium; the action attracted criticism from both trade unions and the Belgian government; perception was that Bombardier had used the 'jobs card' to win a Belgian double deck train contract worth 8.5 billion Belgian francs. The closure announcement came as a complete volte-face from Bombardier's previous statements which included optimistic statements about the Manage plant's future. Train-making ended at the site which was re-purposed by Duferco for steel plate processing. As of 2011, the factory in Bruges was part of Bombardier Transportation as Bombardier Transportation Belgium. Products In 1875, the Manage plant produced its first rail vehicles; in 1885, the Bruges plant produced its first tram. Much of the early output prior to that was freight wagons. In addition to railway rolling stock, the company also manufactured bridges, locks and sluice gates, cranes, and vessels for the chemical and sugar industries. In 1961, the company acquired a license (from Anglo-Franco-Belge) to manufacture GM-EMD locomotives for the European market. In 1973, factories in Bruges and Familleureux produced the company's first underground trains, for the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company. BN produced 26 veículos Leves sobre trilhos (VLT) light rail cars for use on Line 2 of the Rio de Janeiro Metro, which were later converted to full metro cars. Eight cars (delivered 1979) were built in Belgium and the remaining 18 (delivered 1980 and 1982) by Cobrasma in their plant in São Paulo. Some of the ones built by Cobrasma were briefly used by the Campinas Light Rail system. The original "Type 1" cars for Portland, Oregon's MAX Light Rail system, ordered in 1981, were built by BN in association with Bombardier Transportation. They were assembled in North America using bodyshells sourced in La Pocatiere, Canada. In 1989, a consortium of BN, ANF Industrie and Bombardier won the order for the construction of the passenger Eurotunnel Shuttle wagons, valued at 36 billion francs, of which BN's contribution was valued at 8 billion. In 1994, the company, in association with INKA and Holec, built commuter trains for the KRL Jabotabek system. In 1998, after takeover by Bombardier, the company obtained an order with a total value of 22.2 billion Belgian francs to produce 105 Bombardier Voyager trains for the Virgin Rail Group, Midland Mainline and Hull Trains in the United Kingdom at the Bruges and Manage plants; BN's value share of the contract was estimated at 8 to 10 billion Belgian francs. Deliveries took place in the early 2000s. Also as part of Bombardier, the company also produced Flexity Outlook and Flexity Swift vehicles for Brussels and Rotterdam respectively, the bodyshells of the Autorail à grande capacité for the SNCF, and B09 vehicles for the Docklands Light Railway. Finally, the company continues to supply the Belgian Railways (NMBS/SNCB) with passenger rail vehicles. See also Ateliers de Constructions Electriques de Charleroi, manufacturer of electrical equipment for BN-built locomotives Alstom Crespin, rolling stock manufacturer in northern France, part of Bombardier Transportation La Brugeoise cars (Buenos Aires Underground) Notes References External links , Former 'La Brugeoise' factory gatehouse, protected historic building , Alstom Transportation Belgium S.A. factory location History of Bruges Companies based in West Flanders Defunct locomotive manufacturers of Belgium
Multi-level queueing, used at least since the late 1950s/early 1960s, is a queue with a predefined number of levels. Items get assigned to a particular level at insert (using some predefined algorithm), and thus cannot be moved to another level (unlike in the multilevel feedback queue). Items get removed from the queue by removing all items from a level, and then moving to the next. If an item is added to a level above, the "fetching" restarts from there. Each level of the queue is free to use its own scheduling, thus adding greater flexibility than merely having multiple levels in a queue. Process Scheduling Multi-level queue scheduling algorithm is used in scenarios where the processes can be classified into groups based on property like process type, CPU time, IO access, memory size, etc. One general classification of the processes is foreground processes and background processes. In a multi-level queue scheduling algorithm, there will be 'n' number of queues, where 'n' is the number of groups the processes are classified into. Each queue will be assigned a priority and will have its own scheduling algorithm like Round-robin scheduling or FCFS. For the process in a queue to execute, all the queues of priority higher than it should be empty, meaning the process in those high priority queues should have completed its execution. In this scheduling algorithm, once assigned to a queue, the process will not move to any other queues. Consider the following table with the arrival time, execute time and type of the process (foreground or background - where foreground processes are given high priority) to understand non pre-emptive and pre-emptive multilevel scheduling in depth with FCFS algorithm for both the queues: See also Fair-share scheduling Lottery scheduling References Scheduling algorithms
WattzOn provides utility bill data to energy and credit markets. They offer three products. Link Energy transfers data from utilities to a consumer app. Link Prime transfers utility bill payment history to credit bureaus. Snap is a machine learning system optimized for data extraction from utility bills. WattzOn is a privately held SaaS ("Software as a Service") company that helps users in the U.S. learn how to save energy, in collaboration with cities and other business partners, through personalized plans, products and rebate information, and tips for habit changes. WattzOn provides nationwide capture of residential utility data, and they claim that a typical user saves nearly $240 per year in energy, and that their water programs save an average of 9,000 gallons per year. WattzOn’s partners use its software platform to acquire customer utility data, and increase customer uptake of products and services, including solar. Its flagship product, EnergyCenter, has been used by residents in communities across the U.S., and has a library of utility data connectors that allow consumer-permissioned data access to utility bills nationwide. WattzOn was founded in 2007 and has offices in Mountain View and San Francisco, CA, where it is part of OtherLab, a group of companies co-founded by Saul Griffith. WattzOn’s History WattzOn was started as a free web-based online tool by Saul Griffith, Raffi Krikorian, and Jim McBride. The original offering allowed users to calculate their total energy footprint by estimating their direct and indirect power consumption with the stated goal of educating users about energy efficiency and conservation. Unlike most carbon calculators, WattzOn has always measured energy consumption, and not the by-products (CO2, or CO2-equivalent emissions). The original idea behind WattzOn was first spoken about by Saul Griffith and Jim McBride in a presentation entitled "The Game Plan: A solution framework for the climate challenge," delivered at O'Reilly's Foo Camp and later detailed at length in Griffith's Long Now talk entitled Climate Change Recalculated. From there, Raffi Krikorian spearheaded the effort to create an online tool that anybody could use to measure his or her level of energy efficiency. That website became WattzOn.com. In 2011 WattzOn combined with EnnovationZ Inc, a company founded by Martha Amram and Steven Ashby. Since then Martha has led WattzOn. WattzOn was the recipient of a grant from the Department of Energy to bring consumers insights from smart meters. In partnership with Balfour Beatty, WattzOn served military families, and helped them save an average of 18% on their utility bill at 12 locations. Presentation at The White House In 2012, WattzOn CEO Dr. Martha Amram presented at the White House Energy Data Palooza. In 2013 Dr. Amram presented at a Green Button event organized by the White House and the Department of Energy. WattzOn in The Media WattzOn has garnered media coverage from a number of blogs and media outlets such as Business Week, Wired magazine, and Lifehacker.com. Business Model WattzOn uses a SaaS license model. References External links WattzOn Glynt.ai American environmental websites
In computer graphics, the problem of transforming a cloud of points on the surface of a three-dimensional object into a polygon mesh for the object can be solved by a technique called marching triangles. This provides a faster alternative to other methods for the same problem of surface reconstruction, based on Delaunay triangulation. References Geometric algorithms Triangle geometry
A dirty bit or modified bit is a bit that is associated with a block of computer memory and indicates whether the corresponding block of memory has been modified. The dirty bit is set when the processor writes to (modifies) this memory. The bit indicates that its associated block of memory has been modified and has not been saved to storage yet. When a block of memory is to be replaced, its corresponding dirty bit is checked to see if the block needs to be written back to secondary memory before being replaced or if it can simply be removed. Dirty bits are used by the CPU cache and in the page replacement algorithms of an operating system. Dirty bits can also be used in Incremental computing by marking segments of data that need to be processed or have yet to be processed. This technique can be used with delayed computing to avoid unnecessary processing of objects or states that have not changed. When the model is updated (usually by multiple sources), only the segments that need to be reprocessed will be marked dirty. Afterwards, an algorithm will scan the model for dirty segments and process them, marking them as clean. This ensures the unchanged segments are not recalculated and saves processor time. Page replacement When speaking about page replacement, each page may have a modify bit associated with it in the hardware. The dirty bit for a page is set by the hardware whenever any word or byte in the page is written into, indicating that the page has been modified. When a page is selected for replacement, the modify bit is examined. If the bit is set, the page has been modified since it was read in from the disk. In this case, the page must be written to the disk. If the dirty bit is not set, however, the page has not been modified since it was read into memory. Therefore, if the copy of the page on the disk has not been overwritten (by some other page, for example), then there is no need to write the memory page to the disk: it is already there. References Central processing unit Operating system technology
Botan is a BSD-licensed cryptographic and TLS library written in C++11. It provides a wide variety of cryptographic algorithms, formats, and protocols, e.g. SSL and TLS. It is used in the Monotone distributed revision control program, the OpenDNSSEC system, and ISC's Kea DHCP server among other projects. The project was originally called OpenCL, a name now used by Apple Inc. and Khronos Group for a heterogeneous system programming framework. It was renamed Botan in 2002. In 2007, the German Federal Office for Information Security contracted FlexSecure GmbH to add an implementation of Card Verifiable Certificates for ePassports to Botan; the modified version of Botan was released under the name InSiTo. Starting in 2015, the German Federal Office for Information Security funded a project, which included improving the documentation, test suite and feature set of Botan, culminating in 2017, when it was evaluated and recommended as a library suitable for "applications with increased security requirements". See also Comparison of cryptography libraries References External links C++ libraries Cryptographic software Software using the BSD license Transport Layer Security implementation
Vladimir Sergeyevich Vakhmistrov (Russian: Владимир Сергеевич Вахмистров) (1897–1972) was a Soviet aviation engineer who is known for creating a series of parasite aircraft projects under the common name Zveno. Life and career Vakhmistrov was born on June 27, 1897, in Moscow; his father was an office clerk. He graduated from the Moscow Realschule (реальное училище) in 1915. At the outbreak of the First World War, Vakhmistrov volunteered for the army and was sent to Mikhailovsky Artillery School. He was sent to the front lines in 1916 with the rank of ensign of artillery, but was soon transferred to the Imperial Russian Air Service as a pilot-observer. During the Russian Civil War, Vakhmistrov joined the Red Air Force and fought on the Volga and in Turkestan. He resumed his studies in 1921, first at Turkestan University and then at the Zhukovsky Air Force Engineering Academy. Vakhmistrov built gliders at the academy: the training AVF-8 "Condor" (1924), the AVF-22 Serpent Horynych (1925, with M. K. Tikhonravov), and Gamayun and Skif (1928, with Tikhonravov and A. A. Dubrovin). In the glider Skif during the sixth All-Union gliding competition (October 6–23, 1929, in Koktebel), pilot A. B. Yumashev set an all-Union flight altitude record for gliders of . From February to April 1926, Vakhmistrov and pilot M. M. Gromov tested the reconnaissance aircraft R-3 (ANT-3): the first Soviet all-metal aircraft, and the first aircraft designed by A. N. Tupolev. Aircraft of this type were subsequently used against the Basmachi movement. He graduated from the Air Force Academy in 1930, and worked at the Air Force Research Institute. Between 1931 and 1940, Vakhmistrov developed the Vakhmistrov family of composite aircraft: a TB-3 4AM-34FRN heavy bomber with I-16 fighters on a bomb suspension. This concept was the combination of several aircraft, linked rigidly (not in tow) and flying together to: Deliver fighter planes beyond their flight range Increase the range of a heavy escort aircraft Use larger bombs than the fighter planes are capable of carrying Facilitate the take-off of an overloaded aircraft with an auxiliary aircraft. The draft of the first version of the aircraft link, later named Zveno-1 and consisting of a TB-1 bomber and two I-4 fighters, was submitted by Red Army UVVS head I. I. Alksnis in June 1931 and approved by Vakhmistrov. On December 3 of that year, Vakhmistrov (as a second pilot of the bomber) participated in the first flight tests of Link-1: a TB-1 and two I-4s. This was followed by other composite aircraft between 1932 and 1939, including five fighters. Two fighters remained optimal; in the Link TB-3 SPB composite dive bomber, two I-16s carried two FAB-250 bombs. Vakhmistrov's links were not accepted for service; in accordance with instructions from the Black Sea Fleet Air Force, however, three composite aircraft were equipped with the TB-3 SPB scheme for the bombing of Constanța and Ploiești in July 1941. A triple SPB bombed the Constanța region without losses on July 26, followed by attacks on the Cernavodsky bridge on August 10 and 13. After the successful implementation of the TB-3 SPB project, Vakhmistrov proposed several advanced Link projects: the GTS flying boat, the TB-7 heavy bomber and the MTB-2 (ANT-44) heavy flying boat; hanging fighter planes would have been the I-15bis, I-16, I-180, LaGG-3, and MiG-3. At the end of 1937, Vakhmistrov's elder brother was arrested; in March 1938, Vakhmistrov was demoted from chief designer to head of the KB-29 design team. He died in 1972, and is buried in Moscow's Vagankovo Cemetery. References Bibliography Soviet aerospace engineers Imperial Russian Air Force personnel Burials at Vagankovo Cemetery Soviet military personnel of the Russian Civil War Russian military personnel of World War I 1897 births 1972 deaths Soviet inventors National University of Uzbekistan alumni Russian scientists
Ansul is a corporation headquartered in Marinette, Wisconsin that manufactures fire suppression systems, extinguishers, and administers fire training. Ansul's initial activities included production of cattle feed, refrigerants and selected specialty chemicals. The name Ansul comes from ANhydrous SULfur dioxide (SO2), which was sold to die works and fruit preservers, and later as a refrigerant. Production of fire suppression chemicals began in 1934. Virginia Chemicals, Inc. (now part of Celanese Corporation) acquired the Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Products Division of The Ansul Company in 1967, and by 1983 Ansul had discontinued all other production at the facility in Marinette. The US government is a major customer for Ansul. The ANSUL name is a premium brand of Tyco Fire Protection Products. The full line of ANSUL special hazard fire protection products includes fire extinguishers and hand line units; pre-engineered restaurant, vehicle, and industrial systems; sophisticated fire detection/suppression systems, and a complete line of dry chemical, foam, and gaseous extinguishing agents. A common hand-held fire extinguisher produced by Ansul is the SENTRY brand stored-pressure fire extinguisher. History Ansul was created by Francis "Frank" G. Hood from the bankrupt Bastol Company, an enterprise started in Marinette in 1912. It remained independent until 1978, when it was acquired by Wormald International, an Australian corporation. Wormald was in turn acquired by Tyco International in 1990. Ansul now exists as a brand of the Tyco Fire Protection segment of Tyco International, which in turn is part of Johnson Controls International plc. The company changed its name over the years but always kept Ansul as part of its name. From 1915 to 1963 it was the Ansul Chemical Company, from 1963 to 1981: the Ansul Company, and from 1981 to 1995 Ansul Fire Protection. The current name has been used since 1995. Leadership Early leadership was quite stable, primarily under the Hood family. Once the company was acquired, turnover has been much more rapid as evidenced by this chronology of the presidents of Ansul: 1915–1938: Francis "Frank" G. Hood 1938–1948: Harvey V. Higley 1948–1949: Francis J. Hood 1949–1974: Robert C. Hood 1974–1976: Morris L. Neuville 1976–1980: Terrell L. Ruhlman 1980–1983: William A. Rickel 1983–1986: Marc V. Gross 1987–1990: J. Donald Roland 1990–1992: Mark E. Mathisen 1992–2002: Karl J. Kinkead 2002–2007: Mark VanDover 2007–Aug 2007 as vice president.: Colleen Repplier 2006–present (2017): George R. Oliver (President of Tyco Fire Protection, formerly Tyco Safety Products) Product categories and trade names ANSUL is the registered trade name for Ansul's products and is often used in conjunction with the trade name for their specific products, such as ANSUL SENTRY fire extinguishers. Portable fire extinguishers RED LINE SENTRY CLEANGUARD K-GUARD Large manual handline units MAGNUM Vehicle fire suppression systems Checkfire Restaurant fire suppression systems PIRANHA K-GUARD (Kitchen-Class Fire Extinguishers) R-102 Kitchen Knight II (KK-II) Industrial fire suppression systems I-101 Clean-agent fire suppression systems INERGEN SAPPHIRE Carbon dioxide fire suppression systems (No trade names known in this category) Water-atomizing fire suppression systems AQUASONIC Detection and control equipment AUTOPULSE VESDA Dry chemical and dry powder agents FORAY MET-L-X LITH-X NA-X COPPER POWDER NAVY 125S PLUS-FIFTY-B PLUS-FIFTY-C MET-L-KYL.. Firefighting foam products TARGET-7 Spill control products SPILL-X SPILL-X-A SPILL-X-S SPILL-X-C SPILL-X-FP Recalls 2001: In certain circumstances, seemingly isolated to McDonald's restaurants, detection cables in R-102 systems can fray, fatigue, and fail. Ansul will pay the suppression company to make repairs. 2006: Ansul cooperated with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) to voluntarily recall about 154,000 K-GUARD, SENTRY and FLAG FIRE Model Fire Extinguishers because if the fire extinguisher is dropped horizontally from a height of approximately 2 to , the internal pick-up tube could crack and the extinguisher can fail to discharge properly. 2006: SimplexGrinnell LP, ADT Security Services Inc., and Ansul Inc. were distributors for Tyco Fire & Security Fire Detection Systems made in China with faulty sensors. Sensors could experience reduced sensitivity to smoke in conditions of high humidity and high temperature. A product safety recall was conducted by the firm in cooperation with the CPSC. 2009: Marine high pressure carbon dioxide systems are inadvertently discharging due to an internal pressure vent on the cylinder valve that may not be adequately venting pressure. This can cause the cylinder to actuate, which then causes all other cylinders on the system to actuate. Marine high pressure carbon dioxide valves with a date code range of 10–07 to 06-08 should be replaced. Litigation Ansul was among ten defendants in Miller v. Ansul Inc., Western Fire Protection, et al, Case #688690, San Diego County Superior Court, in 1995. Miller was injured while depressurizing an unrestrained Halon tank. Miller won the case. Former employee Daniel Grace successfully sued Ansul in 1999 for age discrimination. The case was decided by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division. Ansul et al. were named as defendants in a 2005 lawsuit alleging that the use of Agent Orange by the U.S. military led to birth defects for Vietnamese children. The United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York ruled that the defending companies were operating under the direct order of the President and as such could not be sued for the consequences of the use of their product. The court also ruled the British had previously used Agent Orange during the Malayan Emergency in the 1950s and that they set the precedent for America's use during the Vietnam War. Environmental record Emissions Environmentally, Ansul ranked in 2002 among the dirtiest/worst facilities in the US for cancer risk (air and water releases) and non-cancer risk score (air and water releases) due to chromium and copper. Chemicals discharged from Ansul in 2011 include: Chemicals transferred to other sites: certain glycol ethers chromium ethylene glycol lead tert-butyl alcohol Chemicals released to the air: certain glycol ethers chromium ethylene glycol lead nitric acid tert-butyl alcohol zinc compounds Chemicals released to surface water: chromium lead zinc compounds Arsenic contamination Surface water near Ansul is the adjacent Menominee River. The river bottom and groundwater are heavily contaminated with arsenic compounds that were released by Ansul from 1957 to 1977 as a result of herbicide manufacture, with certain spots of river sediment containing levels as high as 11,000 ppm arsenic. For six of those years (1960–1966), arsenic-laden wastewater was discharged directly into the river. These discharges and contaminations were the result of an accumulation of more than of arsenic salt that was at one time stored on site. The company consequently operated under two consent orders (Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources (WDNR) Consent Order 2A-73-714; and Administrative Order on Consent (AOC) between the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the WDNR, and Ansul, signed on September 28, 1990). As a result of the US EPA AOC, Ansul agreed in February 2009 to spend an estimated US$28 million to: remove ≈ of arsenic-contaminated sediments from the Menominee River construct an impermeable barrier wall to bedrock around cap or remove approximately of surface soils contaminated with arsenic above 16-32 ppm pump and treat contaminated groundwater Total remediation efforts and their costs are: 1976–1984, US$11 million to pump and treat contaminated groundwater and install a groundwater interceptor trench at the southern edge of the property. 1998–1999, US$12.4 million to dam and remove arsenic-contaminated sediments from the 8th Street Slip and install an impermeable barrier system to bedrock around the 8th Street Slip and an adjacent Salt Vault 2012–2013 (est.), $25 million to dredge and cap river sediments. In November 2011, the local newspaper reported that Tyco (Ansul) is still negotiating with the EPA and WDNR to work out a plan, which has been submitted to the EPA for approval. Disclosed at a meeting with the Local Menominee River Area of Concern Citizens Advisory Committee was a plan to partially dredge and partially cap the arsenic. Estimated to cost US$24 million and take two years, of contaminated sediment would be removed from an area of - acres around the Eighth Street Slip, which would be replaced with sand from another (undisclosed) area of the river and topped with stone. However, the EPA has indicated that it wants Ansul to dredge the sediment from all ≈. The Tyco proposal also includes capping ≈, leaving of contaminated sediment in place. If approved, this project would commence in June 2012. The Tyco proposal was rejected by the EPA in 2012, and of sediment was ordered to be removed from the main channel, the turning basin, areas directly east of the turning basin, the Sixth Street Slip, and the south channel. Tyco hired Sevenson Environmental Services of New York as the general contractor for the project, which began in July 2012. (Sevenson was also the general contractor to clean up the infamous Love Canal site in New York.) The project is slated for completion by Nov. 1, 2013, and the current estimate of cost is US$25 million. Tyco created a website in 2011 specifically for the cleanup project, featuring reports, news, and FAQs. Community impact The arsenic contamination of the river bed has been problematic for a neighboring corporation, Marinette Marine (MMC). MMC is a shipbuilder with government contracts. Among their limitations for vessel size is the ship's draft, which must be less than the depth of the Menominee River. MMC is located immediately upstream of Ansul, and because of the arsenic contamination of the river bed, MMC's desires to dredge the river have been stymied until Ansul's remediation efforts can be completed. The United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) estimated in 1986 that 40,000 cubic yards of sediment would need to be dredged. The arsenic contamination causes a beneficial use impairment (BUI) resulting in local regulations that restrict anchoring of boats adjacent to the Ansul property, as anchors may disturb the arsenic-laden sediments. A “Menominee River No Anchor Zone” is conspicuously posted. USA Today reported that Marinette schools are in the top 5 percentile for the most exposure to air pollution. St. Thomas Aquinas Academy High School (formerly known as Marinette Catholic Central High School until 2004) is adjacent to Ansul's property, and next to it is the Marinette Middle School (formerly Marinette High School until 1973). Marinette High School is adjacent to the Ansul Fire Technology Center, where tons of chemicals are used annually to train fire fighters. See also Ansul Fire School Ansul Islands Marinette Marine Tyco International References Manufacturing companies based in Wisconsin Marinette County, Wisconsin Firefighting in the United States Emergency services equipment makers Chemical companies established in 1915 1915 establishments in Wisconsin Love Canal
Mental Images GmbH (stylized as mental images) was a German computer generated imagery (CGI) software firm based in Berlin, Germany, and was acquired by Nvidia in 2007, then rebranded as Nvidia Advanced Rendering Center (ARC), and is still providing similar products and technology. The company provides rendering and 3D modeling technology for entertainment, computer-aided design, scientific visualization and architecture. The company was founded by the physicists and computer scientists Rolf Herken, Hans-Christian Hege, Robert Hödicke and Wolfgang Krüger and the economists Günter Ansorge, Frank Schnöckel and Hans Peter Plettner as a company with limited liability & private limited partnership (GmbH & Co. KG) in April 1986 in Berlin, Germany. The Mental Ray software project started in 1986. The first versions of the rendering software were influenced, tested and used for production by Mental Images' then operating large commercial computer animation division, led by the visual effects supervisors John Andrew Berton (1986–1989), 2000 Academy Award winner John Nelson (1987–1989), and 1996, and 2000, Academy Award nominee Stefen Fangmeier (1988–1990). In 2003, Mental Images completed an investment round led by ViewPoint Ventures and another large international private equity investor. Since Dec 2007, Mental Images GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Nvidia corporation with headquarters in Berlin, subsidiaries in San Francisco (Mental Images Inc.) and Melbourne (Mental Images Pty. Ltd.) as well as an office in Stockholm. After acquisition by Nvidia the company has been renamed Nvidia Advanced Rendering Center (Nvidia ARC GmbH). Products Mental Images was the developer of the rendering software Mental Ray, iray, mental mill, RealityServer, and DiCE. Filmography Mental Images (1987) (a short film of the same name) Asterix in America (1994) (3D computer animation "Storm Sequence" and digital effects, software development) Heaven (2002) (images computed with Mental Ray) References External links Technical Oscars: The 75th Scientific & Technical Awards 2002 / 2003 mental images office at the Kant Dreieck tower 1986 establishments in Germany 2007 mergers and acquisitions 3D graphics software 3D imaging Computer-aided design software Nvidia Software companies established in 1986 Software companies of Germany
Victorious Boxers: Ippo's Road to Glory, known as simply Victorious Boxers, is a boxing video game developed by New Corporation for the PlayStation 2 video game console. It is based on the Hajime no Ippo franchise. The game was released in Japan by Entertainment Software Publishing in December 2000 and in North America and Europe by Empire Interactive in 2001. The game features a mix of simulation and arcade style boxing. The storyline, which unfolds in the story mode, takes place in six linear segments that originally overlapped in the manga. The game's fights mirrored the fights from the manga series. The beginning of the game focuses on Ippo Makunouchi's rise to the Japanese Featherweight championship, and later switches to Ippo's fellow gym mates' careers. Victorious Boxers received "generally favorable reviews", with the visual style being poorly received, but its accuracy to boxing being praised. It was commercially successful in Japan, but did poorly in North America. Gameplay Victorious Boxerss gameplay is a mix between simulation and arcade style boxing. It features 3D character models fighting each other within a boxing ring. The game keeps track of the fight records and saves it to the memory card, via an auto-save option. In addition, actual matches can be saved to the memory card as "replay data" and be viewed later. Eighteen camera angles available during matches, some of which include a first person view from either character, a TV camera angle, and overhead views for various angles. The controls were designed to give more realistic movement to characters. Characters can dash, bob and weave in all eight directions. The punches are divided into left and right jabs/hooks. When punches are used in conjunction with "technique" and "special" buttons, extra types of punches can be executed. Combinations and counter-punches are also possible. By combining upper body movements with punches, players can duck down and hit to the body or lean back and throw a quick punch to the head. The initial setup uses the left analog stick for all the character's bodily movements; minor movements to the stick control the upper body movements, while larger movements control the lower body and movement within the ring. Victorious Boxers does not use a damage or life meter. Instead, visible damage can be seen on a boxer's face, which is most noticeable between rounds when the characters are sitting in their corners. The amount of damage taken is reflected by bruises, swelling, and black eyes on the characters' faces. Another sign of damage is the characters' speed of movement throughout the fight. The characters begin to move slower and the controls become less responsive to simulate fatigue. The more a boxer is hit or uses special moves, the more their stamina is affected. Distance is a factor in determining a punch's damage. For example, a jab thrown while next to an opponent will not do as much damage as it would at arm's length. Also, right hooks do not do as much damage if the character is positioned to the opponent's left and vice versa. Modes The game has two modes, a single player story mode and a multi-player versus mode. The story mode follows the boxing careers of the main characters from the original series. All characters available to the player are from the Kamogawa Boxing Gym. Cut scenes are added in before and after matches as the main story telling device, and utilize the same character models as the fights. The game has six story arcs and begins with Makunouchi Ippo, the protagonist from the manga series. Story mode also unlocks more options in the versus mode as a player progresses through the story. Once a character has been played or a special technique learned, they become available in the versus mode. Likewise, once an opponent has been beaten, they are playable in the versus mode. The versus mode is a free fighting mode where multiple players can box. The number of players can range from 0–2; both fighters can be controlled by either the computer or by a player. Initially there are only two playable characters; additional characters become accessible by playing through the story mode. Although the characters are grouped by their boxing weight class, any character can be selected to fight another regardless of weight class. Players can choose from ten locations for the bout. Initially, the only available arena is the Kamogawa Boxing Gym basement. New locations become available once a fight occurs there in the story mode. Plot Setting and boxers Victorious Boxers is set in Tokyo, Japan. The story unfolds via cut scenes set in either the Kamogawa Boxing Gym, the fictional boxing gym of the main characters, or the waiting rooms of the boxing arenas. The gameplay takes place in boxing arenas, some of which are based on locations in Japan and include Korakuen Hall, Ryogoku Sports Arena, and the Osaka Prefectural Gymnasium. Other locations include the mountainous area around Niigata, and an outdoor boxing ring set in post-World War II Tokyo, Japan. The game features forty-four playable boxers—forty-two boxers and two duplicate characters that have handicapped abilities. The protagonist is Ippo Makunouchi, but the story shifts to his friends and fellow contenders as well. The game features most of the boxer up to the 53rd volume of the manga, including Ryuichi Hayami, Ryo Mashiba, Vorg Zangief, Kazuki Sanada, and Ryuhei Sawamura. Excluded are, Itagaki Manabu, Makino Fumito, Hama Dankichi, and Rally Bernard. The different boxers span five different weight classes; most boxers have a special move derived from the manga series. The two duplicate characters are Ippo and Mamoru Takamura. The two characters are weaker than their normal versions and are embodiments of parts of the original story. The weaker Ippo is the first version of the character available. He wears sweats and a T-shirt rather than the boxing trunks the other characters wear. This version is based on when Ippo began boxing and was training to fight his rival, Ichiro Miyata. The weaker Takamura has less muscle mass and looks ill. He is based on a fight in the manga when Takamura overdid his weight management. Story The game begins with a sparring match with Ichiro Miyata, which is actually a rematch from a previous sparring match with Miyata that took place in the manga series. After winning, Ippo take his professional boxer exam to begin his boxing career. He then enters the East Japan Rookie Champion Tournament, and after succeeding, he faces the West Japan Rookie Champ, Takeshi Sendo. Ippo later enters the Class A tournament where he wins his chance to challenge the Japanese Featherweight Champion, Eiji Date. After losing to Eiji Date, Ippo climbs the ranks again to the featherweight championship, where he faces Sendo, who has become the new champion. After becoming the champion, Ippo then defends the title five times. The story then shifts to one of Ippo's senpai, Masaru Aoki, who has been boxing for a number of years before Ippo. He enters the Class A Tournament, but loses. Afterward, he begins his comeback and rises through the Lightweight division to win the Lightweight Championship against Katsutaka Imae. Aoki's story differs from the manga in that Aoki lost several of the fights, and achieved a draw in the Title bout. After Aoki's story arc, the game shifts again to another of Ippo's senpai, Tatsuya Kimura, who began boxing with Aoki. His story is very similar to Aoki's in that he also enters the Class A Tournament and loses. Afterward, he begins his comeback that eventually leads to winning the Junior Lightweight Championship fight against Ryo Mashiba. Kimura's story is also different than the manga in that he lost several of the fights and did not become the Junior Lightweight Champion. The story switches again to Mamoru Takamura. His story is the most similar to the manga in that he is the only character in the series to have never lost a fight. It begins with Takamura as the Japanese Middleweight Champion, defending his title against the Class A Tournament winner. After winning, Takamura and the others go to a lodge in the mountains to train. While there he encounters a mountain bear that he knocks out. After having a successful boxing career in Japan, Takamura aims for a world title and receives a challenge from the World Junior Middleweight Champion, Brian Hawk. Takamura begins a strict weight management program to drop to Hawk's weight class. When they eventually fight, Takamura is victorious and becomes the new Junior Middleweight Champion of the world. After the main boxers have been played, Ippo visits his coach, Genji Kamogawa, at the mountain lodge. While there, he learns about Kamogawa's history as a boxer via a flash back story. Kamogawa and his longtime friend and rival, Ginpachi Nekota, were both boxers before World War II. After the war, they boxed in exhibition matches. The two boxed each other often and once they met Yuki, a young girl from Hiroshima, their rivalry grew. While boxing, Kamogawa severely injured Nekota, but Nekota hide it because of their friendship. One day, Ralph Anderson, an American soldier stationed in their area, challenged and beat up the local boxers to show American dominance over Japanese boxers. Nekota challenges Anderson, but loses due to developing punch-drunk syndrome from his fight with Kamogawa. During the fight, Anderson used an illegal punch on Nekota that worsened his condition. After Nekota's defeat, Kamogawa begins intensive training to defeat Anderson. Through his training, he develops an "iron fist" technique. He then challenges Anderson, who because of his near loss has also trained extensively. After defeating Anderson, Kamogawa vows to pass on his boxing spirit to his students in order to show his boxing to the world. Development Victorious Boxers: Ippo's Road to Glory was produced by Entertainment Software Publishing and was adapted from the Fighting Spirit manga series, at a time when the publishing company was focusing on its licensed comic properties rather than original titles. Development for the game was handled by New Corporation. The developers noted the capacities of the PlayStation 2 allowed them to reproduce the characters of the series accurately. The soundtrack of the game was composed by Takayuki Aihara, Shinji Hosoe and Naoki Tsuchiya. In May 2001, British video game company Empire Interactive announced it would publish the game in Europe and North America. Since Empire's presence in the United States market was minimal, a distribution deal was passed with Vivendi Universal for them to distribute the game, along with six other titles, in North America. Reception The game received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of one eight, one nine, and two eights for a total of 33 out of 40. Many reviews commented that the anime/manga style of characters and use of Japanese names were a turn off to US gamers who were more familiar with boxing games like Knockout Kings or Ready 2 Rumble. NextGen stated, "It's arguably the best 3D boxing game yet" and the versus mode offered "solid replay value". Many reviews commented on the graphics, citing there were other games with better graphics at the time. GamePro rated the overall graphics 3.5 out of 5. Though the graphics were not well received, the character animations were very well received. The lack of audio dialog, which forced the player to read text for the story mode, was also a negative when many other games on the PS2 at the time were adding in voice overs. GamePro rated the overall sound 3 out of 5. Other reviews rated the audio better, particularly the music and sound effects during the fights. The gameplay received mixed reviews. Reviews stated that Victorious Boxers was one of the most technically accurate boxing games of its time. Matt Helgeson of Game Informer described it as dramatically different from the "combo-intensive, somewhat sluggish feel" of Knockout Kings. GameSpot stated the controls gave players "better boxer control", and the "AI of the computer opponents is extremely advanced". While many critics complimented the control scheme, they also commented on its difficulty to master. A common complaint was about characters improperly positioning itself in relation to the opponent while circling the ring. GamePro rated both the controls and fun factor a 4.5 out of 5, and mentioned though the controls were very intuitive and precise, "they require a lot of brainwork and dexterity". NextGen commented on the initial controls, stating they are problematic at first but can be reconfigured to suit the player. In Japan, the game was the fourth best-selling game of December 14, 2000, and sold 256,000 units by February 18, 2001. By September 2001, its sales in Japan alone surpassed 300,000 units. It did not sell well in the U.S., however, mainly due to very little name recognition and poor marketing. The game was later nominated for The Electric Playgrounds 2001 Blister Awards for "Best Console Fighting Game", as well as the 2002 Interactive Achievement Award for "Console Fighting", but ultimately lost both awards to Dead or Alive 3 for Xbox. It did win the award for "Best Game No One Played" at GameSpots Best and Worst of 2001 Awards. Sequels Victorious Boxers was followed by sequels on other video game consoles. The first title was , which was released only in Japan on December 12, 2002, for the Game Boy Advance. The game features 2D graphics rather than 3D, and uses the Game Link Cable for two-player gameplay. Two titles were released on the PlayStation 2; Hajime no Ippo 2: Victorious Road and Victorious Boxers 2: Fighting Spirit. Hajime no Ippo 2: Victorious Road was released on January 29, 2004, exclusively in Japan, and features a fighter-creation mode and new boxers. Victorious Boxers 2: Fighting Spirit was originally released in Japan on December 22, 2004, as , and features gameplay similar to the first Victorious Boxers. It was later released in Europe in 2005 and in North America in 2006. A title for the Wii, , was released in Japan on June 21, 2007. It was later released in North America in October 2007, and in PAL regions in 2008. The game uses the Wii's Wii Remote motion-sensing controllers to simulate punching. References External links Official website Hajime no Ippo 2000 video games Boxing video games Video games based on anime and manga PlayStation 2 games PlayStation 2-only games Fighting games Video games developed in Japan Empire Interactive games Multiplayer and single-player video games Entertainment Software Publishing games
Hitta.se ("Find.se") is a Swedish search engine that offers telephone directory, addresses and maps. The site was founded in June 2004. In February 2005, Hitta.se's parent company TA Teleadress Information Holding AB was bought by Aftonbladet Hierta, who own the tabloid newspaper Aftonbladet, for 200 million Swedish krona. It has since been a part of the Norwegian Schibsted group. For some areas they also offer photos of facades in the city centres. This service was launched in October 2005 for the metropolitan areas Stockholm, Gothenburg and Malmö. In April 2006, Hitta.se added satellite and aerial photos to their map service. In May 2008, a new three-dimensional map service called "Hitta.se 3D" was launched. It used technology from C3 Technologies, which was part of the defence corporation Saab AB, to create a detailed three-dimensional map of Stockholm. Then the software developer Agency9 used Java to create the interface which allows one to navigate through the map. The first map covers 200 square kilometers and was created using finetuned cameras which took 60,000 pictures from an altitude of 600 meters during three days. The 3D map is initially put into a "lab" section to point out that it is still in development. The technology used is based on stereovision, as the many images taken, from different angles, have precise coordinates linked to them. The down side of using this technique over the technique used by Google Earth (where buildings are created by hand) is that transparent buildings or open structures like cranes are not rendered correctly. The system can not cope with that yet as this would require very accurate calculations. References External links Official site Swedish websites Schibsted Street view services
Parliamentary elections were held in Georgia on 21 May 2008. President Mikheil Saakashvili proposed a referendum on bringing them forward from fall to spring after the 2007 Georgian demonstrations. The referendum was held at the same time as the early presidential election on 5 January 2008; the results indicated that voters were largely in favour of having the elections in spring. The Central Election Commission registered 3,458,020 voters, significantly higher than the 2,343,087 registered in 2004. The election was observed by 14 international and 31 local organizations. Pre-election process The pre-election period was principally monitored by the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) as well as several local watchdogs. The PACE observers reported “little or no improvement” in the political climate after the January 5 presidential election, which was held in the tense aftermath of the November 2007 political crisis and resulted in the reelection of Mikheil Saakashvili to his second term. The monitoring mission noted that “the political climate is still dominated by a lack of trust and absence of constructive dialogue between the authorities and the opposition”, one result of this being “the failure of the electoral reform that the authorities and the opposition agreed upon in the aftermath of the November 2007 events.” The amendments to the election code passed by the Parliament in March 2008 took into account recommendations made by the PACE, such as the abolition of additional voters’ lists and voter registration on polling day; lowering of the electoral threshold from 7% to 5%; the simplification and clarification of election-related complaints and appeals procedures; the introduction of party representation in the District Election Commissions. However, the PACE noted that a number of its other recommendations remained unaddressed. This period also saw a significant reshuffle among the major political players. On February 29, 2008, the moderate Republican Party of Georgia left the nine-party opposition coalition, which spearheaded anti-government protests in November 2007, announcing that they would run independently for the parliamentary election, targeting mainly moderate and undecided voters. On the other hand, the New Rights party, which had distanced themselves from the 2007 demonstrations, now joined the nine-party coalition under an election bloc named United Opposition–New Rights. Another key event, which sent shockwaves across Georgia's political scene on April 21, 2008, was the refusal by Nino Burjanadze, the outgoing parliamentary chairwoman and Saakashvili's ally, to run on the president-led United National Movement (UNM) ticket, citing an absence of consensus within the UNM leadership regarding the party list. Contending parties Three election blocs and nine parties contested this election: United National Movement, current ruling party led by President Saakashvili; United Opposition: the National Council – New Rights, a bloc uniting a nine-party alliance (Freedom Movement, Conservative Party of Georgia, Party of Georgia, People's Party, Movement for United Georgia, National Forum, Georgia's Way, Georgian Troupe, On Our Own Party) with David Gamkrelidze's New Right which is led by the former presidential candidate and Saakashvili's principal rival Levan Gachechiladze; Republican Party of Georgia, led by Davit Usupashvili; Georgian Labour Party, led by Shalva Natelashvili; Christian-Democratic Movement, founded and led by the former Imedi TV journalist Giorgi Targamadze; Rightist Alliance – Topadze Industrialists, uniting Industry Will Save Georgia led by the beer magnate Gogi Topadze, the National Democratic Party and Unity led by the former Soviet Georgian leader Jumber Patiashvili; Union of Georgian Traditionalists – Our Georgia – Georgian Women Party for Justice and Equality alliance; Christian-Democratic Alliance, uniting the former presidential candidate Gia Maisashvili, the Green Party and Temur Shashiashvili, a former governor of Imereti region under ex-President Eduard Shevardnadze; The Georgian Politics, a party recently set up by Gocha Pipia, a member of the outgoing parliament; Our Country; National Party of Radical-Democrats of Georgia; Union of Georgian Sportsmen. The Central Election Commission refused to register 37 political parties for the election, on account of various irregularities in their submissions. Opinion polls On May 5, 2008, the United States-based company Greenberg Quinlan Rosner published the results of a United National Movement-commissioned survey, according to which the UNM had the support of 44 percent, compared to 12 percent for the United Opposition Council, 11 percent for the Christian Democratic Movement, 7 percent for the Labour Party, and 4 percent for the Republican Party; 16 percent were undecided. Conduct On election day, there was a shooting incident in the village Khurcha, near Zugdidi, in the west of the country. Three people were hospitalized. Close-up footage of the shooting was captured by a TV crew from Rustavi 2. President Saakashvili claimed that the shooting had been an attempt to disrupt the election. An investigation was carried out by the Norwegian Helsinki Committee within hours, and concluded that the shooting had most likely been carried out by Georgian forces. On 22 May 2008, OSCE observers stated that the poll was an improvement from the presidential election held earlier that year, but that it was stilled marred by a number of imperfections. Early results indicated that UNM had 63% and the United Opposition Council 13%, but the opposition's partial results from Tbilisi gave the UOC 40%, and the UNM - 32%. The Christian Democrats and the Labour Party also cleared the threshold. Results By territory Municipalities of Kurta and Eredvi Aftermath The United Opposition and the Labour Party announced they would boycott parliament, which held its inaugural session on June 7, 2008, while the Christian Democrats refused to join them. Notes References Georgia Legislative election Parliamentary elections in Georgia (country) Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Coin3D is a free and open-source implementation (library) of the Open Inventor API. Coin3D was originally developed and maintained as commercial software by the Norwegian company Kongsberg Oil & Gas Technologies (formerly Kongsberg SIM). Coin3D, like Open Inventor, is a C++ object-oriented retained mode 3D graphics API used to provide a higher layer of programming for OpenGL. The API provides a number of common graphics rendering constructs to developers such as scene graphs to accomplish this. Coin3D is fully compatible with the Open Inventor API version 2.1. Coin3D can be used to drive advanced visualization solutions in a wide range of application domains such as geo-modelling, CAD, medical visualization, robotics and presentation. Uses According to Kongsberg Oil & Gas Technologies, the software is used in a number of commercial and open-source, scientific visualization or 3D modeling projects such as OpenRAVE. Apple, for example, used Coin for 3D rendering in iWork '08 and later. FreeCAD relies on Coin3D for visualization. License history From 1998 to 2011 Coin3D was developed and maintained by Systems in Motion (SIM), later renamed to Kongsberg SIM, later merged into the parent company Kongsberg Oil & Gas Technologies Kongsberg Gruppen. During this period Coin3D was available under a dual license scheme: GPL or a proprietary commercial license. Mid-2011, Kongsberg decided to end Coin3D as a commercial product due to diminishing demand and changing business focus. As a service to the user community Kongsberg re-licensed Coin3D under the less restrictive BSD 3-clause license. Since then, the BSD licensed source code has been maintained by its users and is available at GitHub. Integration with GUI development kits Several libraries exist that are designed to integrate Coin3D with GUI development environments. For developers targeting multi-platform - 'Quarter' provides a seamless integration with the Qt framework. For developers targeting Windows - 'SoWin' integrates with the Win32 API. For developers targeting Mac OS X - Sc21 provides integration with Apple's Cocoa framework Legacy GUI bindings are Qt (SoQt), Win32 API (SoWin) and Motif (SoXt) are also maintained. Language bindings Coin3D is written in C++, but can be accessed from other programming languages using available bindings. Bindings have been developed for Python Pivy, Java and JavaScript. External links http://community.livejournal.com/coin3d_ru Coin3D programming community (RU) References 3D scenegraph APIs Cross-platform free software Software using the BSD license
Dogear may refer to: Dog ear, an informal term for folding the corner of a page to mark a location in a book, as opposed to using an actual bookmark Dog Ear Creek, a stream in South Dakota Dog Ear Lake, a lake in South Dakota Dog Ear Records, a record label dogear, social bookmarking software developed by IBM for use on corporate intranets Dog Ear, the NATO reporting name for the PPRU-1, a Soviet-designed, mobile early-warning radar
The University of Nice Sophia Antipolis () was a university located in Nice, France and neighboring areas. It was founded in 1965 and was organized in eight faculties, two autonomous institutes and an engineering school. It was merged in 2019 into the Côte d'Azur University. It also hosts the first WWW Interactive Multipurpose Server. It is a member of the Coordination of French Research-Intensive Universities, the equivalent of the Russell Group in the UK. History The University of Nice was officially established by decree dated October 23, 1965. However, it has roots that go back to the 17th century, with the Collegium Jurisconsultorum Niciensium created in 1639 by the Princes of Savoy. It was composed of a body of (law consultants and lawyers) and it lasted until Nice was incorporated into France in 1860. In the 17th century, courses were taught at its College of Medicine. The University of Nice's vocation was asserted at the beginning of the 20th century, thanks to the combined efforts of several university members, such as the Dean Louis Trotabas and Maurice Mignon. In 1933 with the help of local communities and the City of Nice in particular, they created the Centre Universitaire Méditerranéen (currently a conference center) situated on the Promenade des Anglais whose first Administrator was the French poet, Paul Valéry. Following that, the Institut d'Etudes Juridiques was established In 1938, the Institut d'Etudes Littéraires in 1941, and the Institut d'Etudes Scientifiques in 1945. La Faculté de Droit et des Sciences Economiques (The College of Law and Economics) was created by decree on August 2, 1962 and was connected to the Université d'Aix-Marseille. Campus The university has four main campuses: the Valrose campus (Sciences), the Trotabas campus (Law), the Saint-Jean d'Angély campus (Economics and Management), and the Carlone campus (Letters, Arts and Humanities). However, the university operates on several secondary locations like Sophia Antipolis or Villefranche-sur-Mer outside Nice. Academics Units of formation and research Law, Political, Economic and Management Sciences Institute of Law, Peace and Development Spaces and Cultures Letters, Arts and Social sciences Medicine Odontology Sciences Sciences and Technology of Physical and Sporting Activities Institutes IAE Nice Graduate School of Management University Institute of Technology School of engineers University Polytechnic School - Polytech Nice-Sophia Laboratoire de Zététique Institute of the Right of Peace and Development (IDPD) Centre de la Méditerranée Moderne et Contemporaine, which produces the academic journal , The university's Institute of Languages also provides lectures and summer courses in French to foreign students. Notable alumni Alphabetically by surname: Yukiya Amano - Japanese diplomat, Director General of IAEA Robert B. Asprey – American military historian and author William Boyd – Scottish novelist writer Nicolae Ceaușescu – Romanian dictator (honorary degree, 1975) Adrian Constantin – Romanian-Austrian mathematician Simon Critchley – English philosopher Driss Dahak – Moroccan diplomat, General Secretary of the Government Noah Dana-Picard – Israeli mathematician, professor, and Talmudic scholar Odile Hembise Fanton d’Andon. CEO of the ACRI-ST Jean-Lou Justine – parasitologist and zoologist Philippe Kahn - mathematician, technology innovator and entrepreneur Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clézio – writer, Nobel Prize in Literature Philippe Mariani – British entrepreneur Zita Martins – Portuguese astrobiologist Mohammed VI – King of Morocco Tomer Sisley – Israeli humorist, actor, screenwriter, comedian, and film director Fatoumata Tambajang – Vice-President of the Gambia Gilles Tonelli – Monegasque engineer, diplomat and politician Zeine Ould Zeidane – Former Prime Minister of Mauritania See also List of early modern universities in Europe References External links University of Nice Website Sophia Antipolis Technology Park Website WWW Interactive Multipurpose Server at wims.unice.fr University International of Nice Website Universities and colleges in Nice Universities in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Education in Villefranche-sur-Mer Buildings and structures in Villefranche-sur-Mer Educational institutions established in 1965 1965 establishments in France
Fred Herzog D.F.A. (September 21, 1930 – September 9, 2019) devoted his artistic life to walking the streets of Vancouver as well as almost 40 countries with his Leica, photographing - mostly with colour slide film - his observations of the street life with all its complexities. Herzog ultimately became celebrated internationally for his pioneering street photography, his understanding of the medium combined with, as he put it, "how you see and how you think" created the right moment to take a picture. Life and career Fred was born Ulrich Herzog in Stuttgart, Germany, in 1930 and spent his childhood in Rottweil, Germany. He lost both of his parents during the war, and in 1946 Herzog went to work as an apprentice in his grandparents' hardware store. Disillusioned by the ravages of war and the situation in Germany, he emigrated to Canada in 1952 and settled in Vancouver in 1953. During the next several years. Herzog studied photography magazines while working aboard ships for the CPR steamship line, and in 1957 he was hired as a medical photographer at St. Paul's Hospital. In 1961, he became the head of the Photo/Cine Division in the Department of Biomedical Communications at UBC, and in 1970 was appointed Associate Director of the Department. Herzog was also hired as an Instructional Specialist in the Fine Arts Department at Simon Fraser University in 1967, and in 1969 became an instructor in the Fine Arts Department at UBC. Herzog had a walking route through Vancouver that enabled him to build friendships with other photographers and neighbourhood residents and gave him an acute understanding of the daily life and soul of Vancouver. Over the course of several decades, Herzog produced a substantial body of colour photographs, taking urban life, second-hand shops, vacant lots, neon signage and the crowds of people who have populated city streets over the past years as his primary subjects. Herzog's use of colour was unusual in the 1950s and 60s, a time when fine art photography was almost exclusively associated with black and white imagery. Additionally, Herzog photographed using Kodachrome slide film that was notoriously difficult to print. For decades he remained virtually unknown until his mid-seventies when printing technology caught up, allowing him to make archival pigment prints that matched the exceptional colour and intensity of the Kodachrome film. A retrospective exhibition, Fred Herzog: Vancouver Photographs, was held at the Vancouver Art Gallery in 2007 and was the first major recognition of Herzog's body of work. Herzog exhibited his work both in Canada and internationally, including the exhibitions Fred Herzog: Photographs, C/O Berlin, Germany (2010), Fred Herzog: A Retrospective, Equinox Gallery, Vancouver (2012), Eyes Wide Open! 100 Years of Leica Photography, Haus der Photographie, Hamburg, Germany (2015), Photography in Canada, 1960-2000, National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa (2017), and many others. In 2010 Herzog received a Honorary Doctorate from Emily Carr University of Art and Design, and in 2014 he received the Audain Prize for Lifetime Achievement in the Visual Arts. An artist profile on Herzog was featured on the Knowledge Network for the series Snapshot: The Art of Photography II in 2011. In 2014, Herzog's photograph Bogner's Grocery (1960) was released as a limited edition stamp as part of Canada Post's Canadian Photography Series. Herzog died on September 9, 2019, at age 88 . Publications Fred Herzog: Vancouver Photographs. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre; Vancouver Art Gallery, 2007. . Edited by Grant Arnold and Michael Turner. Fred Herzog: Photographs. Vancouver: Douglas & McIntyre, 2011. . With essays by Claudia Gochmann, Sarah Milroy, Jeff Wall and Douglas Coupland. Fred Herzog: Photographs. Berlin: Hatje Cantz, 2011. . Curated by Stephen Waddell and Felix Hoffmann and edited by Hoffmann. Text in English and German. Fred Herzog: Modern Color. Berlin: Hatje Cantz, 2017. . With essays by David Campany and Hans-Michael Koetzle. Exhibitions Fred Herzog: Vancouver Photographs, Vancouver Art Gallery, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, 2007. Fred Herzog: Photographs, C/O Berlin, Berlin, Germany, 2010. Fred Herzog: A Retrospective, Equinox Gallery, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, 2012. Eyes Wide Open! 100 Years of Lucia Photography, Haus der Photographie, Hamburg, Germany, 2015. Photography in Canada, 1960-2000, National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, 2017. Awards 2014: Audain Prize for Lifetime Achievement in the Visual Arts, Audain Art Museum, Canada See also List of German Canadians References External links "Lost Vancouver – in pictures", a gallery of Herzog's photographs in The Guardian 1930 births 2019 deaths Artists from Vancouver Canadian photographers German emigrants to Canada People from Rottweil Street photographers
The Social Life of Information is a 2000 book by John Seely Brown (the former Chief Scientist of Xerox Corporation and director of Xerox PARC) and Paul Duguid (Adjunct professor at the UC Berkeley School of Information), which discusses recently developed practices in the transmission of information in social and business contexts. The authors argue that information technology needs to be considered in a broad context that includes the entirety of society and social resources, in contrast to the narrow focus on information that tends to be the framework of such technology – what the authors criticize as "tunnel design". That is, increased technological delivery of information does not in and of itself contribute to a better future. The text, in part, analyzes examples of the office world's adoption of technology, offering a differentiated rather than an unquestioningly affirmative view of the effects. User agents Serving as an early example of the ambiguous utility of software to human, the authors discuss software known as autonomous agents which manipulate information. Different forms of such agents include information broker, product brokering, merchant brokering, and negotiation. The authors use an example of information brokering using the Macintosh program named Sherlock that searched for the word "knobot" via the Internet. Product brokering would be an example of an online bookstore sending a person an email about a book for sale based on the previous types of books the customer bought. Merchant brokering, now widely practiced, consists of finding the best price for a product. For example, eBay allows users, not necessarily in the same location, to buy new, used, or refurbished products through an auction, at a fixed price, or through negotiation. This book has been republished in 2002 with a new introduction, by the Harvard Business School Press. Reviews Reviews of the book from professional journals include: Gleason, Sandra (Summer 2001). Planning for Higher Education. 29(4): pp. 38-39. O'Malley, Lisa (2002), in Journal of Marketing. 66(4): pp. 124-127. . Watson-Boone, Peter (2001), in Portal: Libraries and the Academy. 1(2): pp. 180-12. . The Library Quarterly. 2001. 71(1): pp. 94-95. See also Knowledge management John Seely Brown Information ecology Information society Notes References Information science 2000 non-fiction books
Wellington Drive Technologies Ltd (WDT) is a New Zealandbased company that supplies electricity-saving, electronically commutated (EC) motors and fans worldwide. Their focus is on advanced motors, electronics and software that save power. The company makes motors from industrial plastics, rather than from stamped metal parts. They claim that this provides advantages in costs, performance and reliability. The company's products are suitable for ventilation, heat recovery, refrigeration and air conditioning. The company was established in 1986 as a patent holding and licensing organization. In 1998 the company was restructured substantially and since then its engineering and commercial activities have been focused providing for the domestic and light industrial appliance market. WDT maintains a multi-disciplinary research and engineering team in its 1850 m² corporate headquarters in Auckland, New Zealand. The company is currently listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX) References Wellington Drive Technologies website Technology companies of New Zealand Technology companies established in 1986 New Zealand companies established in 1986
A domain is the targeted subject area of a computer program. It is a term used in software engineering. Formally it represents the target subject of a specific programming project, whether narrowly or broadly defined. For example, for a particular programming project that has as a goal the creation of a program for a particular hospital, that hospital would be the domain. Or, the project can be expanded in scope to include all hospitals as its domain. In a computer programming design, you define a domain by delineating a set of common requirements, terminology, and functionality for any software program constructed to solve a problem in the area of computer programming, known as domain engineering. The word domain is also taken as a synonym of application domain. Domain in the realm of software engineering commonly refers to the subject area on which the application is intended to apply. In other words, during application development, the domain is the "sphere of knowledge and activity around which the application logic revolves." —Andrew Powell-Morse Domain: A sphere of knowledge, influence, or activity. The subject area to which the user applies a program is the domain of the software. —Eric Evans See also Domain-driven design Domain-specific programming language Domain model Programming domain References Software design
In mathematics, the Riemann–Siegel formula is an asymptotic formula for the error of the approximate functional equation of the Riemann zeta function, an approximation of the zeta function by a sum of two finite Dirichlet series. It was found by in unpublished manuscripts of Bernhard Riemann dating from the 1850s. Siegel derived it from the Riemann–Siegel integral formula, an expression for the zeta function involving contour integrals. It is often used to compute values of the Riemann–Siegel formula, sometimes in combination with the Odlyzko–Schönhage algorithm which speeds it up considerably. When used along the critical line, it is often useful to use it in a form where it becomes a formula for the Z function. If M and N are non-negative integers, then the zeta function is equal to where is the factor appearing in the functional equation , and is a contour integral whose contour starts and ends at +∞ and circles the singularities of absolute value at most . The approximate functional equation gives an estimate for the size of the error term. and derive the Riemann–Siegel formula from this by applying the method of steepest descent to this integral to give an asymptotic expansion for the error term R(s) as a series of negative powers of Im(s). In applications s is usually on the critical line, and the positive integers M and N are chosen to be about . found good bounds for the error of the Riemann–Siegel formula. Riemann's integral formula Riemann showed that where the contour of integration is a line of slope −1 passing between 0 and 1 . He used this to give the following integral formula for the zeta function: References Reprinted in Gesammelte Abhandlungen, Vol. 1. Berlin: Springer-Verlag, 1966. External links Zeta and L-functions Theorems in analytic number theory Bernhard Riemann
Charles Butler (born April 4, 1979, in Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American physician, entrepreneur, and former figure skater. With Jessica Joseph, he is the 1998 World Junior champion and 1998 U.S. silver medalist. They also were the youngest couple to compete in the 1998 Winter Olympic Games. Butler attended New York University Medical School, completed his residency as a Doctor of Internal Medicine at Rush University Medical Center, and is certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine. As an entrepreneur, he started several successful companies including "Charles Jewelry LLC", a jewelry company that makes high end jewelry and diamonds, and an ice skate blade company "Ultimate Skate LLC". He successfully founded and funded "VideoMedicine, Inc.", a telemedicine software company that is the world's first free-market health system. His Twitter handle is @DrCharlesButler. Competitive highlights (with Joseph) References American male ice dancers Figure skaters at the 1998 Winter Olympics Olympic figure skaters for the United States 1979 births Living people World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists Figure skaters from Salt Lake City
Joseph D. Becker is an American computer scientist and one of the co-founders of the Unicode project, and a Technical Vice President Emeritus of the Unicode Consortium. He has worked on artificial intelligence at BBN and multilingual workstation software at Xerox. Becker has long been involved in the issues of multilingual computing in general and Unicode in particular. His 1984 paper in Scientific American, "Multilingual Word Processing", was a seminal work on some of the problems involved, including the need to distinguish characters and glyphs. Following the release of the paper in 1987, he and two others began investigations into the practicality of creating a universal character set. Becker teamed up with his colleague Lee Collins who worked alongside him at Xerox and Mark Davis of Apple. It was Becker who coined the word "Unicode" to cover the project. His article Unicode 88, contained the first public summary of the principles originally underlying the Unicode standard. References Living people Year of birth missing (living people) People involved with Unicode American computer scientists
A hodoscope (from the Greek "hodos" for way or path, and "skopos" an observer) is an instrument used in particle detectors to detect passing charged particles and determine their trajectories. Hodoscopes are characterized by being made up of many segments; the combination of which segments record a detection is then used to infer where the particle passed through hodoscope. The typical detector segment is a piece of scintillating material, which emits light when a particle passes through it. The scintillation light can be converted to an electrical signal either by a photomultiplier tube (PMT) or a PIN diode. If a segment measures some significant amount of light, the experimenter can infer that a particle passed through that segment. In addition to coordinate information, for some systems the strength of the light can be proportional to the deposited energy. By doing necessary calibrations, the deposited energy can be determined, which then can be used to infer information about the original particle's energy. As an example: a simple hodoscope might be used to determine where a particle crossed a plane or a wall. In this case, the experimenter could use two segments shaped like strips, arranged in two layers. One layer of strips could be arranged horizontally, while a second layer could be arranged vertically. A particle passing through the wall would hit a strip in each layer; the vertical strip would reveal the particle's horizontal position when it crossed the wall, while the horizontal strip would indicate the particle's vertical position. Hodoscopes are some of the simplest detectors for tracking charged particles. However, their spatial resolution is limited by the segment size. In applications where the spatial resolution is very important, hodoscopes have been superseded by other detectors such as drift chambers and time projection chambers. Further reading http://www.scifun.ed.ac.uk/pages/pp4ss/pp4ss-hodoscope.html External links Particle detectors
Self Protecting Digital Content (SPDC), is a copy protection (digital rights management) architecture which allows restriction of access to, and copying of, the next generation of optical discs and streaming/downloadable content. Overview Designed by Cryptography Research, Inc. of San Francisco, SPDC executes code from the encrypted content on the DVD player, enabling the content providers to change DRM systems in case an existing system is compromised. It adds functionality to make the system "dynamic", as opposed to "static" systems in which the system and keys for encryption and decryption do not change, thus enabling one compromised key to decode all content released using that encryption system. "Dynamic" systems attempt to make future content released immune to existing methods of circumvention. Playback method If a method of playback used in previously released content is revealed to have a weakness, either by review or because it has already been exploited, code embedded into content released in the future will change the method, and any attackers will have to start over and attack it again. Targeting compromised players If a certain model of players are compromised, code specific to the model can be activated to verify that the particular player has not been compromised. The player can be "fingerprinted" if found to be compromised and the information can be used later. Forensic marking Code inserted into content can add information to the output that specifically identifies the player, and in a large-scale distribution of the content, can be used to trace the player. This may include the fingerprint of a specific player. Weaknesses If an entire class of players is compromised, it is infeasible to revoke the ability to use the content on the entire class because many customers may have purchased players in the class. A fingerprint may be used to try to work around this limitation, but an attacker with access to multiple sources of video may "scrub" the fingerprint, removing the fingerprint entirely or rendering it useless at the very least. Because dynamic execution requires a virtual environment, it may be possible to recreate an execution environment on a general purpose computer that feeds the executing code whatever an attacker wants the code to see in terms of digital fingerprints and memory footprints. This allows players running on general purpose computers to emulate any specific model of player, potentially by simply downloading firmware updates for the players being emulated. Once the emulated execution environment has decrypted the content, it can then be stored in decrypted form. Because the content encryption scheme (such as BD+) is separate from the transport encryption scheme (such as HDCP), digital content is transferred inside the player between circuits in unencrypted form. It is possible to extract digital data directly from circuit traces inside a licensed and legal player before that content has been re-encrypted for transport across the wire, allowing a modified player to be used as a decryption device for protected content. Only one such device must exist for the content to be widely distributed over digital networks such as the Internet. The final weakness of all DRM schemes for noninteractive works is the ultimate decryption for display to end-users. The content can at that time be re-encoded as a digital file. The presumption is that re-encoding is lossy, but fully digital copies can be made with modified viewing devices. For example, HDCP to unencrypted DVI adapters exist on the market and can be used by infringers to re-encode digital copies without modifying players. There also exists adapters that will split HDCP-encumbered HDMI stream into a non-encrypted DVI and S/PDIF streams, both digital, allowing for next-to-lossless reconstruction of digital copies with complete video and audio streams. Further, infringers can make copies through the analog hole. Modern HD televisions are merely 2 megapixels in resolution and the HD specification will be static for at least two decades, as high-expense consumer product cycles are necessarily long and higher resolution provides decreasing benefit to the consumer. By the time the specification is mid-life, cameras with 20 megapixel resolution will be available and able to record full-motion video, allowing for full two-axis oversampling and software reconstruction of the original stream pixel-by-pixel, with the only analog losses being encoded as slight variations in pixel color--and even this loss can be compensated for with color profile adjustment after the re-encode has completed. It would not be possible to compensate for possible compression of the color space dynamic, however, leading to a slight posterizing effect. This effect is already apparent in compressed video and does not seem to bother most consumers. External links About Self-Protecting Digital Content Self-Protecting Digital Content - A Technical Report from the CRI Content Security Research Initiative Digital rights management DVD
Chamchamal (, ) is a town located in Kirkuk Governorate, Kurdistan Region, Iraq. Controlled by Kurdistan, it is the town which is nearest located to the disputed territories of Northern Iraq. Chamchamal is home to the Gorani-speaking Hamawand tribe. Population and location The city is a 30 minutes drive east from Kirkuk and an hour west of Sulaymaniyah. The population was 58,000 in 2003. The population in 2018 was 65,300 people, including Arabs. History The city has a historic citadel, and early Western observers of the region speculated that it has been inhabited since the Sassanid period. The Chamchamal valley is also home to important paleolithic sites of Jarmo and Zarzi. Climate Notable people Thanun Pyriadi (born 1933), chemist, from Ali Mansour village See also Garmekan (Sasanian province located in modern-day Kurdistan Region of Iraq) Garmian Region Beth Garmai References Cities in Iraqi Kurdistan Populated places in Sulaymaniyah Province District capitals of Iraq Kurdish settlements in Iraq
Marek Chrobak is a full professor at University of California, Riverside. He is known for his work competitive analysis of online algorithms, particularly for the k-server problem, on information dissemination in ad-hoc radio networks, and on graph drawing. In automata theory, Chrobak is known for his contributions to the study of finite automata over a one-letter alphabet. In particular, "Chrobak normal form" for nondeterministic finite automata is known. Chrobak obtained his PhD in Computer Science from Warsaw University in 1985. References External links Bibliography of papers on online algorithms Year of birth missing (living people) Living people University of California, Riverside faculty University of Warsaw alumni
Blue force tracking is a United States military term for a GPS-enabled capability that provides military commanders and forces with location information about friendly (and despite its name, also hostile) military forces. In NATO military symbology, blue typically denotes friendly forces. The capability provides a common picture of the location of friendly forces and therefore is referred to as the blue force tracker. When all capitalized, the term refers to a specific defense contractors' system, but the capability is found in many military and civilian mobile apps. Systems Blue force tracking (BFT) systems consist of a computer, used to display location information, a satellite terminal and satellite antenna, used to transmit location and other military data, a Global Positioning System receiver (to determine its own position), command-and-control software (to send and receive orders, and many other battlefield support functions), and mapping software, usually in the form of a geographic information system (GIS), that plots the BFT device on a map. The system displays the location of the host vehicle on the computer's terrain-map display, along with the locations of other platforms (friendly in blue, and enemy in red) in their respective locations. BFT can also be used to send and receive text and imagery messages, and has a mechanism for reporting the locations of enemy forces and other battlefield conditions (for example, the location of minefields, battlefield obstacles, bridges that are damaged, etc.). Additional capability in some BFT devices is found in route planning tools. By inputting grid coordinates, the BFT becomes both the map and compass for mechanized units. With proximity warnings enabled, the vehicle crew is made aware as they approach critical or turn points. Adoption Users of BFT systems include the United States Army, the United States Marine Corps, the United States Air Force, the United States Navy ground-based expeditionary forces (e.g., United States Naval Special Warfare Command (NSWC) and Navy Expeditionary Combat Command (NECC) units), the United Kingdom, and German Soldier System IdZ-ES+. In 2008, work began on plans to reach the level of nearly 160,000 tracking systems in the US Army within a few years; the system prime contractor is the Northrop Grumman corporation of Los Angeles, California. In November 2010, the US Army and the US Marines Corps reached an agreement to standardize on a shared system, to be called "Joint Battle Command Platform", which will be derived from the Army's FBCB2 system that was used by the US Army, the US Marines Corps, and the British Army during heavy combat operations in the Iraq War in 2003. An Army-specific Blue Force Tracking technology is Force XXI Battle Command Brigade and Below, or FBCB2. The system continually transmits locations over the FBCB2 network. It then monitors the location and progress of friendly (and enemy) forces, and sends those specific coordinates to a central location called the Army Tactical Operations Center. There the data are consolidated into a common operational picture, or COP, and sent to numerous destinations, such as the headquarters element, other in-theater forces, or back out to other military units for situational awareness. The system also allows users to input or update operational graphics (i.e. obstacles, engineer reconnaissance on the road, enemy forces). Once uploaded, it can either be sent to higher headquarters or "mailed" to other subscribers of that user's list, or other BFT users within the subscription system. The M1A1 Abrams's tank AIM refurbishment/upgrade program includes FBCB2 and Blue Force Tracking. The BFT system, and the FBCB2 system of which it is a variant, have won numerous awards and accolades, including: recognition in 2001 as one of the five best-managed software programs in the entire US Government, the 2003 Institute for Defense and Government Advancement's award for most innovative US Government program, the 2003 Federal Computer Week Monticello Award (given in recognition of an information system that has a direct, meaningful impact on human lives), and the Battlespace Information 2005 "Best Program in Support of Coalition Operations". See also Force XXI Battle Command Brigade and Below Project Manager Force XXI Battle Command Brigade and Below Program Executive Office Command Control and Communications Tactical Civilian / commercial equivalents Find My Friends Android Tactical Assault Kit Swarm (app) Automatic Packet Reporting System References Photograph taken of Major Stuart Burruss, Executive Officer, 2-156th Infantry, 256th Brigade Combat Team (Mechanized) at Camp Liberty prior to a combat patrol in the brigade's Area of Operations. External links The Blue Force Tracker System video by Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum Command and control Military equipment of the United States Military electronics of the United States
Adware, often called advertising-supported software by its developers, is software that generates revenue for its developer by automatically generating online advertisements in the user interface of the software or on a screen presented to the user during the installation process. The software may generate two types of revenue: one is for the display of the advertisement and another on a "pay-per-click" basis, if the user clicks on the advertisement. Some advertisements also act as spyware, collecting and reporting data about the user, to be sold or used for targeted advertising or user profiling. The software may implement advertisements in a variety of ways, including a static box display, a banner display, a full screen, a video, a pop-up ad or in some other form. All forms of advertising carry health, ethical, privacy and security risks for users. The 2003 Microsoft Encyclopedia of Security and some other sources use the term "adware" differently: "any software that installs itself on your system without your knowledge and displays advertisements when the user browses the Internet", i.e., a form of malware. Some software developers offer their software free of charge, and rely on revenue from advertising to recoup their expenses and generate income. Some also offer a version of the software at a fee without advertising. Advertising-supported software In legitimate software, the advertising functions are integrated into or bundled with the program. Adware is usually seen by the developer as a way to recover development costs, and generate revenue. In some cases, the developer may provide the software to the user free of charge or at a reduced price. The income derived from presenting advertisements to the user may allow or motivate the developer to continue to develop, maintain and upgrade the software product. The use of advertising-supported software in business is becoming increasingly popular, with a third of IT and business executives in a 2007 survey by McKinsey & Company planning to be using ad-funded software within the following two years. Advertisement-funded software is also one of the business models for open-source software. Application software Some software is offered in both an advertising-supported mode and a paid, advertisement-free mode. The latter is usually available by an online purchase of a license or registration code for the software that unlocks the mode, or the purchase and download of a separate version of the software. Some software authors offer advertising-supported versions of their software as an alternative option to business organizations seeking to avoid paying large sums for software licenses, funding the development of the software with higher fees for advertisers. Examples of advertising-supported software include Adblock Plus ("Acceptable Ads"), the Windows version of the Internet telephony application Skype, and the Amazon Kindle 3 family of e-book readers, which has versions called "Kindle with Special Offers" that display advertisements on the home page and in sleep mode in exchange for substantially lower pricing. In 2012, Microsoft and its advertising division, Microsoft Advertising, announced that Windows 8, the major release of the Microsoft Windows operating system, would provide built-in methods for software authors to use advertising support as a business model. The idea had been considered since as early as 2005. Most editions of Windows 10 include adware by default. Software as a service Support by advertising is a popular business model of software as a service (SaaS) on the Web. Notable examples include the email service Gmail and other Google Workspace products (previously called Google Apps and G Suite), and the social network Facebook. Microsoft has also adopted the advertising-supported model for many of its social software SaaS offerings. The Microsoft Office Live service was also available in an advertising-supported mode. Definition of Spyware, Consent, and Ethics In the view of Federal Trade Commission staff, there appears to be general agreement that software should be considered "spyware" only if it is downloaded or installed on a computer without the user's knowledge and consent. However, unresolved issues remain concerning how, what, and when consumers need to be told about software installed on their computers. For instance, distributors often disclose in an end-user license agreement that there is additional software bundled with primary software, but some participants did not view such disclosure as sufficient to infer consent. Much of the discussion on the topic involves the idea of informed consent, the assumption being that this standard eliminates any ethical issues with any given software's behavior. However, if a majority of important software, websites and devices were to adopt similar behavior and only the standard of informed consent is used, then logically a user's only recourse against that behavior would become not using a computer. The contract would become an ultimatum - agree or be ostracized from the modern world. This is a form of psychological coercion and presents an ethical problem with using implied or inferred consent as a standard. There are notable similarities between this situation and binding arbitration clauses which have become inevitable in contracts in the United States. Furthermore, certain forms and strategies of advertising have been shown to lead to psychological harm, especially in children. One example is childhood eating disorders - several studies have reported a positive association between exposure to beauty and fashion magazines and an increased level of weight concerns or eating disorder symptoms in girls. Malware The term adware is frequently used to describe a form of malware (malicious software) which presents unwanted advertisements to the user of a computer. The advertisements produced by adware are sometimes in the form of a pop-up, sometimes in an "unclosable window", and sometimes injected into web pages. When the term is used in this way, the severity of its implication varies. While some sources rate adware only as an "irritant", others classify it as an "online threat" or even rate it as seriously as computer viruses and trojans. The precise definition of the term in this context also varies. Adware that observes the computer user's activities without their consent and reports it to the software's author is called spyware. Adwares may collect the personal information of the user, causing privacy concerns. However, most adware operates legally and some adware manufacturers have even sued antivirus companies for blocking adware. Programs have been developed to detect, quarantine, and remove advertisement-displaying malware, including Ad-Aware, Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware, Spyware Doctor and Spybot – Search & Destroy. In addition, almost all commercial antivirus software currently detect adware and spyware, or offer a separate detection module. A new wrinkle is adware (using stolen certificates) that disables anti-malware and virus protection; technical remedies are available. Adware has also been discovered in certain low-cost Android devices, particularly those made by small Chinese firms running on Allwinner systems-on-chip. There are even cases where adware code is embedded deep into files stored on the system and boot partitions, to which removal involves extensive (and complex) modifications to the firmware. In recent years, machine-learning based systems have been implemented to detect malicious adware on Android devices by examining features in the flow of network traffic. See also Malvertising Online advertising Typhoid adware Notes References Online advertising Types of malware
John R. Yates III is an American chemist and Ernest W. Hahn Professor in the Departments of Molecular Medicine and Neurobiology at The Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, California. His work is focused on developing tools and in proteomics and he specializes in mass spectrometry. He is best known for the development of the SEQUEST algorithm for automated peptide sequencing and Multidimensional Protein Identification Technology (MudPIT) and data independent analysis (DIA). His laboratory has made important contributions to understanding the biochemical mechanisms behind the failure of DF508 cystic fibrosis ion transport regulator (CFTR) to mature. References External links Page at Scripps Lab page 21st-century American chemists Mass spectrometrists Living people Scripps Research faculty Year of birth missing (living people) Thomson Medal recipients
AMSD Ariadna is the first Russian web browser ever developed. It was developed by Advanced Multimedia System Design (AMSD) in early 1994. Development To spread word of the Internet in Russia, AMSD researched the web browser in 1994. It was released in 1995 and was ported to Windows 95 and Windows NT. By the time of its introduction, Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator, two no-cost browsers, were dominating the Russian browser market. Ariadna, however, wasn't free software and, despite its high quality, failed to make a stance in the market and was terminated a few years later. Features Being a pioneer browser, Ariadna has limited functionality compared to today's browsers. Some features include: HTML 3.2 support PNG support, including transparency (but not as background images) Limited Java support (only JDK 1.02) E-mail and text box support 50,000 word English-Russian dictionary Data filter Ariadna does not support animated GIFs or JavaScript. See also Web browser History of the World Wide Web List of web browsers References External links Ariadna Project Page Chrome Themes Builder 1995 software Discontinued web browsers Windows web browsers
is a Japanese engineering, procurement and construction company serving mainly the hydrocarbons (oil and natural gas) and petrochemical sectors worldwide. It was established in 1961. Its various business include R&D collaboration, design, engineering, equipment procurement, construction, test operations and technical guidance in such areas as general chemicals, petrochemicals, oil refinement, natural gas, electric power, nuclear power, advanced production systems, distribution, medical facilities, biotechnology, environment at each manufacturing plant, procurement, development and sales of systems engineering and other software. Most of its revenue comes from outside Japan; it has a particular presence in China, India, Indonesia, Iran and Russia. In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2008, it had sales of 215 billion yen, a net income of 4.45 billion yen, and about a thousand employees. The Toyo Group, or Global Toyo, consists of Toyo together with 27 subsidiaries and 11 affiliates, with a total of 5500 employees; the central portion comprises about 3300 employees. History May 1961 (Showa 36): Toyo Engineering was established through the separation and independence of the engineering division of Toyo High-Pressure Industry (now Mitsui Chemicals). The company was founded with investments from Taisei Corporation, Mitsui & Co., Ltd., and Toyo High-Pressure Industry. 1962 (Showa 37): Entered into a business collaboration with the American company, Lumus. 1965 (Showa 40): Received its first order for an ethylene plant. November 1980 (Showa 55): Listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) Second Section. September 1982 (Showa 57): Upgraded to the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 1987 (Showa 62): Established Technofrontier Corporation, which later became Tech Project Services Corporation. April 1999 (Heisei 11): The system integration business was spun off to form Toyo Business Engineering Corporation. May 2006 (Heisei 18): Mitsui & Co., Ltd. became the largest shareholder through a third-party allotment of shares. July 2012 (Heisei 24): On the occasion of the 50th anniversary of its founding in the previous year, the company refreshed its symbol mark. References Engineering companies of Japan Mitsui 1961 establishments in Japan Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Companies based in Chiba Prefecture Construction and civil engineering companies based in Tokyo Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1961 Japanese companies established in 1961
Meta learning is a subfield of machine learning where automatic learning algorithms are applied to metadata about machine learning experiments. As of 2017, the term had not found a standard interpretation, however the main goal is to use such metadata to understand how automatic learning can become flexible in solving learning problems, hence to improve the performance of existing learning algorithms or to learn (induce) the learning algorithm itself, hence the alternative term learning to learn. Flexibility is important because each learning algorithm is based on a set of assumptions about the data, its inductive bias. This means that it will only learn well if the bias matches the learning problem. A learning algorithm may perform very well in one domain, but not on the next. This poses strong restrictions on the use of machine learning or data mining techniques, since the relationship between the learning problem (often some kind of database) and the effectiveness of different learning algorithms is not yet understood. By using different kinds of metadata, like properties of the learning problem, algorithm properties (like performance measures), or patterns previously derived from the data, it is possible to learn, select, alter or combine different learning algorithms to effectively solve a given learning problem. Critiques of meta learning approaches bear a strong resemblance to the critique of metaheuristic, a possibly related problem. A good analogy to meta-learning, and the inspiration for Jürgen Schmidhuber's early work (1987) and Yoshua Bengio et al.'s work (1991), considers that genetic evolution learns the learning procedure encoded in genes and executed in each individual's brain. In an open-ended hierarchical meta learning system using genetic programming, better evolutionary methods can be learned by meta evolution, which itself can be improved by meta meta evolution, etc. Definition A proposed definition for a meta learning system combines three requirements: The system must include a learning subsystem. Experience is gained by exploiting meta knowledge extracted in a previous learning episode on a single dataset, or from different domains. Learning bias must be chosen dynamically. Bias refers to the assumptions that influence the choice of explanatory hypotheses and not the notion of bias represented in the bias-variance dilemma. Meta learning is concerned with two aspects of learning bias. Declarative bias specifies the representation of the space of hypotheses, and affects the size of the search space (e.g., represent hypotheses using linear functions only). Procedural bias imposes constraints on the ordering of the inductive hypotheses (e.g., preferring smaller hypotheses). Common approaches There are three common approaches: using (cyclic) networks with external or internal memory (model-based) learning effective distance metrics (metrics-based) explicitly optimizing model parameters for fast learning (optimization-based). Model-Based Model-based meta-learning models updates its parameters rapidly with a few training steps, which can be achieved by its internal architecture or controlled by another meta-learner model. Memory-Augmented Neural Networks A Memory-Augmented Neural Network, or MANN for short, is claimed to be able to encode new information quickly and thus to adapt to new tasks after only a few examples. Meta Networks Meta Networks (MetaNet) learns a meta-level knowledge across tasks and shifts its inductive biases via fast parameterization for rapid generalization. Metric-Based The core idea in metric-based meta-learning is similar to nearest neighbors algorithms, which weight is generated by a kernel function. It aims to learn a metric or distance function over objects. The notion of a good metric is problem-dependent. It should represent the relationship between inputs in the task space and facilitate problem solving. Convolutional Siamese Neural Network Siamese neural network is composed of two twin networks whose output is jointly trained. There is a function above to learn the relationship between input data sample pairs. The two networks are the same, sharing the same weight and network parameters. Matching Networks Matching Networks learn a network that maps a small labelled support set and an unlabelled example to its label, obviating the need for fine-tuning to adapt to new class types. Relation Network The Relation Network (RN), is trained end-to-end from scratch. During meta-learning, it learns to learn a deep distance metric to compare a small number of images within episodes, each of which is designed to simulate the few-shot setting. Prototypical Networks Prototypical Networks learn a metric space in which classification can be performed by computing distances to prototype representations of each class. Compared to recent approaches for few-shot learning, they reflect a simpler inductive bias that is beneficial in this limited-data regime, and achieve satisfied results. Optimization-Based What optimization-based meta-learning algorithms intend for is to adjust the optimization algorithm so that the model can be good at learning with a few examples. LSTM Meta-Learner LSTM-based meta-learner is to learn the exact optimization algorithm used to train another learner neural network classifier in the few-shot regime. The parametrization allows it to learn appropriate parameter updates specifically for the scenario where a set amount of updates will be made, while also learning a general initialization of the learner (classifier) network that allows for quick convergence of training. Temporal Discreteness MAML, short for Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning, is a fairly general optimization algorithm, compatible with any model that learns through gradient descent. Reptile Reptile is a remarkably simple meta-learning optimization algorithm, given that both of its components rely on meta-optimization through gradient descent and both are model-agnostic. Examples Some approaches which have been viewed as instances of meta learning: Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) are universal computers. In 1993, Jürgen Schmidhuber showed how "self-referential" RNNs can in principle learn by backpropagation to run their own weight change algorithm, which may be quite different from backpropagation. In 2001, Sepp Hochreiter & A.S. Younger & P.R. Conwell built a successful supervised meta learner based on Long short-term memory RNNs. It learned through backpropagation a learning algorithm for quadratic functions that is much faster than backpropagation. Researchers at Deepmind (Marcin Andrychowicz et al.) extended this approach to optimization in 2017. In the 1990s, Meta Reinforcement Learning or Meta RL was achieved in Schmidhuber's research group through self-modifying policies written in a universal programming language that contains special instructions for changing the policy itself. There is a single lifelong trial. The goal of the RL agent is to maximize reward. It learns to accelerate reward intake by continually improving its own learning algorithm which is part of the "self-referential" policy. An extreme type of Meta Reinforcement Learning is embodied by the Gödel machine, a theoretical construct which can inspect and modify any part of its own software which also contains a general theorem prover. It can achieve recursive self-improvement in a provably optimal way. Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning (MAML) was introduced in 2017 by Chelsea Finn et al. Given a sequence of tasks, the parameters of a given model are trained such that few iterations of gradient descent with few training data from a new task will lead to good generalization performance on that task. MAML "trains the model to be easy to fine-tune." MAML was successfully applied to few-shot image classification benchmarks and to policy-gradient-based reinforcement learning. Discovering meta-knowledge works by inducing knowledge (e.g. rules) that expresses how each learning method will perform on different learning problems. The metadata is formed by characteristics of the data (general, statistical, information-theoretic,... ) in the learning problem, and characteristics of the learning algorithm (type, parameter settings, performance measures,...). Another learning algorithm then learns how the data characteristics relate to the algorithm characteristics. Given a new learning problem, the data characteristics are measured, and the performance of different learning algorithms are predicted. Hence, one can predict the algorithms best suited for the new problem. Stacked generalisation works by combining multiple (different) learning algorithms. The metadata is formed by the predictions of those different algorithms. Another learning algorithm learns from this metadata to predict which combinations of algorithms give generally good results. Given a new learning problem, the predictions of the selected set of algorithms are combined (e.g. by (weighted) voting) to provide the final prediction. Since each algorithm is deemed to work on a subset of problems, a combination is hoped to be more flexible and able to make good predictions. Boosting is related to stacked generalisation, but uses the same algorithm multiple times, where the examples in the training data get different weights over each run. This yields different predictions, each focused on rightly predicting a subset of the data, and combining those predictions leads to better (but more expensive) results. Dynamic bias selection works by altering the inductive bias of a learning algorithm to match the given problem. This is done by altering key aspects of the learning algorithm, such as the hypothesis representation, heuristic formulae, or parameters. Many different approaches exist. Inductive transfer studies how the learning process can be improved over time. Metadata consists of knowledge about previous learning episodes and is used to efficiently develop an effective hypothesis for a new task. A related approach is called learning to learn, in which the goal is to use acquired knowledge from one domain to help learning in other domains. Other approaches using metadata to improve automatic learning are learning classifier systems, case-based reasoning and constraint satisfaction. Some initial, theoretical work has been initiated to use Applied Behavioral Analysis as a foundation for agent-mediated meta-learning about the performances of human learners, and adjust the instructional course of an artificial agent. AutoML such as Google Brain's "AI building AI" project, which according to Google briefly exceeded existing ImageNet benchmarks in 2017. ==References== External links Metalearning article in Scholarpedia Video courses about Meta-Learning with step-by-step explanation of MAML, Prototypical Networks, and Relation Networks. Machine learning
CLEFIA is a proprietary block cipher algorithm, developed by Sony. Its name is derived from the French word clef, meaning "key". The block size is 128 bits and the key size can be 128 bit, 192 bit or 256 bit. It is intended to be used in DRM systems. It is among the cryptographic techniques recommended candidate for Japanese government use by CRYPTREC revision in 2013. Standardization CLEFIA is included in the following standards. ISO/IEC 29192-2:2019, Information security - Lightweight cryptography - Part 2: Block ciphers References Further reading External links CLEFIA website 256bit Ciphers - CLEFIA Reference implementation and derived code Sony Introduces CLEFIA Implementation of 128-bit CLEFIA codec and hash function Block ciphers Digital rights management systems
The command is a Unix program used to copy files and set file permissions. Some implementations offer to invoke while installing executable files. The command is not defined in POSIX. It has mostly split into two camps in terms of compatibility, a GNU type and a BSD type. The main incompatibility lies in the definition of options and . The command is available as a separate package for Microsoft Windows as part of the UnxUtils collection of native Win32 ports of common GNU Unix-like utilities. References External links install in busybox and install in toybox (both GNU-like) Unix file system-related software Command-line software
The Torch Triple X (or XXX) was a UNIX workstation computer produced by the British company Torch Computers, and launched in 1985. It was based on the Motorola 68010 microprocessor and ran a version of UNIX System V. Hardware The Triple X was based on an 8 MHz 68010 CPU, with a Hitachi 6303 "service processor". The CPU was accompanied by a 68451 memory management unit and a 68450 DMA controller. Both VMEbus and a BBC Micro-compatible "1MHz bus" expansion buses were provided, as was a SCSI host adapter, and an optional Ethernet interface. Both RS-423 and X.25-compatible synchronous serial ports were provided. This latter feature made the Triple X attractive to the UK academic community, where X.25 networks were prevalent at the time. Standard RAM capacity was 1 MB, expandable to 7 MB via VME cards. A 720 kB, 5.25 in floppy disk drive and ST-506-compatible 20 MB hard disk were fitted as standard, interfaced to the SCSI bus via an OMTI adapter. Either a 10 or 13 inch colour monitor was supplied. Two graphics modes were available: 720 × 256 pixels in four colours, or 720 × 512 in two colours. The Triple X had a novel touch-sensitive "soft" power switch. When switching off, this commanded the operating system to shut down gracefully before powering down. Software The Triple X's firmware was called Caretaker. The native operating system was Uniplus+ UNIX System V Release 2. A graphical user interface called OpenTop was also included as standard. Quad X The Quad X was an enhanced version of the Triple X, with a 68020 processor and three VME expansion slots. This was produced only in small numbers before Torch became insolvent. References Bibliography Computer workstations 68k-based computers 32-bit computers Computers designed in the United Kingdom
This article compares several selected client-based genealogy programs. Web-based genealogy software is not included. General information General features Genealogy software products differ in the way they support data acquisition (e.g. drag and drop data entry for images, flexible data formats, free defined custom attributes for persons and connections between persons, rating of sources) and interaction (e.g. 3D-view, name filters, full text search and dynamic pan and zoom navigation), in reporting (e.g.: fan charts, automatic narratives, relationship between arbitrary people, place of birth on virtual globes, statistics about number of children per family), validation (e.g.: consistency checks, research assistants connected to online genealogy databases), exporting (e.g.: export as web page, book or wall chart) and integration (e.g.: synchronisation with tablet version). Some software might include also fun and entertainment features (e.g. quizzes or slideshows). Get acquainted with the terms of use and privacy policy of your app provider to understand what happens with your data. For example, the Family Tree Builder by MyHeritage claims a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual and non-exclusive license to host, copy, post and distribute your content. Genealogical features Besides exchange between systems (e.g. GEDCOM support for import and export), flexible data handling (e.g. custom attributes and multiple kinds of relations between people) is relevant. Languages Available user interface languages Notes References External links Genealogy
A Contributor License Agreement (CLA) defines the terms under which intellectual property has been contributed to a company/project, typically software under an open source license. Rationale CLAs can be used to enable vendors to easily pursue legal resolution in the case of copyright disputes, or to relicense products to which contributions have been received from third parties. CLAs are important especially for corporate open source projects under a copyleft license, since without a CLA the contribution would restrict the guardian as well. The purpose of a CLA is to ensure that the guardian of a project's outputs has the necessary ownership or grants of rights over all contributions to allow them to distribute under the chosen license, often by granting an irrevocable license to allow the project maintainer to use the contribution; if copyright is actually transferred, the agreement is more normally known as a Copyright Transfer Agreement. CLAs also have roles in raising awareness of IPR issues within a project. Relicensing controversy When a CLA requires a contributor to assign unrestricted republishing rights to the project, contributed code can be relicensed at the discretion of the project, even when the CLA does not assign copyright to the project. Prominent open source advocates regard CLAs as dangerous to open source rights. Examples In 2019 MongoDB used these rights granted by its CLA to achieve a move to a non-open-source license. In January 2021, the Elasticsearch project used such rights to move the project to a non-open-source license arguing Amazon had been "misleading and confusing the community". [...] Our license change is aimed at preventing companies from taking our Elasticsearch and Kibana products and providing them directly as a service without collaborating with us. Our license change comes after years of what we believe to be Amazon/AWS misleading and confusing the community - enough is enough. We’ve tried every avenue available including going through the courts, but with AWS’s ongoing behavior, we have decided to change our license so that we can focus on building products and innovating rather than litigating [...] Drew DeVault, a lead developer with a number of open source projects such as sway, regards this move as a loophole. Both these projects were licensed under a copyleft license, which uses copyright to protect contributions, yet the CLA negates the usefulness of copyright in achieving this protection: Elasticsearch belongs to its 1,573 contributors, who retain their copyright, and granted Elastic a license to distribute their work without restriction. This is the loophole which Elastic exploited when they decided that Elasticsearch would no longer be open source [...] CLAs which restrict relicensing Project Harmony Project Harmony was established by Canonical in 2010 to optionally avoid the problems discussed above. It provides a CLA template-builder. Based on choices made, the CLA will allow the contributor to keep copyright and assign rights to the project (as above) but with various restrictions on relicensing: using the template requires choosing one of the mutually-exclusive options, which range in restrictiveness. A real-world example is the Ubuntu project. The CLA leaves copyright with the contributor and allows the project to relicense the code but with a restriction based on the license the contribution was made under: 2.3 Outbound License Based on the grant of rights in Sections 2.1 and 2.2, if We include Your Contribution in a Material, We may license the Contribution under any license, including copyleft, permissive, commercial, or proprietary licenses. As a condition on the exercise of this right, We agree to also license the Contribution under the terms of the license or licenses which We are using for the Material on the Submission Date. Fedora The Fedora Project formerly required contributors to sign a CLA, either as an organization or as an individual. However, this was retired in 2011 and instead contributors must agree to the Fedora Project Contributor Agreement, which is not a license agreement and does not include assignment of copyright. Users Companies and projects that use CLAs include: .NET Foundation Apache Software Foundation Canonical Ltd Clojure Cloud Native Computing Foundation CyanogenMod Diaspora Digia/Qt Project Discourse Django Dojo Toolkit eBay Software Foundation, LLC Subsidiary of eBay Eclipse Elastic Facebook Go Google HashiCorp InfluxDB Joomla jQuery Kubernetes OpenBMC Python Meteor Microsoft MuseScore OpenMediaVault OpenStack Puppet Salesforce Sangoma TiddlyWiki TLDR Pages Zend Technologies for Zend Framework (1.x series only) KDE KDE uses Free Software Foundation Europe's Fiduciary Licence Agreement of which (FLA-1.2) states in section 3.3: However, it is optional and every contributor is allowed not to assign their copyright to KDE e.V. See also Developer Certificate of Origin Project Harmony (FOSS group) References External links Contributor Licence Agreements from OSS Watch ContributorAgreements.org CLA assistant — enables contributors to sign CLAs from within a pull request Canonical (company) Computer law Copyright law Intellectual property law Licensing
Up4Sale.com was an online auction website, which launched on July 1, 1997 and was based in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. Its co-founders included Rob Ratterman, Chris Downie, Tom Duvall, and Wally Carroll. It was the only pre-IPO acquisition made by eBay on July 16, 1998, and subsequently integrated into the company. Up4Sale.com shut down in 2000. References Further reading "Local team makes millions with Web site". The Cincinnati Enquirer. Retrieved August 10, 2010. "Online auction bought by eBay is going local". The Cincinnati Post. March 23, 1999. "four rode 'net to riches". The Cincinnati Post. March 18, 1999. "Top toys auctioned on Internet". The Cincinnati Post. December 13, 1997. "SparkPeople" "Founded by Chris Downie." "Chris Downie" Freebase "CanDo" website Defunct software companies of the United States EBay 1998 mergers and acquisitions EBay acquisitions
AICCU (Automatic IPv6 Connectivity Client Utility) was a popular cross-platform utility for automatically configuring an IPv6 tunnel. It is free software available under a BSD license. The utility was originally provided for the SixXS Tunnel Broker but it can also be used by a variety of other tunnel brokers. History and development AICCU was written and maintained by Jeroen Massar. Various patches from other persons have been incorporated, these persons are acknowledged in the field for their contributions. AICCU is the successor of the Windows-only and Linux/BSD-variety of the Heartbeat tool that was provided by SixXS, solely to use the Heartbeat protocol. When the AYIYA protocol came into existence it was decided that to support this new protocol it would be better to merge the Windows and Unix trees into one program and give it a better appearance. The name of the Heartbeat tool was then changed to reflect that it did more than providing mere support for the heartbeats. Award of excellence AICCU has won the Award of Excellence in the Implementation Category of the 2004 Edition of the IPv6 Application Contest. Supported protocols The following tunneling protocols are currently supported: 6in4 - Standard IPv6 in IPv4 tunnels using protocol 41 in the IPv4 protocol header. AYIYA - For IPv6 over IPv4 UDP in a secure manner and being able to work through a NAT. 6in4 Heartbeat - used for dynamic 6in4 tunnels AICCU primarily uses the TIC protocol to retrieve the configuration parameters of the tunnel automatically that the user wants to have configured. Support for other tunnel brokers AICCU finds available tunnel brokers by looking up the TXT DNS records from "_aiccu.sixxs.net". The latter allowed a local network to add their own tunnel broker(s) by adding records in the domains configured in their search path. Non-local tunnel brokers could then be added by requesting the SixXS staff to add an entry to the global DNS records. Supported platforms The following operating systems/platforms/distributions are supported by AICCU: AIX DragonFly BSD FreeBSD PC-BSD NetBSD OpenBSD Linux OS X Solaris (no AYIYA support) Windows Various distributions have an AICCU package included in their distribution. Usage The main usage of AICCU was in combination with the SixXS tunnel broker service. There are other ISPs who have implemented parts of the protocols that AICCU support, for instance the Czech ISP NetBox uses AICCU to configure tunnels automatically for their users by providing a TIC (Tunnel Information and Control protocol) implementation that ignores the username/password/tunnel_id but uses the source address where the TIC connection originates from to determine and return the tunnel configuration using the TIC protocol, which AICCU then uses to configure the tunnel. See also References External links SixXS Tunnel Broker IPv6 MacOS Internet software Unix Internet software Windows Internet software Solaris software BSD software Tunneling protocols Free software programmed in C
Zara Spook 9260 (1939–present) is a topwater type fishing lure. The lure is cast out and retrieved in a "walk the dog" fashion (side to side or zigzag motion). It is supposed to mimic an injured fish and comes in many different fashions but the most prominent is the minnow type. Any fish that takes its prey from the water's surface would be considered a targeted species with this lure. History The Zara Spook was first developed by the Heddon company as a wooden lure named the Zaragossa 6500 series lures. In 1939 The plastic version was introduced and following the naming of other plastic lures Heddon added spook to the name to classify it as a plastic lure. The Zara Spook 9260 Series lures contained different types of hardware throughout their production. Heddon two piece hardware were the first hardware on the 1939 catalogued Zara Spook. Later lures through the 1940s and 1950s had surface hardware. Later models contained bell hardware and moulded hangers through the 1970s. In the mid-1990s, a 4-inch long model with three hooks was introduced, and a smaller 2-inch model has also been developed for light tackle fishing. The Zara spook and spin off models are one of a few lures still marketed under the Heddon brand name by EBSCO. References Luckey, Carl F. Old Fishing Lures and Tackle 6th Edition,Iola WI 2002. (Pages 298-300) Fishing equipment
Daniel L. Murphy is an American computer scientist notable for his involvement in the development of TECO (an early text editor and programming language), the operating systems TENEX and TOPS-20, and email. Biography Murphy attended MIT from 1961 and graduated in 1965. In 1962, he created the text editor Text Editor and Corrector (TECO), later implemented on most of the PDP computers. He also developed a simple software demand paging system in software for the PDP-1 while at MIT. Murphy joined Bolt, Beranek and Newman BBN in 1965. There he used an SDS 940 computer running the Berkeley Timesharing System, which provided page memory management in hardware. When the PDP-10 was announced, he was one of the architects of the TENEX operating system developed for the custom paging hardware designed at BBN. As part of the development of TENEX, Murphy and Ray Tomlinson wrote the original email program. In October 1972, he joined Digital Equipment Corporation where he first worked as a contractor porting TENEX to the KI10 model of the PDP-10 family. On January 2, 1973, he joined DEC as an employee, heading the team responsible for the development of the TOPS-20 operating system, an evolution of TENEX for the newer models of the PDP-10 family. TOPS-20 was first marketed in 1976 on the DECSYSTEM-20. References Further reading Daniel G. Bobrow, Jerry D. Burchfiel, Daniel L. Murphy, Raymond S. Tomlinson, TENEX, A Paged Time Sharing System for the PDP-10 (Communications of the ACM, Vol. 15, pp. 135–143, March 1972) External links Daniel Murphy's Homepage TECO, TENEX, and TOPS-20 Papers and Pictures Living people American computer scientists Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni Kernel programmers Year of birth missing (living people)
The United Nations Operation in Burundi (ONUB) was established by United Nations Security Council in May 2004 to ensure the continuation of the Arusha Peace and Reconciliation Agreement signed on 28 August 2000. Furthermore, by the terms of Resolution 1545 which established the mission, it was authorized to use "all necessary means" to ensure the respect of ceasefire agreements, carry out disarmament and protect civilians under imminent threat of physical violence. Initially, ONUB consisted of 5,650 military personnel, 120 civilian police, and support personnel in the form of 200 military observers and 125 military staff officers. The mission ended 1 January 2007 when many of its functions were transferred to the United Nations Integrated Office in Burundi (BINUB). See also Burundi Burundi Civil War United Nations United Nations Security Council References External links Official Website of the Government of Burundi (in French) Official Website of ONUB Burundian Civil War Politics of Burundi Foreign relations of Burundi 1545 21st century in Burundi Pakistan military presence in other countries Burundi Burundi and the United Nations
Simplicial continuation, or piecewise linear continuation (Allgower and Georg), is a one-parameter continuation method which is well suited to small to medium embedding spaces. The algorithm has been generalized to compute higher-dimensional manifolds by (Allgower and Gnutzman) and (Allgower and Schmidt). The algorithm for drawing contours is a simplicial continuation algorithm, and since it is easy to visualize, it serves as a good introduction to the algorithm. Contour plotting The contour plotting problem is to find the zeros (contours) of ( a smooth scalar valued function) in the square , The square is divided into small triangles, usually by introducing points at the corners of a regular square mesh , , making a table of the values of at each corner , and then dividing each square into two triangles. The value of at the corners of the triangle defines a unique Piecewise Linear interpolant to over each triangle. One way of writing this interpolant on the triangle with corners is as the set of equations The first four equations can be solved for (this maps the original triangle to a right unit triangle), then the remaining equation gives the interpolated value of . Over the whole mesh of triangles, this piecewise linear interpolant is continuous. The contour of the interpolant on an individual triangle is a line segment (it is an interval on the intersection of two planes). The equation for the line can be found, however the points where the line crosses the edges of the triangle are the endpoints of the line segment. The contour of the linear interpolant over a triangle The contour of the piecewise linear interpolant is a set of curves made up of these line segments. Any point on the edge connecting and can be written as with in , and the linear interpolant over the edge is So setting and Since this only depends on values on the edge, every triangle which shares this edge will produce the same point, so the contour will be continuous. Each triangle can be tested independently, and if all are checked the entire set of contour curves can be found. Piecewise linear continuation Piecewise linear continuation is similar to contour plotting (Dobkin, Levy, Thurston and Wilks), but in higher dimensions. The algorithm is based on the following results: Lemma 1 An '(n-1)'-dimensional simplex has n vertices, and the function F assigns an 'n'-vector to each. The simplex is convex, and any point within the simplex is a convex combination of the vertices. That is: If x is in the interior of an (n-1)-dimensional simplex with n vertices , then there are positive scalars such that If the vertices of the simplex are linearly independent the non-negative scalars are unique for each point x, and are called the barycentric coordinates of x. They determine the value of the unique interpolant by the formula: Lemma 2 There are basically two tests. The one which was first used labels the vertices of the simplex with a vector of signs (+/-) of the coordinates of the vertex. For example the vertex (.5,-.2,1.) would be labelled (+,-,+). A simplex is called completely labelled if there is a vertex whose label begins with a string of "+" signs of length 0,1,2,3,4,...n. A completely labelled simplex contains a neighborhood of the origin. This may be surprising, but what underlies this result is that for each coordinate of a completely labelled simplex there is a vector with "+" and another with a "-". Put another way, the smallest cube with edges parallel to the coordinate axes and which covers the simplex has pairs of faces on opposite sides of 0. (i.e. a "+" and a "-" for each coordinate). The second approach is called vector labelling. It is based on the barycentric coordinates of the vertices of the simplex. The first step is to find the barycentric coordinates of the origin, and then the test that the simplex contains the origin is simply that all the barycentric coordinates are positive and the sum is less than 1. Lemma 3 References Numerical analysis
HTTP header fields are a list of strings sent and received by both the client program and server on every HTTP request and response. These headers are usually invisible to the end-user and are only processed or logged by the server and client applications. They define how information sent/received through the connection are encoded (as in Content-Encoding), the session verification and identification of the client (as in browser cookies, IP address, user-agent) or their anonymity thereof (VPN or proxy masking, user-agent spoofing), how the server should handle data (as in Do-Not-Track), the age (the time it has resided in a shared cache) of the document being downloaded, amongst others. General format In HTTP version 1.x, header fields are transmitted after the request line (in case of a request HTTP message) or the response line (in case of a response HTTP message), which is the first line of a message. Header fields are colon-separated key-value pairs in clear-text string format, terminated by a carriage return (CR) and line feed (LF) character sequence. The end of the header section is indicated by an empty field line, resulting in the transmission of two consecutive CR-LF pairs. In the past, long lines could be folded into multiple lines; continuation lines are indicated by the presence of a space (SP) or horizontal tab (HT) as the first character on the next line. This folding was deprecated in RFC 7230. HTTP/2 and HTTP/3 instead use a binary protocol, where headers are encoded in a single HEADERS and zero or more CONTINUATION frames using HPACK (HTTP/2) or QPACK (HTTP/3), which both provide efficient header compression. The request or response line from HTTP/1 has also been replaced by several pseudo-header fields, each beginning with a colon (:). Field names A core set of fields is standardized by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) in . The Field Names, Header Fields and Repository of Provisional Registrations are maintained by the IANA. Additional field names and permissible values may be defined by each application. Header field names are case-insensitive. This is in contrast to HTTP method names (GET, POST, etc.), which are case-sensitive. HTTP/2 makes some restrictions on specific header fields (see below). Non-standard header fields were conventionally marked by prefixing the field name with X- but this convention was deprecated in June 2012 because of the inconveniences it caused when non-standard fields became standard. An earlier restriction on use of Downgraded- was lifted in March 2013. Field values A few fields can contain comments (i.e. in User-Agent, Server, Via fields), which can be ignored by software. Many field values may contain a quality (q) key-value pair separated by equals sign, specifying a weight to use in content negotiation. For example, a browser may indicate that it accepts information in German or English, with German as preferred by setting the q value for de higher than that of en, as follows: Accept-Language: de; q=1.0, en; q=0.5 Size limits The standard imposes no limits to the size of each header field name or value, or to the number of fields. However, most servers, clients, and proxy software impose some limits for practical and security reasons. For example, the Apache 2.3 server by default limits the size of each field to 8,190 bytes, and there can be at most 100 header fields in a single request. Request fields Standard request fields Common non-standard request fields Response fields Standard response fields Common non-standard response fields Effects of selected fields Avoiding caching If a web server responds with Cache-Control: no-cache then a web browser or other caching system (intermediate proxies) must not use the response to satisfy subsequent requests without first checking with the originating server (this process is called validation). This header field is part of HTTP version 1.1, and is ignored by some caches and browsers. It may be simulated by setting the Expires HTTP version 1.0 header field value to a time earlier than the response time. Notice that no-cache is not instructing the browser or proxies about whether or not to cache the content. It just tells the browser and proxies to validate the cache content with the server before using it (this is done by using If-Modified-Since, If-Unmodified-Since, If-Match, If-None-Match attributes mentioned above). Sending a no-cache value thus instructs a browser or proxy to not use the cache contents merely based on "freshness criteria" of the cache content. Another common way to prevent old content from being shown to the user without validation is Cache-Control: max-age=0. This instructs the user agent that the content is stale and should be validated before use. The header field Cache-Control: no-store is intended to instruct a browser application to make a best effort not to write it to disk (i.e not to cache it). The request that a resource should not be cached is no guarantee that it will not be written to disk. In particular, the HTTP/1.1 definition draws a distinction between history stores and caches. If the user navigates back to a previous page a browser may still show you a page that has been stored on disk in the history store. This is correct behavior according to the specification. Many user agents show different behavior in loading pages from the history store or cache depending on whether the protocol is HTTP or HTTPS. The Cache-Control: no-cache HTTP/1.1 header field is also intended for use in requests made by the client. It is a means for the browser to tell the server and any intermediate caches that it wants a fresh version of the resource. The Pragma: no-cache header field, defined in the HTTP/1.0 spec, has the same purpose. It, however, is only defined for the request header. Its meaning in a response header is not specified. The behavior of Pragma: no-cache in a response is implementation specific. While some user agents do pay attention to this field in responses, the HTTP/1.1 RFC specifically warns against relying on this behavior. See also HTTP header injection HTTP ETag List of HTTP status codes References External links Headers: Permanent Message Header Field Names : IETF HTTP State Management Mechanism : HTTP Semantics : HTTP Caching : HTTP/1.1 : HTTP/2 : HTTP/3 : Forwarded HTTP Extension : Prefer Header for HTTP HTTP/1.1 headers from a web server point of view Internet Explorer and Custom HTTP Headers - EricLaw's IEInternals - Site Home - MSDN Blogs HTTP header fields
Seth Haberman is CEO of Sense Education, an artificial intelligence company that uses unsupervised machine learning technology, as well as bioinformatic algorithms, to identify how people solve open-ended problems. He was also the founder of VisibleWorld, a developer of viewer-customized television advertising. Prior to founding Sense Education and Visible World, Haberman was founder of Montage Group, where he invented and licensed seminal non-linear editing technologies to all of the leading manufacturers of non-linear editing systems (such as Avid and Final Cut Pro). Montage’s innovative work developing its "MServer" software earned an Academy Award for technological achievement in 1987, an Emmy Award in 1993 for "Enabling Technology for Non-Linear Editing Systems Using Digital Images and Sounds", shared with EMC among others. He has been Chair of the Video Gaming and Technology awards panel for the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, which awards the technology Emmy Awards. He earned a BA in physics and math in 1981 from Columbia College, Columbia University. References Living people Columbia College (New York) alumni 20th-century American Jews American synth-pop musicians 21st-century American Jews Year of birth missing (living people)
A pan-tilt-zoom camera (PTZ camera) is a robotic camera capable of panning horizontally (from left to right), tilting vertically (up and down), and zooming (for magnification). PTZ cameras are often positioned at guard posts where active employees may manage them using a remote camera controller. Their primary function is to monitor expansive open regions that need views in the range of 180 or 360 degrees. Depending on the camera or software being used, they may also be set up to automatically monitor motion-activated activities or adhere to a defined schedule. Functions A pan-tilt-zoom camera can be controlled remotely, via computer software, or manually by a person to recognize patterns and individuals. PTZ cameras may zoom in very close, pan widely in all directions, and tilt up and down utilizing servo motors to change the image viewable in the frame. The camera's focus triggers a corresponding motorized zoom-in on the subject of the camera's attention. In addition, the lens's versatility allows the camera to capture unique perspectives and details that would otherwise be missed. Use In television production, PTZ controls are used with professional video cameras in television studios, sporting events, and other spaces. They are commonly referred to as robes, an abbreviation of robotic cameras. These systems can be remotely controlled by automation systems. PTZ cameras are in high demand as a solution because of the diverse range of applications that they can support. Some examples of these applications are provided below. Live-streaming A PTZ camera is a crucial piece of equipment for live-streaming, as it gives the streaming material an extra dose of realism. PTZs are very versatile due to their small form factor. In addition to taking a panoramic view, the remote controllability of a PTZ camera is a major advantage. This allows for a multi-camera arrangement in which many PTZ cameras may be placed at various locations and used simultaneously. They also have greater zoom and video frame capabilities than a traditional DSLR or mirrorless camera. Churches PTZ cameras are deployed at churches, which tend to be massive buildings with elaborate designs. The compact, unobtrusive nature of PTZ cameras allows churches to keep their buildings' aesthetic value intact while still maintaining security. Instead of taking up valuable floor space with a camera operator stationed at each camera, PTZ cameras are strategically placed to record and broadcast events in high definition on projection screens and social media platforms. Broadcast The introduction of pan-tilt-zoom cameras has revolutionized television production facilities by allowing producers to consolidate their staff in one place. By using PTZ camera presets, smaller studios may record more camera perspectives with the same number of cameras. Operators in the video production room may control the cameras from afar and use the different teleprompters to provide instructions to the performer. Auto tracking PTZ cameras are useful in fields such as sports broadcasting and newsgathering because of their auto-tracking and zoom capabilities. It is significantly easier to cover sporting events and competitions. Movements from all directions may be followed using PTZ cameras. It's capable of recording both on-field and in-stadium activity. Video surveillance Modern surveillance systems cannot function without pan-tilt-zoom cameras. Because of their mobility, these cameras can always keep an eye on a certain region while also focusing on any questionable activity. Using PTZ cameras for video surveillance is helpful in a wide variety of settings, including but not limited to guard posts, courtrooms, supermarkets, airports, museums, stores, and restaurants. Video conferencing Video conferences may benefit from the use of PTZ cameras. The recent health crisis has increased the popularity of online events in particular. Remote attendees may tune in to events in real-time thanks to pan-tilt-zoom cameras that stream live video to displays at the venue. The main auditorium and the other training rooms are both suitable locations for the installation of PTZ cameras, which may be utilized during seminars and conferences. With this simple arrangement, the whole event may be seen. Types Outdoor PTZ cameras can withstand the elements better than their indoor counterparts. Waterproof housings with an IP certification imply that outdoor PTZ cameras can withstand the effects of water, such as rain and snow. Wireless PTZ Camera: For video security, wireless PTZ cameras are a common means to transfer data over long distances when installing cable would be costly or inconvenient. In confined areas, wireless PTZ cameras may even provide superior viewing angles to wired alternatives. IP PTZ Camera: Internet Protocol (IP) pan-tilt-zoom cameras are preferable to wired analog models for a number of reasons. PoE PTZ Camera: A PoE (power over Ethernet) PTZ camera may be powered and connected to the internet with a single Ethernet cable, eliminating the need for additional wiring. Analog PTZ Camera: Analog pan-tilt-zoom cameras are used to record surveillance footage, which is then stored in a DVR. DVR functionality is essential for converting, processing, and storing video data. Differences between PTZ and IP cameras Both cameras have the same purpose, but they operate in different ways to meet various needs in terms of safety. Installing: Positioning a PTZ camera takes time and attention. If you make a mistake installing PTZ cameras, they may not work, and reinstalling them will take a long time. Area/Movement: PTZ cameras can see more than IP cameras. IP cameras can't pan, tilt, and zoom like PTZ cameras. There are no blind spots with the PTZ camera. Resolution: PTZ cameras move and zoom on their own; hence, zooming may generate haze. We recommend IP cameras in this case. Shaking doesn't blur these fixed cameras' photos or recordings. Operation/Control: If you're not present, you can't utilize a PTZ camera. IP cameras give great control. You control the location and time. They may be linked to any internet connection and controlled through IP. Cost: PTZ cameras are more expensive than IP cameras. Due to their mobility, PTZ cameras are more prone to damage, requiring regular maintenance that adds to expenses. Mounting The installation of a pan-tilt-zoom camera is crucial. PTZ cameras may be mounted or set up in a variety of ways. The cameras installed on walls provide unique, eye-level perspectives. This setup is ideal for use on a veranda to survey large areas. It is possible to find PTZ cameras installed on the ceiling. Disadvantages Although pan-tilt-zoom cameras have numerous uses and advantages, they also have certain drawbacks. One drawback of PTZ cameras is the blind spots and coverage holes they might leave behind. Camera functions include panning, tilting, and zooming, but not all at once for comprehensive monitoring. The lengthy delay between a command being sent and the camera responding is a common complaint about PTZ cameras. The delay between making a change to the camera's field of vision and seeing that change reflected on the screen is known as "command latency." Another common criticism of PTZ cameras is that they are fragile. Problems are often encountered, according to some people. The costs of ignoring the abovementioned problems might add up over time. Cost PTZ cameras have more complex internal technology, allowing them to move and adapt while keeping most or all of the advanced capabilities of traditional security cameras. They function similarly to traditional security cameras, but the owner has significantly more mobility and autonomy thanks to advanced features. The cameras, which perform the same purpose as license plate readers, differ little mechanically from one another. So, the PTZ cameras need extra hardware to allow for panning, tilting, and zooming to serve this purpose. See also Eye in the sky (camera), a pan-tilt-zoom camera encased in a globe that obscures where it is pointing IP camera List of camera types References Cameras Film and video terminology Security engineering Video
RusNet is the largest IRC network in Russia, Ukraine, and most of the ex-USSR, founded in 1997 through merge of the leading local IRC networks SibNet, VolgaNet, OdNet, and LvNet. In 2008, RusNet became the 10th most popular IRC Network in the world, with 10233 average users (max 16883) and 8141 channels running on 43 servers. Particularly, it owes its popularity to several citywide Russian LANs that provide their users with the free access to RusNet IRC. All servers connected to RusNet support all main Cyrillic encoding schemes, allowing users with different operating systems to communicate freely. The choice of the character encoding is defined by the TCP port used to connect to the network but may be changed later on-the-fly. Currently all network servers support SSL connection. There are experimental servers that support UTF-8 encoding. RusNet provides all modern IRC services, such as channel registration, username registration, etc. Founders Adel Abushaev (rawSocket) Alexandr Dubovikov (baron) Evgeniy Lineytsev (dARK) References External links Rusnet official website Internet Relay Chat networks Internet in Russia
The Mil V-16 was a Soviet heavy cargo/transport helicopter project of the late 1960s. The Mil V-16 was designed by Mil Design Bureau, a Moscow helicopter plant. The original scheme described a heavy side-by-side twin-rotor aircraft with two Soloviev D-25VF gas turbine engines below six-bladed rotors at the tips of heavily supported wings on each side of the fuselage and tricycle-type landing gear, with both rear landing wheels mounted below the wings while the front wheel was located below the cockpit, as well as located directly under the wings. Designed to be capable of transporting large numbers of combat units, the V-16 was also intended as a Soviet military vehicle transportation aircraft. This aircraft was one of the first for the USSR to begin using operational based algorithms within its controlling systems. Variants V-16 Proposed ultra-heavy version of the Mil V-12, intended to lift . Originally envisaged in a three rotor layout, powered by six Soloviev D-25VF engines, but reverted to a two-rotor system similar to the V-12 powered by two large gas generators supplying a single large low pressure free-turbine driving a main gearbox each. Mi-16 The proposed VVS designation for the production V-16. Specifications (V-16) General characteristics (planned): Length: 37 m (121 ft 5 in) Wingspan: 67 m (219 ft 10 in) across rotors Height: 12.5 m (41 ft) Empty Weight: 69,100 kg Gross Weight: 97,000 kg Max Takeoff Weight: 105,000 kg Freight compartment: References Bibliography 1960s Soviet military transport aircraft Mil aircraft 1960s Soviet helicopters Abandoned military aircraft projects of the Soviet Union Twin-turbine helicopters Military transport helicopters
Ablex Publishing Corporation is a privately held publisher of books and academic journals in New York City, New York, USA. It was previously located in Norwood, New Jersey, and also at one time in Westport and Stamford, Connecticut. Ablex publishes edited volumes, monographs, research journals, and textbooks, focused on communication, education, library science, psychology, and technology. In 1997, Ablex became an affiliate company of JAI Press, a subsidiary of Elsevier Science, the world's largest publisher of medical and scientific literature. Partial list of titles and imprints Ablex Communication, Culture & Information Series Ablex series in computational science Ablex series in software engineering Ablex series in artificial intelligence, Jerry Hobbs, editor Ablex Theoretical Issues in Cognitive Science Advances in Human-Computer Interaction Cognitive development Cognitive science: journal of the Cognitive Science Society Early Childhood Research Quarterly International Journal of Bilingualism Linguistics and education: an international research journal National Women's Studies Association Journal New directions in computers and composition studies The David C. Anchin series in social and policy issues in education References External links Library and information science research titles of Ablex International distributors Mexico: Books Suppliers, S.A. de C.V. Magazine publishing companies of the United States Book publishing companies based in New York (state)
Java view technologies and frameworks are web-based software libraries that provide the user interface, or "view-layer", of Java web applications. Such application frameworks are used for defining web pages and handling the HTTP requests (clicks) generated by those web pages. As a sub-category of web frameworks, view-layer frameworks often overlap to varying degrees with web frameworks that provide other functionality for Java web applications. Java view-layer frameworks often claim to support some or all of the model–view–controller design pattern. At a glance Jakarta Faces (JSF), Apache Tapestry and Apache Wicket are competing component-based technologies, abstracting the stateless HTTP request-response cycle and the Jakarta Servlet API behind an object-oriented, event-driven component model. In contrast, Struts and the Spring MVC Framework are action-oriented frameworks that provide a thinner abstraction layer over the servlet API. Apache Tiles is a templating framework designed to work with Struts. Facelets is a view definition and templating technology designed to work with JSF. SiteMesh can be used with any Jakarta Pages (JSP). Facelets, Tapestry and Wicket have their own templating approaches based on HTML/XHTML. Apache Click uses HTML based Apache Velocity templates and plain old Java objects (POJOs), with JSP optional. Servlet API The Servlet API is the foundation of almost all Java Web View technologies. Servlet provides the basic mechanism for writing Java classes for web applications. Servlets can respond to HTTP requests, create cookies and maintain sessions. Jakarta Pages (JSP) Built on top of the Servlet API, JSP provides a document-centric, tag-based templates, server programming model which can generate many forms of textual content. Java code may be embedded in JSP files and is compiled and executed when a request is received. Apache Struts Struts provides for a decoupling of the Controller and the View. Requests are received by a Java Class (Controller) which can decide which View to display. The actual View can be written in different view technologies, like JSP, free marker template, velocity template etc. An XML configuration file is used to specify the "Page Navigation", i.e. the flow of the request to the appropriate Controller, and which View to display based on the outcome of the Controller. Competitor: Spring MVC, Grails Apache Tapestry A component-based view framework. Classes are written as POJOs and byte-code transformed at runtime Configured with annotations and naming conventions rather than XML Compared to JSPs, enforces a clear separation of HTML markup and Java code. HTML templates can be directly previewed by web designers Changed component classes are live-reloaded into running application for faster development. Uses the Post/Redirect/Get navigation pattern for form submission. Competitor: Wicket, JSF Apache Tiles This is an HTML templating framework based on the composite pattern. It allows for the HTML page to be broken up into multiple "pagelets", called Templates, Definitions and Composing pages. At runtime the pagelets are stitched together to generate the final HTML. Pages are written in JSP. Competitor: SiteMesh Apache Wicket A component-based view framework. Pages directly interact with stateful Java components on the server. Components and their state are managed by the Wicket framework, freeing the application developer from having to use HttpSession directly to manage state. Does not require XML for configuration. Compared to JSPs, enforces a clear separation of HTML markup and Java code. Web page components are 'pushed' into the HTML markup from the code. Competitor: Tapestry, JSF Jakarta Faces (JSF) and Facelets A specification for component-based view frameworks. Eclipse Mojarra and Apache MyFaces implementations are available Typically uses Facelets for XML/XHTML-based templating. Classes are written as POJOs, with Annotations or XML configuration files used to associate them with page and component templates. The Unified Expression Language allows binding component fields and events to POJO bean properties and methods. Conversion and validation constraints can be specified in Facelets and are automatically applied, normally resulting in reposting of the same page with error information in case of failure. Navigation can be via configuration file rules or directly specified in the page. Can transparently support Ajax. Competitor: Wicket, Tapestry SiteMesh SiteMesh is an HTML templating framework based on the "Decoration" model. It allows for the creation of a 'decoration' template which is then applied to any other HTML to generate a new HTML. The newly generated HTML contains elements from the original HTML blended into the template. This allows for the original HTML to be very simple and devoid of any formatting or layout specification. The template, in turn, is devoid of any actual information. Blending the two allows for a consistent look and feel for all web pages. Competitor: Tiles Spark Spark a micro web framework built around a simple routing system It runs on an embedded Jetty web server by default, but can be configured to run on other webservers. It supports three different templates engines: Velocity, FreeMarker and Mustache It aims to facilitate rapid development, and does not make use of annotations or proprietary solutions. See also List of web service frameworks List of Java frameworks Java (programming language) Java APIs
metaSAN is cross-platform Storage Area Network (SAN) management software developed and sold by Tiger Technology. The product ceased to be developed by the company from 2014, however it will be supported until the end of 2016. Technology metaSAN enables one to share one (or more) physical or virtual disk devices with multiple hosts using Fibre Channel, iSCSI, Ethernet, or InfiniBand interconnect. Every computer participating in the SAN could read and write to the same storage volume (and folder) at the same time. metaSAN is not a file system but is a distributed lock manager for existing NTFS or HFS+ file systems. It was hardware agnostic and worked with off-the-shelf storage and networking components. It offered per-node bandwidth control, which aimed to enable fair distribution of the available storage bandwidth. In a cross-platform setup, metaSAN provided the file-system translation services that allowed Mac, Windows and Linux workstations to transparently access non-native volumes. To arbitrate accesses to the shared storage device(s), one computer was elected master of the SAN. This computer became the metadata controller (MDC). Other computers were clients of the SAN. They communicated and sent metadata requests to the MDC over LAN. Once request had been acknowledged, clients could access the storage device directly. In a metaSAN setup, any member of the SAN could act as MDC. By default, the first computer to boot became the MDC but it was possible to define priorities or assign a dedicated computer for this task. metaSAN has been superseded by Tiger Store http://www.tiger-technology.com/products/tiger-series/tiger-store/ References External links Tiger Technology Legacy Products Tiger Store Shared disk file systems 2013 software
BLAG Linux and GNU is a discontinued Linux distribution that was made by the Brixton Linux Action Group. BLAG was a single-CD distro with a range of default desktop applications, including multimedia, graphics, desktop internet applications and more. BLAG also included a collection of server packages. BLAG was based on Fedora plus updates, adds apps from Dag, Dries, Freshrpms, NewRPMS, and includes custom packages. BLAG was one of the few operating systems listed as a completely free software distribution by the Free Software Foundation. History The first public release of BLAG was 22 October 2002. The latest stable release, BLAG 140k, was based on Fedora 14, and was released on 4 May 2011. In October 2014 Blag 200000 was released in alpha form. Planning for BLAG 240000 commenced in January 2016 but it was never released. The script used in BLAG for cleaning the kernel from non-free blobs shipped in it by default was used as a base for the Linux-libre set of scripts. See also Comparison of Linux distributions References External links Free software only Linux distributions RPM-based Linux distributions Linux distributions Discontinued Linux distributions
Arctic Tale is a video game for the Nintendo DS, Game Boy Advance and Wii. The game is about trying to survive as a polar bear (adult or young), a walrus, a killer whale, or an Arctic fox. It is loosely based on the National Geographic documentary about Arctic wildlife also called Arctic Tale. The game was released on December 3, 2007 in the USA. Reception Arctic Tale received mixed reviews for the Wii, but received negative reviews for Nintendo DS and GBA. References External links Puissance-Nintendo 2007 video games Educational video games Game Boy Advance games National Geographic Society Nintendo DS games Polar bears in popular culture Video games based on films Wii games Video games set in the Arctic Destination Software games Video games scored by Allister Brimble Video games about bears Video games about foxes Video games developed in the United Kingdom Video games set underwater Atomic Planet Entertainment games
Jan Jones may refer to: Jan Jones (novelist) (born 1955), software engineer and novelist Jan Jones (Georgia politician) (born 1958), state representative in the U.S. state of Georgia Jan Laverty Jones (born 1949), mayor of Las Vegas 1991–1999 See also Janet Jones (disambiguation)
Daxcon Engineering, Inc., is a company headquartered in Bartonville, Illinois, that provides engineering and manufacturing consultation to the Defense & Aerospace, Mining & Construction, Automotive, Consumer Products, and Agriculture industries. On 15 January 2010, it was acquired by Infotech Enterprises America Inc., which is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Cyient, a firm in India. History Daxcon was founded in 1996 in Central Illinois. Its management team first started working in the engineering design industry in the 1980s. The company subsequently opened offices in St. Louis, Missouri and Detroit, Michigan. The company's customers include Caterpillar, Inc., Ford Motor Company, Komatsu, Boeing, and Case New Holland. On January 15, 2010, Daxcon Engineering was acquired by Infotech Enterprises of Hyderabad, India. Services Daxcon provides services in several different divisions: Design Engineering, Finite Element Analysis, Training & Software, and Virtual Engineering. Design engineering Design engineering projects that Daxcon has worked on in the past include: Class A surfacing on interior/exterior components, engine and engine installation packaging, internal combustion engine performance, structural component design, intake and exhaust manifold design, HVAC design and packaging, and cooling package layout and design for generator and vehicle operations. Finite element analysis Finite element analysis involves studying a customer’s product for any weakness that may be present in the material. Daxcon uses the following formats for analysis: Failure Mode Effects Analysis (FMEA), linear and non-linear statistics, normal mode dynamics, thermally induced stress, load path characterization, weld fatigue life, mechanism simulations and animation, bolted joint study, and hand calculations. Training and software With the use of a Learning Management System (LMS), Daxcon uses consulting agents to produce custom training software for engineers, include software customised for specific projects. Virtual engineering Daxcon utilizes 3D modeling, converting 2D drawings into 3D parametric drawings, run complex 3D modeling simulations, and use many forms of Computer Aided Design (CAD). The company also trains customer companies to create their own 3D modeling and 2D or 3D prints. Industries Daxcon has worked in industries including Defense & Aerospace, Mining & Construction, Automotive, Consumer Products, and Agriculture. The company also works with OEMs to provide the automotive industry with support when dealing with large supply chains. Daxcon engineers also work as consultants for companies in the development automobile components. Consumer products Daxcon works with small companies to bring their new products to market, using FMEAs, or prototype analysis to assist in the search for patents for the new product. The company assesses the marketability of new products to save small companies time and production costs. The company also provides design work and assistance to individuals and/or small companies needing the manpower to develop an idea or design. See also Ford Motor Company Boeing Komatsu Limited Caterpillar, Inc. Case New Holland Infotech Enterprises References External links NOFORN 1996 establishments in Illinois 2010 disestablishments in Illinois 2010 mergers and acquisitions Companies based in Peoria County, Illinois Consulting firms of the United States Defunct technology companies of the United States Technology companies established in 1996 Technology companies disestablished in 2010
In the Apple macOS operating system, .DS_Store is a file that stores custom attributes of its containing folder, such as folder view options, icon positions, and other visual information. The name is an abbreviation of Desktop Services Store, reflecting its purpose. It is created and maintained by the Finder application in every folder, and has functions similar to the file desktop.ini in Microsoft Windows. Starting with a period character, it is hidden in Finder and many Unix utilities. Its internal structure is proprietary, but has been reverse-engineered. Starting at macOS 10.12 16A238m, Finder will not display files (even with set). Purpose and location The file .DS_Store is created in any directory (folder) accessed by the Finder application, even on remote file systems mounted from servers that share files (for example, via Server Message Block (SMB) protocol or the Apple Filing Protocol (AFP)). Remote file systems, however, could be excluded by operating system settings (such as permissions). Although primarily used by the Finder, these files were envisioned as a more general-purpose store of metadata about the display options of folders, such as icon positions and view settings. For example, on Mac OS X 10.4 "Tiger" and later, the ".DS_Store" files contain the Spotlight comments of the folder's files. These comments are also stored in the extended file attributes, but Finder does not read those. In earlier Apple operating systems, Finder applications created similar files, but at the root of the volume being accessed, including on foreign file systems, collecting all settings for all files on the volume (instead of having separate files for each respective folder). Problems User complaints prompted Apple to publish means to disable the creation of these files on remotely mounted network file systems. Since macOS High Sierra (10.13), Apple delays the metadata gathering for .DS_Store for folders sorted alphanumerically to improve browsing speed. However, these instructions do not apply to local drives, including USB flash drives, although there are some workarounds. Before Mac OS X 10.5, .DS_Store files were visible on remote filesystems. .DS_Store files may impose additional burdens on a revision control process, since they are frequently changed and can therefore appear in commits, unless specifically excluded. .DS_Store files are included in archives, such as ZIP, created by OS X users, along with other hidden files and directories like the AppleDouble . .DS_Store files have been known to adversely affect copy operations. If multiple files are selected for file transfer, the copy operation will retroactively cancel all progress upon reaching a (duplicate) .DS_Store file, forcing the user to restart the copy operation from the beginning. Some Google Drive users on macOS reported that .DS_Store files were being flagged for copyright violations. Google stated that they had addressed an issue that "impacted a small number of Drive files" to try to prevent this issue from occurring. See also Windows thumbnail cache Desktop.ini AppleSingle and AppleDouble formats References External links Binary format specification from Kaitai A reverse-engineered description of the file format from Mozilla (Mark Mentovai) A more detailed description of the file format (Perl documentation by Mark Mentovai and Wim Lewis) Perl code to decode the .DS_Store format A blog post walking through parsing the .DS_Store file format DS Store MacOS Articles with underscores in the title
The Spacecraft Fabrication Facility is a unit at the Goddard Space Flight Center where technicians and engineers manufacture components used for spacecraft assembly. This includes the tools which the astronauts use in space as well as the spacecraft themselves. Branches The Mission Engineering and Systems Analysis Branch is broken up into seven smaller branches: GN&C Systems Engineering Branch Systems Engineering Services and Advanced Concepts Branch Flight Dynamics Analysis Branch Component Hardware Systems Branch Propulsion Branch - The Propulsion branch is responsible for the spacecraft propulsion subsystems design, fabrication, analysis, integration, testing, propellant loading, and launch. LRO is one of the current missions. GN&C Mission Systems Engineering Branch Mission Systems Engineering Branch External links NASA: Goddard's Organizations and Projects NASA groups, organizations, and centers
The Mind of the Maker (1941) is a Christian theological book, written by Dorothy L. Sayers (who was better known for her crime and mystery novels and other fiction, particularly for the character Lord Peter Wimsey). By her description, it uses the experiences Sayers had of literary creativity to illuminate Christian doctrine about the nature of the Trinity. The work has a Latin dedication to Saint Athanasius and to British Christian leaders. Literary significance and criticism Regarded in the Christian world as something of a classic, it is often quoted.In The Mind of the Maker, one of her most profound works, Sayers contends that the creative process in art works in ways that correspond to the dynamic relation among the three Persons of the Trinity in Christian theology—and that the activity of one illuminates the activity of the other. Sayers' work finds readers beyond the religious world, as evidenced by reference to it in the software management book The Mythical Man-Month.Dorothy Sayers, in her excellent book, The Mind of the Maker, divides creative activity into three stages: the idea, the implementation, and the interaction. A book, then, or a computer, or a program comes into existence first as an ideal construct, built outside time and space, but complete in the mind of the author. It is realized in time and space, by pen, ink, and paper, or by wire, silicon, and ferrite. The creation is complete when someone reads the book, uses the computer, or runs the program, thereby interacting with the mind of the maker. This description, which... Sayers uses to illuminate not only human creative activity but also the Christian doctrine of the Trinity, will help us in our present task. Footnotes References External links Online text of the book 1941 books Books by Dorothy L. Sayers Religious studies books Methuen Publishing books
Play65 is an online backgammon operator established in 2004 by an Israeli-based company, SkillEmpire, that hosts real-time backgammon games and tournaments. With its client software available in 21 languages, including English, Arabic, Chinese, Danish, Dutch, etc. Play65 has more than 5,000,000 registered players, making it one of the biggest backgammon communities online. Play65 is licensed by the Alderney Gambling Control Commission (AGCC). This site ceased operation in September 2012. Background Play65 allows two types of backgammon play: play money, where players are using virtual credit that is of no real value; and real money, where actual deposits are required and real money is at stake with each game or match. There are many ways to deposit for real money play, including by credit card, PayPal, and Moneybookers. As with other similar online gaming services, Play65 uses a pseudorandom number generator for producing dice rolls. The company provides documentation to indicate that the algorithm produces adequately random results. Software Play65's backgammon client is freeware. Users can play real-time online backgammon games against thousands of players from around the world. Since November 2006, Mac, Linux, and PDA users can use Play65's Java version of its backgammon client. Controversy In December 2006, Play65 received a court order from the Israeli Attorney General calling to close all its real money activity to Israeli users, claiming it is seen as a sort of illegal gambling. In May 2007, the Attorney General withdrew its demand and allowed SkillEmpire to open Play65 for Israeli users. The Attorney General decision said: "According to the law, a backgammon web site is still seen as a gambling site, which is illegal. However, there are special concerns specific to Play65: The company is not taking part in the gambling activity; third parties cannot bet on game outcomes; winning amounts are limited; and the company tries to avoid participation of minors in the games. Thus, we can say that Play65 is not a standard gambling web site, and as such we allow its activities." VIP Club In August 2010, Play65 has launched a VIP Club, the first one in the online backgammon market. Similar to the comps system commonly used in casinos (online and land-based), the players accumulate points while playing backgammon games for money and are required to reach a certain number of points to reach one of the three VIP statuses (Bronze, Silver, and Gold). The points can be exchanged for cash or goods from the exclusive gift shop, or for tournaments buy-ins. See also First Internet Backgammon Server Notes External links Backgammon Online gambling companies of Israel Multiplayer online games Video games developed in Israel Video games based on board games Software companies of Israel
TCV or T.C.V. may refer to: TCV (album), an album of The Click Five, an American power pop band TCV (investment firm) (Technology Crossover Ventures), an American venture capital firm based in Menlo Park, California Temperature control valve Terminus Centre-Ville, a public transit hub in Montreal, Quebec, Canada The Conservation Volunteers, a British environmental charity Them Crooked Vultures, a supergroup Tibetan Children's Villages, an Indian charity for the care and education of children from Tibet Timecode Vinyl, as used with vinyl emulation software Today's Chinese Version, a translation of the Bible Tokamak à configuration variable, a research nuclear fusion reactor in Lausanne, Switzerland Total Contract Value, a measurement used in project management Turnip crinkle virus, a species of virus
MedCalc is a statistical software package designed for the biomedical sciences. It has an integrated spreadsheet for data input and can import files in several formats (Excel, SPSS, CSV, ...). MedCalc includes basic parametric and non-parametric statistical procedures and graphs such as descriptive statistics, ANOVA, Mann–Whitney test, Wilcoxon test, χ2 test, correlation, linear as well as non-linear regression, logistic regression, and multivariate statistics. Survival analysis includes Cox regression (Proportional hazards model) and Kaplan–Meier survival analysis. Procedures for method evaluation and method comparison include ROC curve analysis, Bland–Altman plot, as well as Deming and Passing–Bablok regression. The software also includes reference interval estimation, meta-analysis and sample size calculations. The first DOS version of MedCalc was released in April 1993 and the first version for Windows was available in November 1996. Version 15.2 introduced a user-interface in English, Chinese (simplified and traditional), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese (Brazilian), Russian and Spanish. Reviews Stephan C, Wesseling S, Schink T, Jung K. “Comparison of eight computer programs for receiver-operating characteristic analysis.” Clinical Chemistry 2003;49:433-439. Lukic IK. “MedCalc Version 7.0.0.2. Software Review.” Croatian Medical Journal 2003;44:120-121. Garber C. “MedCalc Software for Statistics in Medicine. Software review.” Clinical Chemistry, 1998;44:1370. Petrovecki M. “MedCalc for Windows. Software Review.” Croatian Medical Journal, 1997;38:178. See also List of statistical packages Comparison of statistical packages References External links MedCalc Statistical Software Homepage Statistical software Windows-only proprietary software Biostatistics
The following is a list of notable software for running a BitTorrent tracker. References BitTorrent BitTorrent tracker software File sharing software
A memory-mapped file is a segment of virtual memory that has been assigned a direct byte-for-byte correlation with some portion of a file or file-like resource. This resource is typically a file that is physically present on disk, but can also be a device, shared memory object, or other resource that the operating system can reference through a file descriptor. Once present, this correlation between the file and the memory space permits applications to treat the mapped portion as if it were primary memory. History TOPS-20 PMAP An early () implementation of this was the PMAP system call on the DEC-20's TOPS-20 operating system, a feature used by Software House's System-1022 database system. SunOS 4 mmap SunOS 4 introduced Unix's mmap, which permitted programs "to map files into memory." Windows Growable Memory-Mapped Files (GMMF) Two decades after the release of TOPS-20's PMAP, Windows NT was given Growable Memory-Mapped Files (GMMF). Since " function requires a size to be passed to it" and altering a file's size is not readily accommodated, a GMMF API was developed. Use of GMMF requires declaring the maximum to which the file size can grow, but no unused space is wasted. Benefits The benefit of memory mapping a file is increasing I/O performance, especially when used on large files. For small files, memory-mapped files can result in a waste of slack space as memory maps are always aligned to the page size, which is mostly 4 KiB. Therefore, a 5 KiB file will allocate 8 KiB and thus 3 KiB are wasted. Accessing memory mapped files is faster than using direct read and write operations for two reasons. Firstly, a system call is orders of magnitude slower than a simple change to a program's local memory. Secondly, in most operating systems the memory region mapped actually is the kernel's page cache (file cache), meaning that no copies need to be created in user space. Certain application-level memory-mapped file operations also perform better than their physical file counterparts. Applications can access and update data in the file directly and in-place, as opposed to seeking from the start of the file or rewriting the entire edited contents to a temporary location. Since the memory-mapped file is handled internally in pages, linear file access (as seen, for example, in flat file data storage or configuration files) requires disk access only when a new page boundary is crossed, and can write larger sections of the file to disk in a single operation. A possible benefit of memory-mapped files is a "lazy loading", thus using small amounts of RAM even for a very large file. Trying to load the entire contents of a file that is significantly larger than the amount of memory available can cause severe thrashing as the operating system reads from disk into memory and simultaneously writes pages from memory back to disk. Memory-mapping may not only bypass the page file completely, but also allow smaller page-sized sections to be loaded as data is being edited, similarly to demand paging used for programs. The memory mapping process is handled by the virtual memory manager, which is the same subsystem responsible for dealing with the page file. Memory mapped files are loaded into memory one entire page at a time. The page size is selected by the operating system for maximum performance. Since page file management is one of the most critical elements of a virtual memory system, loading page sized sections of a file into physical memory is typically a very highly optimized system function. Types There are two types of memory-mapped files: Persisted Persisted files are associated with a source file on a disk. The data is saved to the source file on the disk once the last process is finished. These memory-mapped files are suitable for working with extremely large source files. Non-persisted Non-persisted files are not associated with a file on a disk. When the last process has finished working with the file, the data is lost. These files are suitable for creating shared memory for inter-process communications (IPC). Drawbacks The major reason to choose memory mapped file I/O is performance. Nevertheless, there can be tradeoffs. The standard I/O approach is costly due to system call overhead and memory copying. The memory-mapped approach has its cost in minor page faults—when a block of data is loaded in page cache, but is not yet mapped into the process's virtual memory space. In some circumstances, memory mapped file I/O can be substantially slower than standard file I/O. Another drawback of memory-mapped files relates to a given architecture's address space: a file larger than the addressable space can have only portions mapped at a time, complicating reading it. For example, a 32-bit architecture such as Intel's IA-32 can only directly address 4 GiB or smaller portions of files. An even smaller amount of addressable space is available to individual programs—typically in the range of 2 to 3 GiB, depending on the operating system kernel. This drawback however is virtually eliminated on modern 64-bit architecture. mmap also tends to be less scalable than standard means of file I/O, since many operating systems, including Linux, have a cap on the number of cores handling page faults. Extremely fast devices, such as modern NVM Express SSDs, are capable of making the overhead a real concern. I/O errors on the underlying file (e.g. its removable drive is unplugged or optical media is ejected, disk full when writing, etc.) while accessing its mapped memory are reported to the application as the SIGSEGV/SIGBUS signals on POSIX, and the EXECUTE_IN_PAGE_ERROR structured exception on Windows. All code accessing mapped memory must be prepared to handle these errors, which don't normally occur when accessing memory. Only hardware architectures with an MMU can support memory-mapped files. On architectures without an MMU, the operating system can copy the entire file into memory when the request to map it is made, but this is extremely wasteful and slow if only a little bit of the file will be accessed, and can only work for files that will fit in available memory. Common uses Perhaps the most common use for a memory-mapped file is the process loader in most modern operating systems (including Microsoft Windows and Unix-like systems.) When a process is started, the operating system uses a memory mapped file to bring the executable file, along with any loadable modules, into memory for execution. Most memory-mapping systems use a technique called demand paging, where the file is loaded into physical memory in subsets (one page each), and only when that page is actually referenced. In the specific case of executable files, this permits the OS to selectively load only those portions of a process image that actually need to execute. Another common use for memory-mapped files is to share memory between multiple processes. In modern protected mode operating systems, processes are generally not permitted to access memory space that is allocated for use by another process. (A program's attempt to do so causes invalid page faults or segmentation violations.) There are a number of techniques available to safely share memory, and memory-mapped file I/O is one of the most popular. Two or more applications can simultaneously map a single physical file into memory and access this memory. For example, the Microsoft Windows operating system provides a mechanism for applications to memory-map a shared segment of the system's page file itself and share data via this section. Platform support Most modern operating systems or runtime environments support some form of memory-mapped file access. The function , which creates a mapping of a file given a file descriptor, starting location in the file, and a length, is part of the POSIX specification, so the wide variety of POSIX-compliant systems, such as UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X or OpenVMS, support a common mechanism for memory mapping files. The Microsoft Windows operating systems also support a group of API functions for this purpose, such as . Some free portable implementations of memory-mapped files for Microsoft Windows and POSIX-compliant platforms are: Boost.Interprocess, in Boost C++ Libraries Boost.Iostreams, also in Boost C++ Libraries Fmstream Cpp-mmf The Java programming language provides classes and methods to access memory mapped files, such as . The D programming language supports memory mapped files in its standard library (std.mmfile module). Ruby has a gem (library) called Mmap, which implements memory-mapped file objects. Since version 1.6, Python has included a module in its Standard Library. Details of the module vary according to whether the host platform is Windows or Unix-like. For Perl there are several modules available for memory mapping files on the CPAN, such as and . In the Microsoft .NET runtime, P/Invoke can be used to use memory mapped files directly through the Windows API. Managed access (P/Invoke not necessary) to memory mapped files was introduced in version 4 of the runtime (see Memory-Mapped Files). For previous versions, there are third-party libraries which provide managed API's. PHP supported memory-mapping techniques in a number of native file access functions such as file_get_contents() but has removed this in 5.3 (see revision log). For the R programming language there exists a library on CRAN called bigmemory which uses the Boost library and provides memory-mapped backed arrays directly in R. The package ff offers memory-mapped vectors, matrices, arrays and data frames. The J programming language has supported memory mapped files since at least 2005. It includes support for boxed array data, and single datatype files. Support can be loaded from 'data/jmf' J's Jdb and JD database engines use memory mapped files for column stores. The Julia (programming language) has support for I/O of memory mapped binary files through the Mmap module within the Standard Library. References Virtual memory
Apache CXF is an open source software project developing a Web services framework. It originated as the combination of Celtix developed by IONA Technologies and XFire developed by a team hosted at Codehaus in 2006. These two projects were combined at the Apache Software Foundation. The name "CXF" was derived by combining "Celtix" and "XFire". Description CXF is often used with Apache ServiceMix, Apache Camel and Apache ActiveMQ in service-oriented architecture (SOA) infrastructure projects. Apache CXF supports the Java programming interfaces JAX-WS, JAX-RS, JBI, JCA, JMX, JMS over SOAP, Spring, and the XML data binding frameworks JAXB, Aegis, Apache XMLBeans, SDO. CXF includes the following: Web Services Standards Support: SOAP WS-Addressing WS-Policy WS-ReliableMessaging WS-SecureConversation WS-Security WS-SecurityPolicy JAX-WS API for Web service development Java-first support WSDL-first tooling JAX-RS (JSR 339 2.0) API for RESTful Web service development JavaScript programming model for service and client development Maven tooling CORBA support HTTP, JMS and WebSocket transport layers Embeddable Deployment: ServiceMix or other JBI containers Geronimo or other Java EE containers Tomcat or other servlet containers OSGi Reference OSGi Remote Services implementation IONA Technologies distributes a commercial Enterprise version of Apache CXF under the name FUSE Services Framework. See also The Axis Web Services framework Apache Wink, a project in incubation with JAX-RS support List of web service frameworks Citations References External links Apache CXF website CXF Web services Web service specifications Web applications Java enterprise platform Java (programming language) libraries
“Anti-rival good” is a neologism suggested by Steven Weber. According to his definition, it is the opposite of a rival good. The more people share an anti-rival good, the more utility each person receives. Examples include software and other information goods created through the process of commons-based peer production. An anti-rival good meets the test of a public good because it is non-excludable (freely available to all) and non-rival (consumption by one person does not reduce the amount available for others). However, it has the additional quality of being created by private individuals for common benefit without being motivated by pure altruism, because the individual contributor also receives benefits from the contributions of others. Free open-source software Lawrence Lessig described free and open-source software as anti-rivalrous: "It's not just that code is non-rival; it's that code in particular, and (at least some) knowledge in general, is, as Weber calls it, 'anti-rival'. I am not only not harmed when you share an anti-rival good: I benefit." Network effects The production of anti-rival goods typically benefits from network effects. Leung (2006) quotes from Weber (2004), "Under conditions of anti-rivalness, as the size of the Internet-connected group increases, and there is a heterogeneous distribution of motivations with people who have a high level of interest and some resources to invest, then the large group is more likely, all things being equal, to provide the good than is a small group." Although this term is a neologism, this category of goods may be neither new nor specific to the Internet era. According to Lessig, English also meets the criteria, as any natural language is an anti-rival good. The term also invokes reciprocity and the concept of a gift economy. Data sets Nikander et al. insist that some data sets are anti-rivalrous. This claim rests on three observations: It's cheaper to share than exchange data, because exchange requires erasing in addition to transferring data. If the cost of copying is negligible, then the Pareto optimal allocation of any such data set is (near) universal availability. The value of many data sets increases with the number of users, because the shared knowledge tends to reduce the barriers to understanding and collaboration. This contrasts sharply with material goods, where consumption by one reduces and may eliminate the value to another. Of course, this assumes that the data shared does not involve uses that would likely harm humans. See also Network effect Metcalfe's Law Rivalry (economics) References Goods (economics)
KM3 or Kernel Meta Meta Model is a neutral computer language to write metamodels and to define Domain Specific Languages. KM3 has been defined at INRIA and is available under the Eclipse platform. References KM3: a DSL for Metamodel Specification Jouault, F, and Bézivin, J (2006). In: Proceedings of 8th IFIP International Conference on Formal Methods for Open Object-Based Distributed Systems, LNCS 4037, Bologna, Italy, pages 171-185. ADT Download Eclipse GMT site softwarefactories.com article Softmetaware.com article uio.no article softmetaware.com article trese.cs.utwente.nl présentation bis.uni-leipzig.de présentation Related Concepts Model-driven architecture (MDA is an OMG Trademark), Model Driven Engineering (MDE is not an OMG Trademark) Domain Specific Language (DSL) Domain-specific modelling (DSM) Model-based testing (MBT) Meta-modeling ATL XMI OCL MTL MOF Object-oriented analysis and design (OOAD) Kermeta External links KM3 @ Eclipse. Specification languages
Simple Symmetric Transport Protocol (SSTP) is a protocol for delivering messages between clients and servers. It is used by Microsoft Groove. References External links SSTP specification Application layer protocols
Realsoft 3D is a modeling and raytracing application created by Realsoft Graphics Oy. Originally called Real 3D, it was developed for the Amiga computer and later also for Linux, Irix, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows. It was initially written in 1983 on Commodore 64 by two Finnish brothers, Juha and Vesa Meskanen. The development of Real 3D was really started in 1985, as Juha Meskanen started his studies at the Lahti University of Applied Sciences, Finland. Juha's brother Vesa joined the development and abandoned his university career to start the Realsoft company in 1989. Versions history Real 3D v1 The first commercial Real 3D version was released on Amiga. It used IFF REAL for its objects. It featured constructive solid geometry, support for smooth curved quadric surfaces and a ray-tracer for photo realistic rendering. 1.2 was released in 1990, was already distributed in several European countries. 1.3 was released early 1991. 1.4 was released in December 1991. It was the last version derived from the original Real3D design. Despite small version number increments, v1, v1.2 and v 1.3 were all major releases, with new manuals and packaging. Real 3D v2 It was released in 1993. Version 2 was redesigned with a new source code base. It introduced groundbreaking features - booleans, CSG primitives, b-spline curves, physically based animation simulation, morph-based animation techniques and phenomenal rendered output. It took full advantage of the multi-tasking abilities of the Amiga - allowing the user to continue editing a scene on another window while it rendered. Microsoft Windows version was released in 1994. Real 3D v3 Version 3.5 was released in 1996. It was the last version based on v2 architecture. Realsoft had started a new major development project around 1994. The project involved a complete software rewrite, new object-oriented source code, platform independent design, modularity, and adoption of several other state-of–art development methods. Amiga version 3.5, which is also the last version for this system, is now freely available by AmiKit. Realsoft 3D v4 Version 4 was released year 2000. Beginning with this release, Realsoft renamed the product to Realsoft 3D. It was released on multiple platforms, including Microsoft Windows, Linux and SGI Irix. 4.1 trial version was released in 2001-02-21. Retail version was released in 2001-05-25. 4.2 upgrade was released in 2001-07-19. Linux (Intel, AMD) and SGI Irix (MIPS) versions were released in 2001-07-24. 4.5 was released in 2002-10-23, which introduced for example caustics and global illumination rendering features. Linux version was released in 2002-11-03. Irix version of 4.5/SP1 (build 26.41b) was released in 2003-06-03. Realsoft 3D v5 Windows version was released in 2004-11-15. It expanded the feature set in all program areas. It was also an important visual leap forward supporting full-color 32 bit icons. Service pack 1 (5.1) for Windows was released in 2005-02-03. Service Pack 2 (5.2) for Windows was released in 2005-10-02. Service Pack 3 (5.3) for Windows was released in 2006-11-01. Mac OS X version was released in 2006-12-18. Service Pack 4 (5.4) was released in 2007-05-01. Irix version was released in 2007-12-16. Realsoft 3D v6 Windows version was released in 2007-12-18. It introduced powerful parametric tools for plant modeling and building construction. 64-bit platforms were supported. Service pack 1 (6.1) for Windows was released in 2008-05-15. Linux version was released in 2008-07-01. Mac OS X version was released in 2008-11-11. Realsoft 3D v7 It was announced in 2008-12-13, with projected release date between 2nd or 3rd quarter of 2009. It was released on December 7, 2009, for 32-bit and 64-bit Microsoft Windows. Realsoft 3D v8 It was released on 2018-12-06, for Linux, Windows and Apple in 2019-12-24 is released the upgrade Reception Jeff Paries of Computer Graphics World claimed version 4 is an excellent addition to your toolbox at a reasonable price. See also Lightwave 3D Cinema 4D Modo Blender References External links Render Daemon, additional resources Realsoft 3D Forum, Image gallery info site Aminet Real3D traces Realsoft 3D Wiki 3D graphics software Amiga raytracers 1990 software
ALGOL 68RS is the second ALGOL 68 compiler written by I. F. Currie and J. D. Morrison, at the Royal Signals and Radar Establishment (RSRE). Unlike the earlier ALGOL 68-R, it was designed to be portable, and implemented the language of the Revised Report. Versions of ALGOL 68RS were written for the ICL 2900 Series, Multics, and VAX running VMS. Subsequently, parts of this compiler were released into the public domain, as a translator from ALGOL 68 to C, as part of the public release of the hardware description language ELLA, also by the RSRE. History Although the ALGOL 68-R compiler, written by I.F. Currie, J.D. Morrison, and S.G. Bond, was a great success, it suffered from two major problems: it had been written for the nearly obsolete ICL 1900 computer, and it implemented an out-of-date version of the language as it was released before the Revised Report on ALGOL 68 was available. RSRE needed a newer compiler for various internal projects, so the team of Currie and Morrison wrote a new compiler designed for cross-platform software portability between machines. The compiler dealt with the parsing of ALGOL 68, producing a high level intermediate language known as stream language that is then compiled to machine code by a translator. The compiler needed to know only the sizes of the various object machine data types and the character encoding (set) available. The compiler was written in ALGOL 68, bootstrapped initially using the ALGOL 68-R compiler. A team of two programmers at Oxford University Computing Services wrote a code generator for the ICL 2900 series. Martyn Thomas of South West Universities Regional Computer Centre (SWURCC) arranged that this system be sponsored by International Computers Limited (ICL) and sold as an official ICL product. Later, the Avon Universities Joint Computer Centre, a large user of Multics requested the SWURCC team to produce a Multics version of ALGOL 68RS. A version for the Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) VAX computer was also written. Eventually the team at SWURCC formed a company, Praxis, initially supporting the Multics version of ALGOL 68RS. RSRE also used the ALGOL 68RS compiler for internal projects, including the Flex machine and the ELLA hardware design language. When it was decided to make ELLA freely available, Praxis was commissioned to write an ALGOL 68 to C translator named ctrans, based on the ALGOL 68RS compiler. Restrictions in the language compiled Like the earlier ALGOL 68-R compiler, ALGOL 68RS was a one-pass compiler, which required some restrictions on the language compiled. Declaration before use The ALGOL 68 program: PROC even = (INT number) BOOL: ( number = 0 | TRUE | odd (ABS (number - 1))); PROC odd = (INT number) BOOL: ( number = 0 | FALSE | even (ABS (number - 1))); would have to be re-written as: PROC (INT) BOOL odd; PROC even = (INT number) BOOL : ( number = 0 | TRUE | odd (ABS (number - 1))); odd := (INT number) BOOL : ( number = 0 | FALSE | even (ABS (number - 1))); To allow recursive declarations of modes (types) a special stub mode declaration was used to inform the compiler that an upcoming symbol was a mode rather than an operator: MODE B, A = STRUCT (REF B b), B = [1:10] REF A; Parallel processing Like ALGOL 68-R, the operators PAR clause and the SEMA mode with its associated UP, DOWN, and LEVEL, were omitted. Extensions to ALGOL 68 Straightening One major misfeature of ALGOL 68 is that it is impossible to write the standard transput (input/output) procedures in pure ALGOL 68. The print procedure takes, for example, an array of items to print of any mode and, by a process named straightening, converts them into simple values that can be printed. For example: STRUCT (INT a, REAL b) c := ...; print(c); { magically transformed to print ((a OF c, b OF c)); } The writers of ALGOL 68RS decided to make straightening available as part of the language. A STRAIGHT mode resembles an array but has the special feature that items can be coerced to a STRAIGHT mode if their components can be coerced to the mode. For example: STRUCT (INT a, REAL b) c; STRAIGHT UNION (INT, REAL) z = c; Both the fields of C can be coerced to UNION (INT, REAL) so the field "a OF c" can be accessed as z[1] and "b OF c" is z[2]. The standard print procedure can now be declared as: MODE PRINTMODE = UNION (INT, REAL, ... STRAIGHT PRINTMODE); PROC print = ([] PRINTMODE arguments ) VOID: ...; Efficient array handling The ALGOL 68 array modes are very powerful, including multiple dimensions, defined upper and lower bounds, trimming (making a new array by taking a contiguous subset of an array), slicing (making a new array by removing one dimension from an array), and rowing (making a new array by adding a dimension to an extant array. For example: [5:23, -7:7] INT a; { a two dimensional array } REF [,] INT b = a [ 6:21, 0:3 ] { a slice of a } REF [] INT c = a [5] { just one row of a } While the compiler made all efforts to generate optimal code for all cases, it was felt that adding some simpler facilities would allow better code in some cases. To this end ALGOL 68RS included indexable structures (i-structs), vectors, and the FORALL statement. Indexable structures ALGOL 68 already included fixed length structures to efficiently handle characters and bit-data on word-based machines, the BYTES and BITS modes. A BYTES variable held one machine word of characters, a BITS variable held the bits of one machine word. ALGOL 68RS generalised these ideas. A STRUCT 4 CHAR variable held exactly 4 chars. The size was part of the type. On most ALGOL 68RS systems, the mode BYTES was equivalent to STRUCT 4 CHAR. MODE BYTES = STRUCT 4 CHAR; OP ELEM = (INT index, BYTES val) CHAR: val[index]; ... BYTES b = "abcd"; ... print (2 ELEM b); The ALGOL 68RS compiler would compile any string constant to an appropriate STRUCT n CHAR. In contexts where a VECTOR or array was wanted, an i-struct could be widened to the appropriate VECTOR or array type. Vectors A VECTOR is a simplified array, with only one dimension and a lower bound fixed at 1. VECTOR [4] INT a; { similar to [1:4] INT a; } In any context where an array was required a VECTOR could be converted to an array. FORALL statement The FORALL statement allows efficient stepping through the elements of an array. [12] INT a := ...; FORALL xa IN a DO xa := xa * 2 OD xa will be a reference to each element of a in turn. FORALL can step through multiple arrays in parallel, and be controlled by a WHILE clause: [12] INT a, b; ... FORALL xa IN a, xb IN b WHILE xa > xb DO f(xa, xb) OD Separate compiling ALGOL 68RS provided a mechanism to build libraries similar to the separate compiling facilities of ALGOL 68-R and a mechanism to build programs in a top-down manner similar to those of ALGOL 68C. Declaration modules Libraries in ALGOL 68RS are written using declaration modules which consist of a sequence of MODE, variable, operator and procedure declarations followed by a keep list which defines which declarations are visible to other segments. The library user then adds a USE header that tells the compiler to make the symbols of one or more declaration libraries available to the program. For example, a graphics library might be written as: DECS graphlib USE some other library MODE GRAPHDATA = STRUCT ( ... ); MODE GRAPH = REF GRAPHDATA; PROC new graph = ( ... ) GRAPH : ...; PROC draw graph = (GRAPH g) VOID : ...; ... KEEP GRAPH, new graph, draw graph FINISH And a user program to use this library would look like: PROGRAM myprog USE graphlib BEGIN GRAPH g = new graph (...); ... draw graph (g); ... END FINISH Nested modules To support a top-down programming style, ALGOL 68RS provided the HERE and CONTEXT facilities. A program could be written with parts to be filled in later marked by a HERE tag followed by a keeplist of declarations to be made available. PROGRAM (pass1, pass2) compiler BEGIN STRING source := ...; TREE parsetree; ... HERE pass1 (source, parsetree); ... INSTRUCTIONS insts; HERE pass2 (parsetree, insts); ... END FINISH The code to be executed in the context of the HERE tags would be written as: PROGRAM pass1 implementation CONTEXT pass1 IN compiler BEGIN ... { code using "source" and "parsetree" } END FINISH HERE is similar to the ALGOL 68C ENVIRON and CONTEXT is equivalent to the ALGOL 68C USING. Code and alien access ALGOL 68RS was intended to be usable for low level systems programming. To allow this, facilities were included for access to machine code and non-ALGOL 68RS objects. Code was inserted with the CODE construct: SOMEMODE CODE (item1, item2, ...) "...code..." Where the items are ALGOL 68RS values to be made available to the code insertion and SOMEMODE is the mode returned. The mode can be omitted if the code returns no value. Access to non-ALGOL68 objects was available with the ALIEN insertion: SOMEMODE name = ALIEN "external-name" Any simple ALGOL 68RS object could be cast into a VECTOR of characters using the SPELL operator: STRUCT (INT a, REAL b) c = ...; print (("internal repr = ", SPELL c, newline)); A simple object is one that contains no arrays or VECTORs. Availability The ALGOL 68 to C translator written by Praxis for the ELLA system contains most of the ALGOL 68RS compiler. The notable exception is the code for handling FORMATs. , ALGOL 68RS is available from SourceForge. References RS History of computing in the United Kingdom
Position in team sports is the joint arrangement of a team on its field of play during a game and to the standardized place of any individual player in that arrangement. Much instruction, strategy, and reporting is organized by a set of individual player positions that is standard for the sport. For information about team or player positions in some particular sports, see: Basketball Basketball positions Batting sports Baseball fielding positions Cricket fielding positions Football Association football positions American football positions Gaelic football positions Rugby league positions Rugby union positions Hockey Bandy positions are virtually the same as the association football positions Field hockey positions Ice hockey positions: Goaltender Defenceman Forward "Service" sports Lawn tennis players in doubles competition alternate between two positions. That is, the service side alternates as server and partner while the receiving side alternates as receiver and partner. There is no substitution of players and the two partners necessarily divide the two pairs of positions almost equally. Volleyball players rotate through six positions, taken on the court at the serve. But the positions are not fixed during a volley, only moderately regulated. Volleyball player specialization is highly refined and strategy focuses on how to use specialized players in unequal ways. See also Gaelic football, hurling and camogie positions Terminology used in multiple sports
Web intelligence is the area of scientific research and development that explores the roles and makes use of artificial intelligence and information technology for new products, services and frameworks that are empowered by the World Wide Web. The term was coined in a paper written by Ning Zhong, Jiming Liu Yao and Y.Y. Ohsuga in the Computer Software and Applications Conference in 2000. Research The research about the web intelligence covers many fields – including data mining (in particular web mining), information retrieval, pattern recognition, predictive analytics, the semantic web, web data warehousing – typically with a focus on web personalization and adaptive websites. References External links Web Intelligence Journal Page Web Intelligence Consortium, an international, non-profit organization dedicated to advancing worldwide scientific research and industrial development in the field of Web Intelligence Web intelligence Research Group at University of Chile Further reading Artificial intelligence Crowdsourcing Big data Data mining Collective intelligence Social information processing
Microsoft Content Management Server (MCMS) is a discontinued Microsoft product intended for small to medium enterprises that require content management functionality on their web site, intranet or portal. History Microsoft Content Management Server was originally developed by a Canadian software company named NCompass Labs Inc. It was first marketed as ActiveEnterprise in 1997 and later changed its name to NCompass Resolution. In 2001 NCompass Labs was purchased by Microsoft for $36 million dollars and the product was re-released under MCMS branding. MCMS 2002 Some of the features offered by this product: Inline content-editing Built-in security model for authors, editors, moderators, template designers, channel managers, and administrators Integrates with Visual Studio, Visual Studio .NET 2003 and Visual Studio 2005 Some out-of-the-box placeholders (which are essentially editable portions of a page) Support for multi-language content through parallel channel an connected posting Customizable workflow Discontinuation The web content management capabilities of MCMS 2002 were integrated into Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007. New functionality such as Enterprise Content Management, Business Intelligence, and search has also been included. Mainstream support ended 14 April 2009, and extended support ended 8 April 2014. External links http://www.microsoft.com/cmserver/default.mspx http://download.microsoft.com/download/4/2/5/4250f79a-c3a1-4003-9272-2404e92bb76a/MCMS+2002+-+(complete)+FAQ.htm http://blogs.technet.com/b/stefan_gossner/archive/tags/mcms/ Literature Building Websites with Microsoft Content Management Server Advanced Microsoft Content Management Server Development Enhancing Microsoft Content Management Server with ASP.NET References Microsoft server technology Content management systems
TouchPal is an alternative input method for mobile devices, designed and developed by Shanghai-based CooTek. It is a software application running on multiple platforms, including Android, iOS (no longer supported, only maintained), Windows Mobile, and Windows 8. It simulates a keyboard on the screen of the device, which is used to enter text by tapping on the screen or sliding a finger between letters constructing the word. It is an optional text input method to the traditional physical keyboards and default keyboards provided by the device manufacturer. Technology TouchPal default keyboard layout is designed based on the "T+" technology that combines two letters and one symbol on each key, whose layout looks like a T. The overall layout of all the letters follows a common computer keyboard layout, which is the QWERTY layout. It has a word predicting technology which predicts the most probable word or its spelling. Ad practices In June 2019, it was revealed that CooTek, the developer of TouchPal was bundling malicious adware with its keyboard software, and taking steps to conceal its involvement. Google subsequently banned CooTek from the Google Play Store. History TouchPal v1 TouchPal v1 was released in October 2007. It only provides the T+ layout virtual keyboard with one-layer design. There aren't any additional function keys such as Shift or Ctrl because the functions they achieve are built-in and can be easily implemented by finger tapping or sliding. It has many useful features such as self-defined sentences (My Sentences), My Commands, drag & drop buttons and comprehensive content editing functions. It only supports English input. TouchPal v2 TouchPal v2 was released in late December 2007. Apart from what the v1 has to offer, its virtual keyboard is resizable by finger sliding. It also included customizable emoticons and a few other features. It also supports several European languages input such as English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, and Dutch. TouchPal v3 TouchPal v3 English version was released in April 2008, together with extra European input languages. The TouchPal v3 Chinese input version was released one month later. Compared with the previous two versions, TouchPal v3 underwent significant change. It supports three layouts on one virtual keyboard: the T+ layout, the full QWERTY layout, and the 9-key PhonePad layout. Users can switch keyboard layouts by finger sweeping. There is also an animation effect when turning the pages or switching the layouts. TouchPal v3 significantly improves the predictive algorithm by incorporating its patent pending context-based word prediction and mistyping auto-correction algorithm. Besides, it is much more extensible than the previous two versions. With its SDK, users can self develop the supported input languages, the skins, and change the keyboard layout. It also provides changeable keypress sounds. TouchPal v4 & v5 In November 2008, CooTek starts to release TouchPal for Android devices with its initial version (v4) mainly shipped for manufacturer. Five months later, in April 2009, CooTek launches the official public release of TouchPal v4.2. Almost two years later, in June 2011, TouchPal Curve v4.7.6 is unveiled. In September 2011, CooTek launches TouchPal v5.0 with milestone upgrading. TouchPal X In September 2013, TouchPal X v 5.4.5 comes out with various added features such as TouchPal Wave, TouchPal Curve®, Symbol and Number quick input, Emoji X, Contextual prediction and Walkie-Talkie style voice input. References Nate Adcock, "TouchPal: One of the Best Soft Keyboards", Smartphone and Pocket PC Magazine, June/July 2008 issue Nate Adcock, "TouchPal-A Well-Done Soft Keyboard Alternative!", Smartphone and Pocket PC Magazine, February 10, 2008 Dieter Bohn, "Great New Soft Keyboard", WMExperts.com, October 4, 2007 Sean Cooper, "CooTek's TouchPal brings iPhone-like touchpad to Windows Mobile", Engadget Mobile, October 12, 2007 "TouchPal's Interactive Input Technology Selected by Mercedes-Benz and Sony" External links TouchPal Official Website Mobile software Mobile technology Pocket PC software Chinese brands Virtual keyboards Delisted applications
Programmer's File Editor (PFE) is a freeware text editor targeted particularly to the needs of software programmers. It was written by Alan Phillips of Lancaster University in the north of England. Development of Programmer's File Editor ceased in 1999, but the program is still in use by some programmers. It was featured in a report about free software in an episode of the BBC series The Net. Features Strengths of the editor include: ability to run programs against the current file and capture their output in another window easy macro recorder and editor; macros can be saved and assembled into "libraries" line breaks, tabs, and other special characters allowed in search and replace file type recognition using batch files to perform compilation tasks from within the editor Customizable screen display; display and other characteristics can be set for specific file types, both pre-fab and user determined Multiple document interface (MDI) with tiling and minimizing supported Keyboard remapping allows editor to be extensively reconfigured to one's personal taste Printer formatting is versatile fast even on very large files as editor does not try to understand the text being edited Weaknesses of the editor include: lack of published source code means there have been no updates for years unique default keyboard shortcuts for search and replace (F2 for search, Shift-F2 for repeat search, F3 for search and replace) although these problems can be easily overcome by using Options->Key mapping to reprogram these shortcuts. Tends to lock up when opening unusually long files, or files with excessively long lines (above 16k characters) Lack of Unicode support (although this does mean that the characters shown are an accurate representation of the file's actual bytes). inability to fold code no support for regular expressions in find/change no support for redo and only limited undo no support for language specific Syntax highlighting References External links Programmer's File Editor Home Page Freeware Windows text editors
Deck13 Interactive GmbH (formerly TriggerLab GmbH) is a German video game developer and publisher based in Frankfurt. The company was founded in July 2001 by the team behind Artex Software, a studio that primarily developed video games for RISC OS, such as Ankh: The Tales of Mystery. Originally bearing the name TriggerLab, the company was renamed to Deck13 after the release of its first game, Stealth Combat, in 2002. Deck13 is best known for developing the action role-playing games Lords of the Fallen and The Surge. Deck13 also operates a Hamburg-based subsidiary studio, Deck13 Hamburg. History Deck13 is the successor to Artex Software, a development team that created the game Ankh for RISC OS. The company was founded as TriggerLab in 2001 by Jan Klose and Florian Stadlbauer. TriggerLab developed Stealth Combat, which was first released in Germany on 25 February 2002; shortly thereafter, on 2 April 2002, the company was renamed as Deck13 Interactive. The name "Deck13" was derived from "DM-Deck16", a game map from Unreal Tournament (1999). In 2005, the humorous adventure game Ankh was released, which was a remake of the 1997 game Ankh: The Tales of Mystery by Artex Software. As the product sold very well and won several awards (especially in Germany), the sequel Ankh: Heart of Osiris was produced and released almost exactly one year later, reusing elements of the previous title. In August 2007, the adventure game Jack Keane was released which was similar to the Ankh series in terms of graphics and gameplay but which was set in England and colonial India. The third part of the Ankh series, The Battle of the Gods, was released in Germany on 19 November 2007. One of their latest games, the role-playing game called Venetica was released in September 2009 and was the first RPG to be published by the company. Afterwards, Deck13 Interactive was working on Blood Knights, a comic hack-and-slash for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, which was released in 2013. In 2015, Deck13 released Lords of the Fallen in co-operation CI Games. While a sequel was announced by the publisher, Deck13 was not named as the developer. Instead, the studio was announced to be working with Focus Home Interactive on the then-upcoming The Surge. In September 2016, managing director Florian Stadlbauer announced that he had left the company and had since replaced by Mathias Reichert. In June 2020, Focus Home Interactive acquired the company for €7.1 million. In February 2021, Deck13 opened a development studio in Montreal. Games developed Cancelled The Mystery of the Seven Symbols Jade Rousseau: Die Geheimen Evangelien – Episode 2: Die Bruderschaft Jade Rousseau: Die Geheimen Evangelien – Episode 3: Das geheime Dossier Jade Rousseau: Die Geheimen Evangelien – Episode 4: Der Weg in die Finsternis Jade Rousseau: Die Geheimen Evangelien – Episode 5: Die Geister der Vergangenheit Jade Rousseau: Die Geheimen Evangelien – Episode 6: Der Zorn Gottes Games published See also Daedalic Entertainment – German adventure game developer House of Tales – German adventure game developer King Art Games – German adventure game developer References External links Companies based in Frankfurt Focus Entertainment German companies established in 2001 Video game companies established in 2001 Video game companies of Germany Video game development companies Video game publishers 2020 mergers and acquisitions
Steven Howard Spewak (1951 – March 26, 2004) was an American management consultant, author, and lecturer on enterprise architectures, known for the development of Enterprise Architecture Planning (EAP). Biography Born in Philadelphia, Spewak earned both his B.A. and his M.A. degree at Case Western Reserve University, and earned his Ph.D. in business administration at the University of Michigan in 1981 with the thesis "Analysis of dynamics of the logical design of information systems". Early 1980s Spewak started his career in industry. In 1986 he became software editor at Continental Insurance, where he headed a data modeling project. Early 1990s he started his management consultant practice with offices in Princeton, N.J., and Washington. He worked with government agencies, and national and international organizations, and was a frequent lecturer on enterprise architecture planning. Spewak has been the Chief Technical Editor of the "Data Resource Management Journal" and "Database Management Information Service". He died on 26 April 2004 in Alexandria VA, at the age of 53. Work Enterprise Architecture Planning In his 1992 book Enterprise Architecture Planning (EAP), Spewak defined Enterprise Architecture Planning as "the process of defining architectures for the use of information in support of the business and the plan for implementing those architectures". Enterprise Architecture Planning is based on the Business Systems Planning (BSP) approach developed by John Zachman in the 1980. It takes a business-oriented approach to architecture planning to provide: data quality, access to data, adaptability to changing requirements, data interoperability and sharing, and cost containment. The ultimate goal of an Enterprise Architecture is to define practical and implementable application and technology projects along with those projects required to prepare the organization for its future IT environment. This view counters the more traditional view that applications should be defined before data needs are determined or provided for. Spewak’s approach to Enterprise Architecture Planning is similar to that taken by DOE in that the business mission is the primary driver. That is followed by the data required to satisfy the mission, followed by the applications that are built using that data, and finally by the technology to implement the applications. This hierarchy of activity is represented in the figure on the right, in which the layers are implemented in order, from top to bottom. His approach to Federal Enterprise Architecture has helped organizations with modeling, business strategy planning, process improvement, data warehousing, and various support systems designs, data administration standards, object-oriented and information engineering methodologies, and project management. The Enterprise Architecture Planning (EAP) methodology is beneficial to understanding the further definition of the Federal Enterprise Architecture. Enterprise Architects, Inc. Spewak was founding partner of Enterprise Architects, Inc. Along with two partners, Frank Digaetano and Stephan DeVocht he tutored several generations of Enterprise Architects, and performed many consulting assignments for Fortune 500 clients, US and Canadian Federal Government organizations, as well as State, Local and Tribal government bodies. Since the publication of his seminal book, he and his partners introduced enhancements to the EAP methodology such as updates for technology architecture, expansion of implementation requirements, and methods for calculating planning project duration and effort. They also developed a planning tool (EAP Toolset Templates), and the StratTac Group LLC Planning Templates, to assist organizations EAP efforts. Publications Spewak authored and co-authored several books, papers and articles on enterprise architecture and related topics. A selection: 1981. Analysis of dynamics of the logical design of information systems. University of Michigan. 1993. Enterprise Architecture Planning: Developing a Blueprint for Data, Applications, and Technology. With S. C. Hill. Boston, QED Pub. Group. Articles, a selection 1980. "A pragmatic approach to database design," VLDB '80 Proceedings of the sixth international conference on Very Large Data Bases. Vol 6. p. 151-152 1987. "Introducing Data Administration into a Business Organization". With Susan E. Smylie et al. in: Proceedings of the Sixth International Conference on Entity-Relationship Approach. p. 47-51 1992. "Developing a Blueprint for Data, Applications and Technology: Enterprise Architecture Planning," QED Technical Publishing Group 2006. "Updating the Enterprise Architecture Planning Model". With M. Tiemann. Journal of Enterprise Architecture, May 2006. p. 11-19 References 1951 births 2004 deaths American management consultants Case Western Reserve University alumni Enterprise modelling experts Businesspeople from Philadelphia Ross School of Business alumni 20th-century American businesspeople
The Palm m500 series of handheld personal digital assistants consisted of three devices: the Palm m500, Palm m505, and Palm m515. The series was a follow-up to the popular Palm V series with a similar, though slightly shorter, footprint and form factor. Like the Palm V, the series had metal cases (although the m500 had a plastic back plate) and a 160x160 resolution screen. The distinguishing features common to all in the series are a SD/MMC expansion slot, faster processor, new faster USB sync interface, new software functionality, new vibrating alarms, new indicator light, and a mechanical fastener vs. hot-glue case construction. Later models introduced an improved version of the color display and more memory. Palm m500 series The Palm m500 series of Palm Pilot PDAs was released on March 6, 2001. Based on a poll conducted by Palm Computing (formerly a division of 3Com), it was determined that the Palm V had the "definitive look" of the ideal PDA. Common traits All of the Palm m500 models were based on the Palm V form factor. They had the same slim case with the slight curvature to its left and right edges. The power button lit up green when in its docking cradle or when an important message was available. Input included four programmable buttons, two scrolling buttons, and a touch-sensitive 2-1/4" x 3" screen (including the 2-1/4" x 3/4" input area). As with most other Palm devices, data was input with a stylus pen using a Graffiti method. Each of the m500 series models featured a Secure Digital (SD) or Multi Media Card (MMC) expansion slot. The SD/MMC slot allowed for additional memory upgrades for the devices, as well an expandable platform for add-on devices. The m500 series was also the first of Palm's devices to incorporate the new Universal Connector, which was only "universal" until the Palm T3 after which it was abandoned. It allowed for additional add-on devices and common HotSync cradles. Palm m500 The m500 was the entry-level model of the m500 series. With 8 MB of on-board memory, it featured a monochrome screen and all of the features common to the m500 series devices. It was released on March 6, 2001, as part of the original rollout for the series. Details Operating System: Palm OS version 4.0 (upgrade to 4.1) Processor: 33 MHz Motorola Dragonball VZ Memory: 8 MB Display: 160x160 pixel B&W display, 4-bit (16 shades of gray) Size: 4.49 x 3.02 x .46 in. (11.41 x 7.67 x 1.17 cm) Weight: Battery: Internal Lithium Polymer Rechargeable; 2hr recharge time when empty AC Adapter: Input: 120 V 60 Hz 10 W, Output: 5.0 VDC 1.0 A IrDA port Expansion Slot compatible with SD and MMC cards Palm m505 The m505 was, at the time of the series rollout, the top-of-the-line model of all Palm devices. It also had 8 MB of on-board memory. In addition to standard m500 series features, it also featured a 16-bit color frontlit screen. It was released on March 6, 2001, as part of the original rollout for the series. Details Operating System: Palm OS version 4.0 (upgrade to 4.1) Processor: 33 MHz Motorola Dragonball VZ Memory: 8 MB (4MB Flash + 8MB RAM) Display: 160x160 pixel color display (65,000+ colors) Size: 4.48 x 3.03 x 0.50 in. (11.38 x 7.70 x 1.27 cm) Weight: Battery: Internal Lithium Polymer Rechargeable; 2hr recharge time when empty AC Adapter: Input: 120VAC 60 Hz 11W, Output: 5.0VDC 1.0A IrDA port Expansion Slot compatible with SD and MMC cards Palm m515 On March 4, 2002, Palm released the m515. Based on consumer reviews and surveys conducted by the company, the m515 was developed as an improved version of, and replacement for, the m505. Notable enhancements include 16 MB of on-board memory and an enhanced backlighting system. There was much criticism about the m505 that, even with the backlight on, it was dim and difficult to read in some environments. The m515 added an additional setting allowing the backlight to be put on "high", which was considerably brighter than its predecessor. Details Operating System: Palm OS version 4.1 Processor: 33 MHz Motorola Dragonball VZ Memory: 16 MB RAM + 4 MB Flash Display: 160x160 pixel color display (65,000+ colors) Size: 4.48 x 3.03 x 0.50 in. (11.38 x 7.70 x 1.27 cm) Weight: Battery: Internal Lithium Polymer Rechargeable AC Adapter: Input: 120VAC 60 Hz 11W, Output: 5.0VDC 1.0A IrDA port Expansion Slot compatible with SD and MMC cards References New Sleek Palm m500 and m505 Handhelds Add Expansion, Mobile Connectivity and Vibrant Color , Palm Press Release, March 19, 2001 New Palm m130 and m515 Handhelds Add Spring Color to 2002 Product Lineup, March 4, 2002 Niles, Steve, "Why the Palm m500 Series is Ideal for the Enterprise", September, 2002. PalmPower Magazine Enterprise Edition, Issue 2002–09. "Palm m515 Comparison Pictures" 2 March 2002. Palm Infocenter. See also Palm (PDA) Palm OS PalmSource, Inc. Palm, Inc. Graffiti (Palm OS) Palm OS devices 68k-based mobile devices
The PowerShot products is a line of consumer and prosumer grade digital cameras, launched by Canon in 1996. In 1996 a model of PowerShot was introduced to the market, The PowerShot 600. The production of The PowerShot came shortly after Canon released and subsequently discounted its SV series in 1992 and switched to digital cameras. The PowerShot line has been successful for Canon, and is one of the best-selling digital camera lines worldwide. The PowerShot's success comes its marketing to the general public as a compact and easy to use digital camera. Free software from the Canon Hack Development Kit (CHDK) project allows nearly complete programmatic control of PowerShot cameras, enabling users to add features, up to and including BASIC and Lua scripting. Some models of PowerShot cameras were affected by third-party CCD sensors with a design flaw, which caused them to fail and display severely distorted images. Canon offered to repair affected cameras free of charge. Products Current D series: waterproof, freeze-resistant, and shock-resistant E series: design-oriented budget cameras G series: flagship cameras with advanced features S/SD series (also known as PowerShot Digital ELPH, Digital IXUS, and IXY Digital): "Performance and Style" ultra-compact point-and-shoot cameras S/SX series: ultra-zoom cameras ("IS" and "HS" are not a series; they are suffixes that denote "image stabilization" and "high sensitivity".) Discontinued S series: originally a series of compact point-and-shoot cameras, currently a series of prosumer cameras slotting beneath the G series A series: "Easy and Fun" budget cameras ranging from point-and-shoot to prosumer cameras PowerShot 600 (1996) Pro series: semi-professional-level cameras slotting right beneath Canon's dSLRs, consisting of the Pro70 (1998), Pro90 IS (2001), and Pro1 (2004) TX series: hybrid camera–camcorders See also List of Canon products References External links Products introduced in 1996
Conduit is an open-source synchronization program for GNOME. It allows the user to synchronize information to and from various destinations. For instance, it can be used to synchronise photos on the users computer with various websites (such as Flickr, Picasa and SmugMug). Other types of information may be synchronized, such as files, folders, RSS feeds, emails, notes, contacts, calendars, and tasks. The program uses a drag-and-drop interface to give a visual representation of what is going to be done. Goals The developers of Conduit aim to provide a complete solution to keeping all of a user's information synchronized, regardless of where and how the data is stored. By creating a generic framework for synchronization, current problems with synchronization may be avoided where the tools are specific to a device/website/software and so the information can only be moved in a very restricted way. How Conduit works Conduit works by having a collection of data providers and data conversions. Data providers can represent all sorts of resources, such as an MP3 player attached to a computer, a website, or a program residing on a computer. They have data types, such as image, contact, or note, and are also defined to be either a source, a sink, or both. When the user tries to connect a source data provider and a sink data provider, Conduit will try to allow this connection using the conversions it has available to it. Conduit uses a number of fundamental data types so that a conversion only has to be created once, and can be reused for any data providers that use that data type. See also Comparison of file hosting services Comparison of file synchronization software Comparison of online backup services References External links Conduit home page GNOME Applications Software that uses PyGTK Applications using D-Bus Free software programmed in Python
The Canadian Alliance Against Software Theft (CAAST) is a Canadian trade group affiliated with the Software Alliance (formerly known as the Business Software Alliance). Its mission statement is to "reduce software piracy in Canada through education, public policy and enforcement." The CAAST was established in 1990. See also Robert Holleyman References Trade associations based in Canada Technology trade associations 1990 establishments in Canada
Half Dead and Dynamite is an album by the Minnesota indie rock band Lifter Puller, released in 1997. The album was reissued in 2009. Critical reception City Pages wrote that singer Craig Finn "is a wry and bizarre punk poet, relating obscure tales of high-school depravity, boredom, and violence that unravel as teenage escape songs written from a semi-female perspective." Track listing "To Live and Die in LBI" – 3:13 "I Like the Lights" – 3:33 "Sherman City" – 3:31 "Naussau Coliseum" – 6:13 "Kool NYC" – 1:42 "Half Dead and Dynamite" – 3:21 "The Bears" – 1:55 "Hardware" – 2:24 "The Gin and the Sour Defeat" – 3:51 "Viceburgh" – 6:04 "Rock for Lite Brite" – 2:23 References External links Archive of the official Lifter Puller discography Lifter Puller albums 1997 albums
JQuranTree is a set of Java APIs for accessing and analyzing the Quran in its authentic Arabic form. The Uthmani distribution of the Tanzil project is used and is left unmodified. The library contains: a Java API which wraps the XML Uthmani Script of the Tanzil project an object model for the Quran's orthography encoders and decoders for converting Arabic text Java classes for searching the text of the Quran The library includes a user guide and API documentation with examples on using the library to perform basic analysis of Quranic text. Source code repository The JQuranTree source code is hosted as a public GitHub repository. See also Digital Quran Quranic Arabic Corpus - Builds on the JQuranTree API to annotate the Arabic grammar of the Quran References External links corpus.quran.com/java Quran.com Quran software Free software programmed in Java (programming language)
Avant Window Navigator (abbreviated AWN or Awn) is a dock-like bar for Linux, which sits on an edge of a user's screen and tracks open windows. Instead of representing open windows as buttons or segments on a bar, it uses large icons on a translucent background to increase readability and add visual appeal. The program was created by Neil J. Patel. Both the appearance and functionality of Avant Window Navigator may be customized, and plugins and applets are available, such as to display the progress of a download in Mozilla Firefox or to control a music player like Rhythmbox. The plugins use the D-Bus IPC system, and applets can be written in C, Python or Vala. A sister project, AWN Extras, is a collection of community-contributed applets and plugins. Releases are usually kept in sync with AWN. One of the major requirements to run older versions of Avant Window Navigator is a compositing window manager. At least version 0.4.0-2 in the Debian repos has either Metacity, xcompmgr, Compiz, xfwm4, KWin or Mutter as a dependency. Therefore, the user was required to install a compositor, which could tax performance on low-end systems. Some alternatives were to use a lightweight desktop environment such as Xfce, which has a compositing manager since version 4.2.0, or to enable compositing in Metacity when using GNOME. However, support for non-composited environments is available in version 0.4.0. See also Dock (computing) Docky Kicker (KDE) GNOME Panel References Notes Jack Wallen (12 Aug 2009) Avant Window Navigator: OS X-like dock on Linux desktop, ghacks.net Dmitri Popov (Jan 30, 2009) Managing Tasks with Avant Window Navigator, Linux Magazine online Jonathan Roberts (21 July 2007) Gnome Panel Mania, Free Software Magazine column External links - Home of AWN project - Maintained by Povilas Kanapickas (reporting of bugs and issues not permitted, last activity 2014-06-11) - Project moved to GitHub AWN Wiki contains, among other things, installation instructions and a list of FAQs - Site Unknown (as of 2014-12-13) AWN Forums - Access to server forbidden (as of 2014-12-13) Avant Window Navigator (AWN) Mac OS like Dock in openSUSE at susegeek.com (posting dated 2008-08-02) Neil J. Patel's Blog - Blog no longer active (last entry dated 2011-06-12) Planet AWN, an aggregation of the developers' weblogs - Site Unknown (as of 2014-12-13) Application launchers Applications using D-Bus Beta software Free software programmed in C Free software programmed in Python Free software programmed in Vala Graphical shells that use GTK Software that uses PyGTK
Secure Blue is a type of computer hardware designed by IBM that enables data encryption to be built into a microprocessor. It can be added to existing processors, and encrypts and decrypts data as it passes through them, without requiring any power from the processors themselves. Possible uses of the technology are to protect data on stolen devices and enforcement of digital rights management (DRM). See also Disk encryption hardware References External links Official Announcement http://arquivo.pt/wayback/20091227112644/http://domino.research.ibm.com/comm/research_projects.nsf/pages/spt.index.html SecureBlue
The following tables compare general and technical information for a variety of web hosting control panel software packages. License and operating system support Free and open source control panels Proprietary control panels Remote access Some control panels allow shell (console) access to the underlying OS through a Java applet, requiring that the client-side computer use Java Virtual Machine software. Other control panels allow direct access using telnet or secure shell (SSH). Email management While all control panel software below supports multiple email accounts, the features they provide vary. References Web hosting control panels Web server management software
EAX mode (encrypt-then-authenticate-then-translate) is a mode of operation for cryptographic block ciphers. It is an Authenticated Encryption with Associated Data (AEAD) algorithm designed to simultaneously provide both authentication and privacy of the message (authenticated encryption) with a two-pass scheme, one pass for achieving privacy and one for authenticity for each block. EAX mode was submitted on October 3, 2003 to the attention of NIST in order to replace CCM as standard AEAD mode of operation, since CCM mode lacks some desirable attributes of EAX and is more complex. Encryption and authentication EAX is a flexible nonce-using two-pass AEAD scheme with no restrictions on block cipher primitive to be used, nor on block size, and supports arbitrary-length messages. Authentication tag length is arbitrarily sizeable up to the used cipher's block size. The block cipher primitive is used in CTR mode for encryption and as OMAC for authentication over each block through the EAX composition method, that may be seen as a particular case of a more general algorithm called EAX2 and described in The EAX Mode of Operation The reference implementation in the aforementioned paper uses AES in CTR mode for encryption combined with AES OMAC for authentication. Performance Being a two-pass scheme, EAX mode is slower than a well designed one-pass scheme based on the same primitives. EAX mode has several desirable attributes, notably: provable security (dependent on the security of the underlying primitive cipher); message expansion is minimal, being limited to the overhead of the tag length; using CTR mode means the cipher need be implemented only for encryption, in simplifying implementation of some ciphers (especially desirable attribute for hardware implementation); the algorithm is "on-line", that means that can process a stream of data, using constant memory, without knowing total data length in advance; the algorithm can pre-process static Associated Data (AD), useful for encryption/decryption of communication session parameters (where session parameters may represent the Associated Data). Notably, CCM mode lacks the last 2 attributes (CCM can process Associated Data, it can't pre-process it). Patent status The authors of EAX mode, Mihir Bellare, Phillip Rogaway, and David Wagner placed the work under public domain and have stated that they were unaware of any patents covering this technology. Thus, EAX mode of operation is believed to be free and unencumbered for any use. Use A modification of the EAX mode, so called EAX′ or EAXprime, is used in the ANSI C12.22 standard for transport of meter-based data over a network. In 2012 Kazuhiko Minematsu, Stefan Lucks, Hiraku Morita and Tetsu Iwata published a paper that proves the security of the mode with messages longer than the key, but demonstrates a trivial attack against short messages using this mode. The authors stated that they did not know whether the ANSI C12.22 protocols were vulnerable to the attack. See also Authenticated Encryption with Associated Data (AEAD) Authenticated Encryption (AE) CCM mode CTR mode OMAC References External links NIST: Block Cipher Modes A Critique of CCM (February 2003) Software implementations C++: Dr. Brian Gladman's crypto library implementing EAX mode of operation Pascal / Delphi: Wolfgang Ehrhardt's crypto library implementing EAX mode of operation Java: BouncyCastle crypto library implementing EAX mode of operation C: libtomcrypt implementing EAX mode of operation Hardware implementations Block cipher modes of operation Authenticated-encryption schemes
Andrew James Stanford-Clark is a British information technology research engineer, specialising in telemetry and publish/subscribe messaging. In July 2017 he was appointed IBM CTO for UK and Ireland Previously, he led a research team at IBM. He is a Member of the IBM Academy of Technology, an IBM Master Inventor and visiting professor at Newcastle University. He also serves on the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) peer review college and regularly delivers public talks. Education Stanford-Clark was educated at Stockport Grammar School, Cheshire, and the University of East Anglia, Norwich. He holds a Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree in computer science and mathematics from the University of East Anglia (UEA) and completed his PhD in parallel computing at UEA in 1991. Career Stanford-Clark joined IBM in 1991 in the Communications Software group. Stanford-Clark performed a number of roles within IBM, focusing primarily on parallel processing and pervasive messaging. When he started his job, his manager offered him the career advice that “there’s only one person who REALLY cares about your career, and that's you”. In 2010 he became Chief Technology Officer (CTO) of Smart Energy Technologies, as part of IBM's smarter planet strategy, based on his background in pervasive messaging. Stanford-Clark has been granted 11 patents and, has 45 pending, as well as 30 additional invention disclosures published in IBM Technology Journal and IP.com. Stanford-Clark has also taken an active role in mentoring others and played a part in accelerating innovation, highlighted by his involvement in an IBM student scheme called Extreme Blue. Stanford-Clark leads the pervasive and advanced messaging technologies research group. The group works to further IBM's Smarter Planet initiative and is based at Hursley House near Winchester, Hampshire. Telemetry In 1999, Stanford-Clark collaborated with Arlen Nipper to author the first version of the MQ Telemetry Transport (MQTT) protocol. MQTT is a specialised protocol enabling telemetry or lightweight sensor and mobile systems to provide information to computer programs via a publish/subscribe mechanism. Stanford-Clark gained media attention for this in the late 2000s by connecting his home automation system via MQTT to Twitter. Awards and honours In 2002 Stanford-Clark became a member of IBM Academy of Technology and was recognised as an IBM Master Inventor. He became an IBM Distinguished Engineer in 2007. In 2006, Stanford-Clark became a Fellow of the British Computer Society (FBCS) and Chartered IT Professional (CITP). He was appointed an IBM Master Inventor and has given TEDx talks. In 2015 he appeared in University Challenge on BBC2. References Living people People educated at Stockport Grammar School Alumni of the University of East Anglia IBM employees British computer scientists Fellows of the British Computer Society British software engineers Researchers in distributed computing Year of birth missing (living people)
Notkin is the surname of: David Notkin (1955–2013), software engineer Geoffrey Notkin (born 1961), author and meteorite hunter Richard T. Notkin (born 1948), ceramic artist
Perst is an open source, dual license, object-oriented embedded database management system (ODBMS). Both the Java programming language, and the C# programming language versions are compact and Perst has been implemented on smart phones running the Android and Windows Phone (WP7) operating systems. History Perst was launched in 2003, in Russia. It was designed to achieve high-performance by tightly integrating the database with the programming language: Perst directly stores data in the language objects. In 2006 McObject LLC, based in Issaquah, WA took over the development of Perst. It continues to offer free downloads and has added commercial license options. Perst was first written in Java, and ported to C#. Although originally designed for desktop- and server-based software, Perst has also found usage in providing database management for mobile applications running on devices such as smartphones. These mobile devices typically have hardware constraints, with limited RAM and few CPU cycles available and non-standard (for database systems) operating requirements (such as support for Java ME, or Silverlight in the Windows Phone 7 mobile platform). Versions Currently available versions of Perst are Perst for .NET, Perst for Java and Perst Lite. Perst for Java and Perst Lite are bundled in a single software distribution. Perst for .NET supports C# versions 1.0 and 2.0 with the same source code. Support for specific C# 2.0 features (such as template classes) is provided at compile time. It is compatible with both standard and compact .NET frameworks, as well as Silverlight, and can operate on both Microsoft Windows Phone 7 (WP7) and Windows Embedded Compact (formerly Windows CE). Perst for Java supports J2SE/J2EE versions 1.3 and 1.4, as well as J2SE/J2EE version 5. It is compatible with the Android smartphone environment. Perst Lite is the Perst for Java implementation that runs on devices (such as BlackBerry smartphones) based on the Java ME (J2ME) mobile device platform. It has a memory footprint approximately 30 percent smaller than standard Perst. In detail Size The Perst engine’s size is 5,000 lines of source code, and its run time random-access memory (RAM) needs range from 30K to 300K.] Transactions Perst transactions support the ACID properties (atomicity, consistency, isolation, durability) with automatic recovery. Querying Perst provides a subset of SQL for filtering elements of a container class. For access to stored objects, Perst implements specialized collection classes including: B-tree indexes R-tree indexes In-memory database container classes based on T-trees k-d tree indexes Radix tree (Patricia trie) indexes Time series class to deal efficiently with small fixed-size objects, such as stock quotes Specialized versions of collections for thick indexes (indexes with many duplicates) and bit indexes (keys with a restricted number of possible values) Schema evolution To facilitate changes to an existing database design (database schema), Perst implements “lazy” database schema evolution. When an object instance is loaded from the database, its class descriptor is compared with the format of the class in the application. If they are not identical, and the object is to be changed, then the object is converted and stored in the new format. With an “eager” schema evolution format changes would sweep through the database all at once. Additional features Garbage collection Multi-threaded Support for Language Integrated Query (LINQ) XML import/export utilities Master/slave replication support, with the option to run read-only queries on slave nodes Full text search Integration with AspectJ and JAssist aspect-oriented programming tools Example Implementations ProScout is a demo midlet for using Perst Lite in the Java ME environment. The demonstration is of a discrete note-taking facility for a sports recruiter. Originally implemented for the Blackberry, it has also been deployed on the Nokia S60. McObject provides a demo app of a CRM system using Perst for .NET, including a fully text-searchable contact database that runs in the desktop browser in Silverlight. Andy Wigley, of appamundi, ported this demo app to Windows Phone and described the project in a series of blog postings. Licensing Users can redistribute and/or modify Perst under the terms of the GNU General Public License (version 2 or later) as published by the Free Software Foundation. For individuals or organizations that cannot or do not wish to comply with the GPL, a commercial license is available from McObject. References External links at McObject Perst - ProScout pages on Java.Net Mobile & Embedded Community website. Object-oriented database management systems Free database management systems Android (operating system) development software Embedded databases
See also 2-opt Local search (optimization) Lin–Kernighan heuristic References Heuristic algorithms Travelling salesman problem
LifeLock Inc. is American identity theft prevention software, sold by Tempe, Arizona-based company Gen Digital Inc.. LifeLock's system monitors for identity theft, the use of personal information, and credit score changes. LifeLock was acquired by computer security company Symantec in 2017 for $2.3 billion. After Symantec sold its enterprise division to Broadcom, the company was renamed from Symantec to NortonLifeLock in November 2019, and Gen Digital Inc. in 2022. In the same year, the company began to offer versions of its Norton 360 subscription service with LifeLock included. History LifeLock was co-founded in 2005 by Robert J. Maynard and Todd Davis. Maynard began his career by founding the Internet Service Provider (ISP) Internet America in the late 1990s. Former LifeLock CEO Davis worked for Dell before founding Marketing Champions. Maynard resigned from LifeLock in June 2007 after claims that he was a victim of identity theft came under scrutiny. Davis publicly posted his Social Security number as part of a 2007 ad campaign to promote the company's identity theft protection services. However, Davis was a victim of 13 cases of identity theft between 2007 and 2008. Regarding the campaign, Davis said, "We were trying to make the point that ... all it takes is one data breach. The point of that campaign was to take proactive steps to protect your identity." In December 2008, LifeLock entered into an agreement with TransUnion, one of the three main credit bureaus, to automate the process of alerting customers of potential unauthorized access via their credit reports. As part of a 2009 settlement with Experian related to false fraud alerts allegations, LifeLock set up a service that does not rely on fraud alerts. In March 2012, LifeLock acquired ID Analytics, which operates independently as a wholly owned subsidiary Following LifeLock's initial public offering (IPO) announcement in August 2012, Hilary Schneider joined the company as president. In December 2013, LifeLock acquired Lemon Wallet, a digital wallet platform, for $42.6 million. In 2015, the FTC obtained a $100 million monetary penalty against LifeLock with $68 million held for class-action refunds to customers in relation to false advertising and failed service delivery allegations. In January 2016, the company announced that Hilary Schneider would replace Todd Davis as CEO. LifeLock was acquired by Symantec for $2.3 billion on February 9, 2017. The company subsequently began to offer its Norton subscription services with LifeLock included. Funding The company started with $2 million in seed funding with another $5 million in its Series A funding in 2006 from Bessemer Ventures. LifeLock raised $6 million in its series B funding from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in April 2007. The following January, its Series C Funding raised $25 million, led by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. In August 2009, a series D funding round raised $40 million for the company. In March 2013, LifeLock raised $100 million in new equity funding from Bessemer Ventures Partners, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Symantec Corporation, and River Street Management. The funds were used towards the acquisition of ID Analytics, an identity theft risk prediction technology. LifeLock announced plans to take its identity theft protection business public and filed for an IPO worth up to $175 million on August 28, 2012. The company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange starting October 3, 2012, trading under the symbol LOCK. LifeLock filed a form with the Securities and Exchange Commission to voluntarily deregister its common stock in 2017 after its acquisition by Symantec for $2.3 billion. Following Symantec's name change in November 2019, Symantec's stock symbol became NLOK. Controversies Robert J. Maynard, Jr., a co-founder of the company, resigned in June 2007 following a controversial story published in Phoenix New Times about his past. The story involved bankruptcy, FTC investigation, and identity theft. LifeLock was fined $12 million by the Federal Trade Commission in March 2010 for deceptive advertising. The FTC called the company's prior marketing claims misleading to consumers by claiming to be a 100% guarantee against all forms of identity theft. In 2015, the FTC found LifeLock to be in contempt of the 2010 agreement, charging that they "failed to establish and maintain a comprehensive information security program", and "falsely advertised that it protected consumers' sensitive data". The FTC obtained a $100 million monetary penalty against LifeLock to settle the contempt charge. Of that fine, $68 million was held for class-action refunds to LifeLock customers. 2022 data breach In December 2022, LifeLock servers suffered an attack using credential stuffing, and over 6,000 user accounts had their details disclosed, including names, addresses and phone number. The method of attack was to use credentials from previous unrelated breaches. This resulted in a large number of failed login attempts on 16 December 2022. Notification of the breach was sent in January 2023. See also FICO Todd Davis Robert Maynard Jr. References External links Identity theft 2012 initial public offerings Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange Gen Digital acquisitions Norton (software) 2017 mergers and acquisitions Security software
Accordance is a Bible study program for Apple Macintosh and iPhone, and now Windows and Android, developed by OakTree Software, Inc. Although originally written exclusively for the Mac OS (and then iOS), Accordance was then released in a Windows-native version, although it was available prior to this by using the Basilisk II emulator. Since 2018 there has also been an Accordance app for Android. The program is used for both private and academic study. OakTree Software OakTree Software, Inc. is based in Altamonte Springs, Florida, United States. The company has focused on the study of Biblical texts. Program history Roy Brown, OakTree Software's president and application developer, created one of the first Bible programs available for the Macintosh, known as ThePerfectWord, in 1988. ThePerfectWord was later bought by another company and renamed MacBible. By the early 1990s there were a number of general Bible study programs for the Macintosh. However, Brown saw the need for a new program which would make it easy to engage in more sophisticated Bible study, enabling scholars and pastors to perform in-depth analysis of the original Greek and Hebrew texts of the Bible. Accordance 1.0 was released in February 1994. The translators of the Holman Christian Standard Bible, completed in 2004, used it for word studies, comparisons and instant searches. A version of Accordance 5.0 rewritten to run natively under Mac OS X was released in 2002. The company has continued to add and improve features, such as adding the native Quartz rendering system. Version 8 was released in May 2008 and introduced a universal binary for Intel-based Macs. Additional versions were released in 2010 through 2016. Version 12 (2016) saw a refreshing of the packages available, where, apart from individual modules, users must purchase collections from a specialized stream (Hebrew, Greek, English or Graphics). Version 13 was released in November 2019 that included a new look, built-in training, and import from PDF. Accordance for iOS was released on December 30, 2010, as a free app for iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad. After running through an emulator for many years, in 2013 Accordance released as Windows-native software, with upgrades and updates generally running in parallel with the Mac software. Accordance for Android was released in 2018. Modules available The program is centered on the Biblical text, but has many additional texts. There are optional modules, detailed study tools for the original Hebrew and Greek, commentaries and reference dictionaries, with a cross-reference system to interconnect the Biblical text with libraries of ancient extra-biblical material. Some modules available include: Mishnah, Targums, Pseudepigrapha, Josephus and early Christian writings such as the Didache Biblia Hebraica Stuttgartensia with the Groves-Wheeler Westminster Hebrew Morphology Louw & Nida Semantic Domain Lexicon GNT Robinson Byzantine Dead Sea Scrolls Bible Atlas and Bible Lands Photo Guide Comprehensive Cross Reference interactive module for Dead Sea Scrolls, Josephus, Philo, Nag Hammadi Library, Pseudepigrapha, Old Testament Apocrypha, New Testament Apocrypha, Plato, Pythagoras, Dhammapada, Egyptian Book of the Dead, Tacitus, Talmud, New and Old Testaments, Apostolic and Early Church Fathers Although the product has many modules, these are packaged these into "Collections" (which have replaced all of the earlier "bundles" and "libraries"). References External links Accordance Home Accordance Blog Accordance Forums Accordance Exchange Electronic Bibles
Software product lines (SPLs), or software product line development, refers to software engineering methods, tools and techniques for creating a collection of similar software systems from a shared set of software assets using a common means of production. The Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute defines a software product line as "a set of software-intensive systems that share a common, managed set of features satisfying the specific needs of a particular market segment or mission and that are developed from a common set of core assets in a prescribed way." Description Manufacturers have long employed analogous engineering techniques to create a product line of similar products using a common factory that assembles and configures parts designed to be reused across the product line. For example, automotive manufacturers can create unique variations of one car model using a single pool of carefully designed parts and a factory specifically designed to configure and assemble those parts. The characteristic that distinguishes software product lines from previous efforts is predictive versus opportunistic software reuse. Rather than put general software components into a library in the hope that opportunities for reuse will arise, software product lines only call for software artifacts to be created when reuse is predicted in one or more products in a well defined product line. Recent advances in the software product line field have demonstrated that narrow and strategic application of these concepts can yield order of magnitude improvements in software engineering capability. The result is often a discontinuous jump in competitive business advantage, similar to that seen when manufacturers adopt mass production and mass customization paradigms. Development While early software product line methods at the genesis of the field provided the best software engineering improvement metrics seen in four decades, the latest generation of software product line methods and tools are exhibiting even greater improvements. New generation methods are extending benefits beyond product creation into maintenance and evolution, lowering the overall complexity of product line development, increasing the scalability of product line portfolios, and enabling organizations to make the transition to software product line practice with orders of magnitude less time, cost and effort. Recently the concepts of software product lines have been extended to cover systems and software engineering holistically. This is reflected by the emergence of industry standard families like ISO 265xx on systems and software engineering practices for product lines. See also Software factory Domain engineering Feature model Feature-oriented programming – a paradigm for software product line development Product Family Engineering References External links Software Product Lines Essentials, page 19. Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute Web Site Software Products Lines Community Web Site and Discussion Forums Introduction to the Emerging Practice of Software Product Line Development AMPLE Project Software Product Line Engineering Course, B. Tekinerdogan, Bilkent University Software project management Software industry
Olli-Pekka "Lelu" Ojansivu (born 31 December 1987) is a retired Finnish professional volleyball player who was a member of the Finland men's national volleyball team. Career Ojansivu started his career in Vammalan Lentopallo. When Ojansivu turned sixteen years old he didn't go to Kuortane like many promising junior players do. He stayed in Vammala and started training in Finnish league team Vammalan Lentopallo. He played his first game in Finnish Champion league at the age of 16 in season 2004. His first whole season in Finnish Champion league was season 2006. He was best server in the whole league and ranked fifth amongst spikers. After the season Finnish volleyball federation chose him as the best newcomer in the league. 2005 season in Vammala was also great and Ojansivu ranked as 2nd best server in the whole league and was again 5th best spiker in league. After many seasons in Vammala Ojansivu made contract with Pielaveden Sampo. In Sampo Ojansivu won his first season Finland Cup-Champion and in Finland league silver medal. Sport Channel chose him best opposite player in whole league. In the 2008–2009 season, he played in the Finland Champion league in Pielaveden Sampo. He signed a contract with CVM Tomis Constanța in July 2012. The club will represent Romania in the CEV Champions League. National team Ojansivu's national debut was against Estonia in Olympic Qualification in 2007. The score was 23–23 when Olli-Pekka was substituted to court. He managed to serve back-to-back aces and Finland won the set. Since that match Ojansivu has been part of the national team. Achievements Personal 2005–2006 Valepa (Best server and 2nd. best scorer of the league Best rookie in Finland league 2006 2006–2007 Valepa (2nd. best server and 5th. best scorer of the league 2008–2009 Pielaveden Sampo (Best scorer in Play – off games Sport Channel best opposite player 2008 2009–2010 PAOK (3rd. best server and 2nd. best scorer of the league Team Finland league champion 2009 Finland Cup-Champion 2008, 2009 Finland league silver 2008 References 1987 births Living people People from Sastamala Finnish men's volleyball players P.A.O.K. V.C. players Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Greece Finnish expatriate sportspeople in France Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Iran Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Romania Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Russia Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Turkey Expatriate volleyball players in Greece Expatriate volleyball players in France Expatriate volleyball players in Iran Expatriate volleyball players in Romania Expatriate volleyball players in Russia Expatriate volleyball players in Turkey Sportspeople from Pirkanmaa
CodeGear is a wholly owned division of Embarcadero Technologies. CodeGear develops software development tools such as the Delphi Integrated development environment, the programming language Delphi, and the database server InterBase. Originally a division of Borland Software Corporation, it was launched on 14 November 2006. History On 8 February 2006 Borland announced that it would seek a buyer for its IDE division and database products. During the spin-off negotiations, these divisions ("developer tools group") internally reorganized into a division called CodeGear. Eventually, five parties bid for the group. However, no bidder offered Borland "numbers that appropriately reflected the value we think is in the business," according to a conference call with Borland CEO Tod Nielsen. Borland's 2006 annual report showed that its CodeGear IDE business had sales of US$75.7 million in 2006, which accounted for 25 percent of Borland's total revenue. On 7 May 2008, Borland Software Corporation and Embarcadero Technologies announced that Embarcadero had "signed a definitive asset purchase agreement to purchase CodeGear." On 1 July 2008, Embarcadero Technologies announced the completed acquisition of CodeGear from Borland Software Corporation on 30 June 2008, for approximately $24.5 million. Embarcadero Technologies, Inc. era On 25 August 2008, Embarcadero Technologies announced the release of Delphi 2009 and C++Builder 2009. On 28 September 2008, Embarcadero Technologies announced the release of InterBase SMP 2009. On 1 December 2008, Embarcadero Technologies announced the general availability of CodeGear RAD Studio 2009. Products RAD Studio (including Delphi, Delphi Prism and C++Builder) Delphi for PHP Delphi Delphi Prism JBuilder InterBase C++Builder JGear 3rdRail References External links Borland Companies based in Santa Cruz County, California Development software companies
Zelig Pliskin is an Orthodox Jewish rabbi, writer, lecturer, and author of more than 25 books, including Gateway to Happiness, Conversations With Yourself, Building Your Self-Image and the Self-Image of Others, and Life Is Now. Early years Pliskin was born in 1946 in Baltimore, Maryland. As a young boy he attended Yeshiva Chofetz Chaim Talmudical Academy of Baltimore and later studied at the Telshe Yeshiva in Cleveland, Ohio. After his marriage to Raizel, they moved to Israel and he studied for five years at a Brisk yeshiva. He received his degree in Counseling Psychology at the State University of New York. Becoming an author Pliskin's father, Rabbi Shmuel Pliskin, had been a student of Israel Meir Kagan, popularly known as the Chofetz Chaim, at the Raduń Yeshiva in Poland and had written a Yiddish-language biography of him, Der Chofetz Chayim: Zine Leben un Shafen (Warsaw, 1936). In 1974, after writing an article for The Jewish Observer about the life of the Chofetz Chaim, "The Profile of an Oheiv Yisroel," Zelig Pliskin was asked to write a book explaining the Chofetz Chaim's teachings. The result was his first book, Guard Your Tongue. Current work Several years following Pliskin's move to Israel, the outreach organization Aish HaTorah asked him to speak on human emotions and relationships. Pliskin now provides marriage counseling and works with individuals to encourage their personal growth and improvement. He remains closely affiliated with Aish HaTorah, and lectures both in Israel and in the United States. Philosophy The focus of Pliskin's teachings is helping people improve themselves and find happiness. He maintains that there are four basic aspects that make up who we are and who we are becoming: state of mind self image personality traits goals Most important, Pliskin believes, is that we maintain a positive state of mind, allowing us "to be productive and reach our full potential, achieve our goals and bring out the best in others." Personal life Pliskin lives in Jerusalem with his family. References External links Free MP3 Lectures by Rabbi Zelig Pliskin American Orthodox rabbis Israeli Orthodox rabbis Living people Rabbis of Aish HaTorah 1946 births 21st-century American rabbis
The Image-Guided Surgery Toolkit (IGSTK: pronounced IGStick) is a software package oriented to facilitate the development of image-guided surgery applications. IGSTK is an open-source software toolkit designed to enable biomedical researchers to rapidly prototype and create new applications for image-guided surgery. This toolkit provides functionalities that are commonly needed when implementing image-guided surgery applications, such as integration with optical and electromagnetic trackers, manipulation and visualization of DICOM datasets. History The development of IGSTK was funded by the US National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering, one of the US National Institutes of Health NIH. Development started in 2003 as a collaboration between the ISIS Center at Georgetown University and Kitware. In 2004 a team from the CADDLab at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill joined the project. Atamai a firm dedicated to development of image-guided surgery toolkits, joined in 2005. The project has been supported by several vendors of trackers. License IGSTK is distributed as open-source software, under a BSD license. It allows unrestricted use, including use in commercial products IGSTK License. The copyright of IGSTK is held by the Insight Software Consortium. See also ITK CMake CPack VTK 3DSlicer FLTK Qt (toolkit) Use in Other Projects CISST Slicer - IGSTK Integration External links IGSTK wiki IGSTK: The Book Georgetown University, ISIS Center Kitware homepage Kitware on Wikipedia References IGSTK: Development Process and Project Management Best Practices for an Open Source Software Toolkit for Image-Guided Surgery Applications IGSTK: A State Machine Architecture for an Open Source Software Toolkit for Image-Guided Surgery Applications Robot Assisted Needle Placement: Application developed using an open source image guided surgery toolkit (IGSTK) An Architecture Validation Toolset for Ensuring Patient Safety in an Open Source Software Toolkit for Image-Guided Surgery Applications An open source software toolkit for image-guided surgery Kevin Cleary, Luis Ibanez, David Gobbi, and Kevin Gary, Free software programmed in C++
GOG.com (formerly Good Old Games) is a digital distribution platform for video games and films. It is operated by GOG sp. z o.o., a wholly owned subsidiary of CD Projekt based in Warsaw, Poland. GOG.com delivers DRM-free video games through its digital platform for Microsoft Windows, macOS and Linux. History Launch of Good Old Games During communist government rule of Poland (the Polish People's Republic), copyright laws went largely unenforced, and copyright infringement was rampant across electronic media. Following the change of government, consumer perception of copyright in Poland remained largely the same, making it difficult for legitimate sellers of electronic media; pirated and bootlegged versions were often sold in open markets right next to boxed copies of legitimate items, but for a fraction of the cost. CD Projekt was founded by Marcin Iwiński and Michał Kiciński in 1994 for the purposes to trying to bring legitimate sales of foreign game titles into Poland, knowing they would have no easy way to compete against pirated copies. They would obtain import rights from foreign publishers, and where possible, provide in-game localization for text and voice lines, typically through reverse engineering to decompile the game's code. They would then package the game with localized instruction manuals and other physical goodies, hoping that the added features would draw buyers away from pirated copies. Their first major success was with Baldur's Gate (1998) with which they had 18,000 units sold on its first day of release in Poland. Due to this success, Interplay, the publisher of Baldur's Gate, asked CD Projekt if they could do a similar treatment to Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance, a console title released in 2001. As their past work had been strictly on personal computers, the company accepted to try to port it, but the project fell through before it was completed. However, as a result, CD Projekt realized they had the ability to make their own games, and moved into games development. This eventually proved fruitful, as it ultimately landed the company with rights to The Witcher video game series. The company's interest in game distribution has declined since then. Digital distribution grew in the 2000s, along with the use of DRM to control access to games, which raised some resentment with players. CD Projekt saw potential to look back at their distribution days to offer DRM-free versions of classic games through digital distribution, using their past experience in reverse engineering to make the games work on modern platforms and provide a wide array of localization options. In this manner, they would have a reason to draw players to buy their product instead of simply downloading it for free from pirate game websites and services. They founded a new subsidiary, Good Old Games, to serve this purpose in early 2008. Their first challenge was to find a publisher that would be willing to work with them; they spoke to several who were generally unaware of CD Projekt; their first big break was from Interplay, who knew of the company's past work, and allowed them to offer their games on the service. After some time, Good Old Games was approached by Ubisoft, who were interested in selling their older titles through the service as well. Once Ubisoft was signed, it became easier for Good Old Games to convince other publishers to allow them to offer older titles on the service. Marketing stunt and relaunch During a period of days from 19 to 22 September 2010, the GOG.com website was disabled, leaving behind messages on the web site and their Twitter accounts that the site had been closed. A spokesman for Good Old Games reiterated that the site was not being shut down, and confirmed news would be forthcoming about changes to the service. A clarification posted on the site on 20 September 2010 said they had to shut down the site temporarily "due to business and technical reasons", with industry journalists believing the shutdown may be related to the nature of DRM-free strategy, based on Twitter messages from the company. On 22 September 2010, GOG.com revealed that this shutdown was a marketing hoax as part of the site coming out of beta. The site's management, aware of the reactions to the fake closure, stated: "First of all we'd like to apologize to everyone who felt deceived or harmed in any way by the closedown of GOG.com. As a small company we don't have a huge marketing budget and this is why we could not miss a chance to generate some buzz around an event as big as launching a brand new version of our website and even more important, bringing back Baldur's Gate to life!" The site returned on 23 September 2010, with an improved storefront and additional benefits, as outlined during a webcast presentation. During the presentation, GOG.com's co-founder Marcin Iwiński and managing director Guillaume Rambourg had dressed as monks to atone for their sins. The relaunch of the site was considered by Rambourg to have been successful, having brought new customers that were previously unaware of GOG.com. As promised after its relaunch, GOG.com was able to offer several Black Isle Studios games such as Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment and Icewind Dale which have previously been unreleased through any download service due to legal issues about the ownership of Dungeons & Dragons-related games between Atari, Hasbro, and other companies. On 27 March 2012, Good Old Games announced that it was branching out to feature "AAA" and independent titles in addition to older games. The site was rebranded to GOG.com. OS X and Linux support In October 2012, GOG.com was announced to be bringing DRM-free games to OS X. This included the previously Steam exclusive (OS X version) The Witcher and The Witcher 2, both made by CD Projekt Red. GOG.com gathered user feedback in a community wishlist, and one of the most demanded feature requests was support for native Linux games, which gathered close to 15,000 votes before it was marked as "in progress". Originally GOG.com representatives said, that there are technical and operational issues which make it harder than it seems, however it's something they would love to do, and they have been looking at. On 18 March 2014, GOG.com officially announced that they would be adding support for Linux, initially targeting Ubuntu and Linux Mint in the fall of 2014. On 25 July 2014, Linux support was released early, and 50 games were released compatible with the operating system. Several of the launch titles included games that were newly compatible with Linux, while most of the games already supported downloads made for the operating system on other distribution platforms. Expansion to DRM-free video On 27 August 2014 GOG.com announced the launch of the new addition to their service – distribution of DRM-free films. GOG.com offers DRM-free downloading in mp4 format and streaming of video in standard and DRM-free HTML fashion which doesn't bind users to any specific platforms or devices. The movies are made available in Full HD 1080p, 720p and 576p for limited bandwidth or download quotas; however, a few titles do not have the Full HD 1080p format available. GOG.com started by adding 21 documentaries about Internet culture and gaming. They also have plans for adding fiction films and series; according to GOG.com's managing director Guillaume Rambourg, they were in talks with many major studios. While studios' representatives liked the idea, they also were reluctant to let go of their current DRM approach until some other major studio would make the first step. Still GOG.com plan to work on overcoming the initial reluctance and moving DRM-free video forward. Policies On 9 December 2013, GOG.com introduced a money-back guarantee for the first 30 days if customers face unresolvable technical problems with a bought game. On 26 February 2020, GOG extended this policy to offer a full refund up to 30 days after purchasing a product, even if it was downloaded, launched, and played. Beginning 2 April 2015, GOG.com began to offer DRM-free downloads to holders of game keys from boxed copies of select games whose DRM validation systems no longer operate; examples are the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series and the Master of Orion series. Over $1,700,000 of retail game purchases had been redeemed through this system by November 2017. FCK DRM Initiative In August 2018, GOG created an anti-digital rights management program called "FCK DRM". The homepage of the initiative offers links to the websites of Defective by Design, the EFF, Bandcamp, itch.io, Wikisource, Project Gutenberg and other projects that promote free culture. Layoffs and end of the Fair Price Package In February 2019, GOG announced layoffs and the end of its Fair Price Package program. When a game was purchased in a region with higher prices than most others, this program would provide the purchaser with store credit equal to the difference in price. Some insider sources in GOG told Kotaku that GOG was "dangerously close to being in the red" and that the market's move toward higher developer revenue shares would affect the company's profitability. Collaboration with Nvidia On 19 November 2020, Nvidia and GOG announced a collaboration that allows GOG.com users to launch Cyberpunk 2077 through the cloud gaming service GeForce Now. Both companies announced they also expect to support The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt in the future and that they "have more news coming soon". Approach GOG.com works to offer older games as well as new releases to users, with the product lacking any type of digital rights management to give consumers the ability to install the game anywhere and as many times as they want. Prior to any development work to bring an older game for use on modern computers, legal experts within GOG.com need to track down all ownership rights to games and make sure that all necessary parties agree to their redistribution. This can be difficult for many games of the late 1990s and early 2000s, where very few publishers and developers kept digital records of their legal documentation, and there were large numbers of acquisitions and dissolutions that make tracking down rights difficult and take years to complete. One difficult case was acquiring the rights for the Strategic Simulations "Gold Box" series games, due to the number of acquisitions that Strategic Simulations went through since the 1990s. GOG.com offers users a means to request back-catalog games they would like to see, and the company uses this list to identify games that may require more extensive licensing research. Some of this work has been done in coordination with Nightdive Studios, who were able to find and acquire the rights to System Shock 2, one of the most requested games at GOG.com for years, and have since found and relicensed other older games thought lost to licensing issues. In order to ensure compatibility with newer versions of operating systems and current PC hardware, games are pre-patched and restored by GOG.com. Whenever possible, GOG.com attempts to acquire the game's original source code, which can prove as difficult as determining the legal rights to games. From this, they can work to make the game compatible with modern and future hardware, directly apply compatibility fixes, and sometimes incorporate well-established community-made patches from a game's fan-community. They also will seek external help with some of the code issues, approaching developers that may have previously worked on the title for assistance. They may also need to reverse engineer the game's code if it is not available. In cases where it is impossible to recode the game, they will instead package the game with open-source emulation or compatibility software, such as ScummVM and DOSBox For newer titles, particularly for indie games, GOG.com offers the ability to publish their games on the site starting 2013. GOG.com offers indie developers a typical 70/30 split on revenue (meaning GOG.com takes 30% of the sale), as well as an option for an upfront payment to the developer, with GOG.com then taking 40% of the sales until the upfront payment has been covered, reverting the cost back to 30%. Such games are still distributed DRM-free. Publishing agreements On 26 March 2009, GOG.com announced it had signed a deal with Ubisoft to publish games from their back catalogue; this was the first deal with a major publisher to offer DRM-free downloads. The deal to publish through GOG.com also included games that were not available through any other online distribution channel. On 5 September 2014, GOG.com started to sell Amiga games from Cinemaware's catalogue, starting with Defender of the Crown. This was technically made possible through Cinemaware's own written emulator called "Rocklobster". On 28 October 2014, GOG.com was able to secure another major publisher as a DRM-free partner, Disney Interactive / LucasArts. With this new partnership, GOG.com began to re-release several often-requested game titles from LucasArts, starting with six titles (Star Wars: X-Wing, Star Wars: TIE Fighter, Sam & Max Hit the Road, The Secret of Monkey Island: Special Edition, Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic). On 5 May 2015, GOG.com released Pacific General and Fantasy General and named itself, GOG Ltd, as the publisher. The company revealed that it had acquired the copyright to these titles and that it intends to acquire more in the future. On 26 August 2015, Bethesda Softworks joined GOG.com with classic titles as id Software's Doom and Quake, Fallout (which had been sold on GOG by Interplay before the rights changed hands), and also some classic Elder Scrolls titles. In March 2019, Blizzard Entertainment joined GOG.com with classic titles Diablo, Warcraft: Orcs & Humans and Warcraft II: Battle.net Edition, with Diablo: Hellfire joining later on 5 June 2019. On 25 September 2020, GOG.com announced the comeback of three Metal Gear titles (Metal Gear, Metal Gear Solid and Metal Gear Solid 2: Substance) as well as the Konami Collector's Series: Castlevania & Contra from KONAMI. On 8 September 2021, GOG brought 6 classic Star Trek titles back and updated them to work on modern operating systems. According to the Management Board report on the activities of the CD PROJEKT Group in 1H 2021, the GOG.com catalog of products as of 1 September 2021 numbers over 5200 items. However, the business expansion didn't bring enough revenues to cover the rising costs - between January 2021 and September 2021, GOG lost $1.14 million. Due to poor financial performance GOG.com management announced the plan to scale down, focusing on "a handpicked selection of games" and moving staff to other projects within CD Projekt. Features The offered digital goods (video games and movies) can be purchased and downloaded online and they are distributed without digital rights management. The prices of products typically range from about $5 to $10 for older games, along with special offers in sales held several times a week. Some newer titles have a higher price. GOG.com's digital products can also be given to other persons via redeemable gift certificates. The user does not have to install special client software to download or run the games, although a download manager, which is due to be phased out, and the GOG Galaxy client, which is currently in beta, are available. After downloading, the customer is free to use the software for any personal use like installing on multiple devices, archiving on any personal storage media for unlimited time, modding and patching; with the restriction that reselling and sharing is not permitted. The software installers are technically independent of the customer's GOG.com account, although still subject to GOG.com's EULA, where a "licensed, not sold" formulation is used. The "licensed, not sold" model frequently raises questions of ownership of digital goods. In the European Union, the European Court of Justice held that a copyright holder cannot oppose the resale of a digitally sold software, in accordance with the rule of copyright exhaustion on first sale as ownership is transferred, and questions therefore the "licensed, not sold" EULA. Along with the games, customers are also able to download numerous extra materials relating to the game they purchased. Often these extras include the game's soundtrack (partly as FLAC), wallpapers, avatars, and manuals. GOG.com also offers full customer support for all purchases and a money-back guarantee for the first 30 days. Promotions are organized regularly. The style of these promotions varies from a discount for products that are bought in bundles, to thematic competitions like riddles, "guess a game from a picture" contests or "best time on a specific level". Also, GOG.com gives away promotion codes for a game with review contests. GOG Galaxy In the CD Projekt Red company update in June 2014, GOG.com announced that it would be bringing a Steam-like client, GOG Galaxy, to Windows, Mac, and Linux platforms. The client is designed as a storefront, software delivery, and social network client, allowing players to buy and play games from GOG.com and share them with friends. GOG Galaxy also includes an original multiplayer API, allowing developers to include the same kind of multiplayer functionality in GOG.com versions of games as on Steam. The client is optional and retains the DRM-free objective of the GOG.com website. On 15 October 2014 the open multiplayer beta of the GOG Galaxy client was started, accompanied by the giveaway of Alien vs Predator. In July 2015 the GOG Galaxy beta client was reviewed favorably by the PC Gamer magazine, especially noting the focus on user respect in comparison to Steam. On 22 March 2017, the client added in cloud saves for 29 games from its catalog. GOG Galaxy is currently available for Microsoft Windows and macOS, with a Linux version formerly marked as planned on the Galaxy subpage but stated to not be a priority. As of the Galaxy 2.0 revamp of the subpage, any mention of future Linux support has been removed from the FAQ. In May 2019, GOG announced plans for GOG Galaxy 2.0, which it aims to be a unified game launcher not only for GOG titles, but from other services such as Steam, Origin, UPlay, Epic Games Store, and including console systems through Xbox and PlayStation networks. It has an open API, so users can also create additional plug-ins for it. At E3 2019, GOG affirmed that Microsoft was an official partner, which will allow GOG Galaxy 2.0 to have strong incorporation with Xbox and Xbox Game Pass titles. The new client entered a closed beta period in June 2019, and open beta in December 2019. On 20 July 2020, GOG announced official integration with the Epic Games Store for GOG Galaxy 2.0. GOG Connect Revealed in June 2016, GOG Connect enables users with both GOG.com and Steam accounts to claim certain games they already own on Steam as part of their GOG.com library, allowing them to download the DRM-free version and other bonus items for that game offered by GOG.com. Not all such games are part of this offer, as it requires GOG.com to work with the game publishers to enable this. Further, the time to claim such games will be limited, though once a user has claimed their game on GOG.com, it otherwise remains in their library indefinitely. GOG discontinued GOG Connect in January 2023 as the service had been effectively inactive for several years with no new titles offered for connection. Market share As GOG.com does not typically release absolute game selling numbers, market share considerations of GOG.com among the digital distributors are a challenge. But, sometimes an individual game developer releases their internal statistics about the selling performance on different game distribution channels for their specific game. In an article dated 11 November 2011, PC Gamer reported statistics for online sales of The Witcher 2. According to PC Gamer: Direct2Drive, Impulse and GamersGate's combined sales were a total of 10,000 (4%), GOG.com sold 40,000 copies (16%), while Steam sold in the same time period 200,000 copies (80%). On 20 February 2013, Defender's Quest developer Lars Doucet revealed the first three months of revenue following his game's release across 6 different digital distribution platforms, including 4 major digital game distributors and 2 methods of purchasing and downloading the game directly from the developer. The results showed that GOG.com generated 8.5% of the revenue – second only to Steam's 58.6% among the digital distribution platforms used. Doucet noted that "for the major [digital game distributors], GOG's star is clearly rising. Even under direct competition, GOG generated 14.5 percent as much revenue as Steam. [...] Steam enjoys a captive market of ardent loyalists, but GOG is swiftly becoming an attractive alternative and gaining loyalists of its own, especially in the anti-DRM crowd." , GOG.com had seen 690,000 units of CD Projekt Red's game The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt redeemed through the service, more than the second largest digital seller Steam (approx. 580,000 units) and all other PC digital distribution services combined. At the beginning of 2021, it was announced that GOG.com was responsible for around 10% of the total PC sales of Cyberpunk 2077. In terms of pre-orders, GOG.com accounted for one-third of early PC pre-orders. Controversy Issues over release of Devotion Devotion from the Taiwanese studio Red Candle Games had previously been removed from digital storefronts in early 2019 after it was found the game included content critical of Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and faced numerous complaints from Chinese gamers. Red Candle Games apologized and stated they would remove the content, but had not been able to bring the game back. In December, Red Candle and GOG had announced that GOG would offer Devotion later that month, but within a few hours of the announcement, GOG reversed its decision, stating that they reconsidered this "after receiving many messages from gamers". The move was met with criticism and accusations of censorship. Hitman (2016) release On 17 September 2021, Game of the Year edition of Hitman was released on the storefront, which was met with a big backlash from store's users, as the game, while could be played offline, still required an online connection to have most of its content, e.g. rankings, unlocked, even though the game's page stated that no activation or online connection was required. GOG later issued a statement saying that they "will not tolerate review-bombing and will be removing posts that do not follow our review-guidelines", which was also met with a negative feedback. As a result, the game had a rating of 1.4 stars out of 5 possible, making it the lowest rated game in GOG and the lowest rated entry in the series. On 8 October, the game was removed, followed by the announcement from staff team, saying that they "shouldn't have released it in its current form". References External links Internet properties established in 2008 Online-only retailers of video games Online retailers of Poland Video game publishers English-language websites
Microsoft Ignition is a music network operated by Microsoft that spans across Windows PCs, Xbox 360 gaming console and Zune music player. Ignition makes available music and music videos across all supported device types and also can be used for promotion of musical artists. References Microsoft Zune Xbox 360 software
Graeme Robert McDougall (born 21 November 1946) is an Australian politician and businessman. He was a member of the House of Representatives from 1996 to 1998, representing the Queensland seat of Griffith for the Liberal Party. He also served on Brisbane City Council. Early life McDougall was born on 21 November 1946 in Taree, New South Wales. He holds an associate diploma in business management from East Sydney Technical College. Prior to entering politics he was a senior manager in the plastics industry and later ran a hardware store. Politics McDougall served on the Brisbane City Council from 1988 to 1996. He was chairman of the organising committee for the 1988 FINA World Masters Championships which Brisbane hosted. At the 1993 federal election, McDougall served as chair of the Liberal Party's campaign committee in Queensland. He was elected to the House of Representatives at the 1996 election, winning the seat of Griffith for the Liberals. Although the retiring Labor MP, Ben Humphreys, had held it without serious difficulty since 1977, the recent redistribution had cut Labor's majority almost in half, to a somewhat marginal four percent. Additionally, Labor was very unpopular in Queensland. McDougall defeated Labor candidate Kevin Rudd on the eighth count, largely due to getting a large flow of National preferences on the seventh count. Labor was cut down to only two seats in the state, its worst showing there since 1975. Rudd, who would later go on to become leader of the Australian Labor Party and eventually prime minister, successfully re-contested Griffith in the 1998 election. References 1946 births Living people Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Griffith Queensland local councillors 20th-century Australian politicians
Nedap (N.V. Nederlandsche Apparatenfabriek; ) is a Dutch multinational technology company. Its principal place of business is Groenlo, Netherlands. It has subsidiaries in the United States, Belgium, France, Germany, UK, the Netherlands and Spain, and is listed on the Euronext exchange. The company develops and supplies technologies in the fields of people & vehicle identification, access control systems, farm automation, Radio-frequency identification (RFID) systems for loss prevention and stock management, and software for management, healthcare and flextime working. Nedap's activities are organized in the following Market Groups: Healthcare, Light Controls, Identification Systems, Livestock Management, Retail, Security Management and Staffing Solutions. History and Shareholders Nedap was established in 1929 and has been listed on the Euronext stock exchange since 1947. As of 2022, the company has over 800 employees and is active around the world. According to Nedap's annual report for 2021, it has the following shareholders: Cross Options Beheer B.V. 14.61% Teslin Participaties Coöperatief U.A. 10.19% Kempen Capital Management N.V. 10.00% NN Group N.V. 9.97% ASR Nederland N.V. 8.20% Decico B.V. 5.01% Nedap N.V. 4.14% Add Value Fund N.V. 3.36% References External links Nedap Website Nedap Healthcare Website Nedap Great Britain Security industry news by Nedap Oost Gelre Technology companies of the Netherlands
Predator 2 is a 1992 second video game adaptation of the film of the same title, developed by Teeny Weeny Games and Krisalis Software and published by Acclaim Entertainment. It was released for the Sega Genesis, Game Gear, and Master System. Reception Diehard GameFan gave the Genesis version of Predator 2 a score of 72%, comparing it to Smash TV with the freedom to move around, but "overall found it to be a little too average from beginning to end." German magazine Play Time gave it a positive review and a score of 77%, but the Game Gear version received a low score of 41% from German magazine Mega Fun. Mega gave the game a negative score of 28%. References External links 1992 video games Action games Predator (franchise) games Master System games Game Gear games Sega Genesis games Single-player video games Video games about police officers Video games developed in the United Kingdom Video games featuring black protagonists Video games scored by Matt Furniss Video games set in 1997 Video games set in Los Angeles Video games with isometric graphics Krisalis Software games Acclaim Entertainment games Perfect Entertainment games
Polly is a 1998 chick lit novel by Freya North about a young Englishwoman—the eponymous Polly. Synopsis As a teacher, Polly takes part in an exchange scheme that brings her to Vermont for a year. There, she fits in quite nicely and starts an affair with one of her male colleagues although she has left a boyfriend behind in London. In the end they are able to sort out their differences and make up. Reception Wales on Sunday called Polly "a fresh and witty follow-up to...Sally and Chloe", and the Stirling Observer described the novel as "lighthearted" and a good way to "pass the time on a long journey". Canada's National Post, on the other hand, called it "foul", summarizing the storytelling as "Enid Blyton, but with sex". In November 1998 Polly reached #3 on The Guardians original paperback fiction bestseller list. In 1999, the Scottish Daily Record reported that film rights for the novel had been sold for an undisclosed amount. Editions Polly was first published by W. Heinemann in 1998. In 2001, translations were published in German, Czech, Dutch and Hungarian. In 2005, the Royal National Institute of Blind People published an audio version narrated by Juliet Prague. In 2012, the novel was reissued by HarperCollins in print and e-book formats. References 1998 British novels Chick lit novels Novels set in Vermont Arrow Books books
OpenCity is a free and open-source software 3D city-building game started in 2003 by France-based Vietnamese programmer Duong-Khang Nguyen. The game mechanics are similar to Simcity, although the game developers do not strive to make it a direct Simcity clone. Gameplay In the game, the player builds a city by marking land as commercial, industrial or residential zones. Those zones depend on each other to grow. The player is also required to supply the city with power and connect the different zones by building roads. Origins and development OpenCity is the product of programmer Duong-Khang Nguyen and 3D artist Frédéric Rodrigo. Nguyen was inspired by the open source game FreeReign; when he realized that the FreeReign project was abandoned and the source code was not in the condition to be improved, he began development on his own city-building simulator. The work in project started in 2003 with the registration on SourceForge. OpenCity is Free and open-source software due to the licensing as GPLv2. Contributions to the game came from the game's community in form of translation and quality testing. OpenCity is built on cross platform libraries and APIs like Simple DirectMedia Library and OpenGL, which allows porting to various OSes and platforms, like Windows, OS X and many Linux distributions. Latest stable release branch is 0.0.62 with updates from 2011, while the unstable development branch 0.0.7 has updates until 2015. Reception OpenCity achieved a broad spread as free and open-source and freeware video game, and was downloaded directly from SourceForge between 2003 and May 2017 over 190,000 times according to the SF download statistic. OpenCity was also directly integrated in many Linux distributions: Fedora, Debian, Arch Linux, SuSE, Slackware, Ubuntu, Pardus, Frugalware. OpenCity has been reviewed as "well made 3D remake" of SimCity by Chip.de in 2013. Gallery See also List of open source games Lincity SimCity Simutrans References External links OpenCity homepage OpenCity tutorial 2009 video games Business simulation games Open-source video games City-building games Linux games Free software programmed in C++ Video games developed in France
Jungo Connectivity is an Israeli software company that specializes in driver monitoring system (DMS) software and device driver development. History Jungo Connectivity was founded in 2013 as an automotive software divestiture from Cisco Systems. Jungo Connectivity CEO and founder is Ophir Herbst. On July 28, 2021, Jungo completed an initial public offering on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, traded under the ticker JNGO. References External links Software companies established in 1998 Software companies of Israel Companies based in Netanya 1998 establishments in Israel
Pattern search may refer to: Pattern search (optimization) Pattern recognition (computing) Pattern recognition (psychology) Pattern mining String searching algorithm Fuzzy string searching Bitap algorithm K-optimal pattern discovery Nearest neighbor search Eyeball search
General-purpose modeling (GPM) is the systematic use of a general-purpose modeling language to represent the various facets of an object or a system. Examples of GPM languages are: The Unified Modeling Language (UML), an industry standard for modeling software-intensive systems EXPRESS, a data modeling language for product data, standardized as ISO 10303-11 IDEF, a group of languages from the 1970s that aimed to be neutral, generic and reusable Gellish, an industry standard natural language oriented modeling language for storage and exchange of data and knowledge, published in 2005 XML, a data modeling language now beginning to be used to model code (MetaL, Microsoft .Net ) GPM languages are in contrast with domain-specific modeling languages (DSMs). See also Model-driven engineering (MDE) Specification languages Modeling languages
, or Futaba for short, also sometimes called 2chan (not to be confused with 2channel), is a Japanese imageboard. Users of the website can upload pictures and discuss a wide variety of topics, from daily personal problems to sports, ramen, and otaku and underground culture. Origin Futaba Channel was set up on August 30, 2001, as a refuge for 2channel users when 2channel was in danger of shutting down. It started as a textboard but eventually added imageboards based on the GazouBBS software. This would later become inspiration for the English-language imageboard 4chan website, which was based on Futaba. Concept Futaba Channel consists of about 60 imageboards (three of which are boards) and about 40 textboards, with topics ranging from daily personal problems to food, sports, ramen, and pornography. There are also two places to upload general non-image files. Futaba is powered by a custom script based on GazouBBS (, from , , meaning "image"). The Futaba script was open source (last updated in 2005) and its ancestors are used to run many Japanese and English imageboards. Culture Futaba has spawned a number of visual gags and characters, some of which have spread to western internet culture such as the OS-tans meme. Several characters that appear on Futaba Channel have appeared in the real world in the form of various real-life goods, such as figures, dolls or images printed on pillows. Such items are mainly produced by Japanese dōjin artists and groups. Non-Japanese Internet users sometimes refer to Futaba Channel as 2chan, due to the URL of the site. This frequently leads to confusion as it is unclear if the term is intended to mean Futaba Channel or 2channel, and sometimes it even refers to both, as if they were a single website. Features del Function Since September 27, 2008, a function to report a post that violates the forum's rules and to request its deletion was added to each board of Futaba channel. It consists of a hyperlink with the text "del" that appears in the upper right corner of the thread; clicking on it opens the "Form for deletion request" page, where the type of reported content can be specified. Reasons for reporting a thread include usage of indecent pictures, child pornography, doxxing, slander, intimidation, spamming, harassment, etc. In response to these reports, administrators of the site can proceed to delete the offending image, reply or the entire thread, as well as blocking access to it. If the offense is deemed severe enough, there's a possibility for the IP of the poster to be displayed publicly. In these cases the IP is displayed using red numbers; these posters became known then as . According to comments from the administrators, there are also cases where the information of the person who initiated the report is saved. In addition, a function was added to all ID-less boards on July 2013 where, upon the number of deletion requests exceeding a certain threshold, the ID of an otherwise anonymous poster is revealed forcibly. Thread isolation On some boards, when the number of reports of a thread surpasses a certain number, they disappear from the normal catalog and become "isolated". The isolated threads can then only be accessible through its corresponding URL. In the past, the threads were moved to a special board called where they could be accessed through the site's homepage. See also 2channel 4chan Shift JIS art References External links Futaba Channel English navigator at Blue Three (last updated 2014) Internet forums Imageboards Japanese websites Internet properties established in 2001 2001 establishments in Japan
In spaceflight, a path-constrained rendezvous is the process of moving an orbiting object from its current position to a desired position and velocity, in such a way that no obstacles are contacted along the way. It is a more constrained instance of the general problem of orbital rendezvous. When no obstacles need consideration, the problem of rendezvous is straightforward, and many efficient algorithms are available to plan the necessary maneuvers. Depending on the desired time taken to accomplish the rendezvous, there are an infinite number of possible rendezvous paths. The presence of obstacles posing a collision risk complicates the problem. The shortest-time or lowest-energy rendezvous might be made infeasible by obstacles, so a path requiring more time or more energy would have to be employed. For instance, if the purpose is to rescue an astronaut in distress on the far side of a large space station, speed is important. One may have to find quickly the rescue path requiring minimal time to execute, yet avoiding contact with the space station structure. A natural object of study is the problem of maneuvering in the vicinity of a large orbiting sphere, since a collision with a more complex structure can be avoided by selecting rendezvous paths that avoid contact with a virtual sphere enclosing the structure. Early research considered the problem of departure and arrival points lying on the surface of an orbiting sphere. This led to a pair of necessary conditions called the Tangential Departure and Tangential Arrival conditions. See also Space rendezvous Selected publications Stern, S. A. and Soileau, K. M., "Operational Implications for Path-Constrained Rendezvous," Proceedings of the AIAA Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference, Snowmass, CO, August 19–21, 1985, pp. 812–820. Soileau, K. M. and Stern, S. A., "Path-Constrained Rendezvous: Necessary and Sufficient Conditions," Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 23, September–October 1986, pp. 492–498. Stern, S. A. and Soileau, K. M., "Inadequacy of Single-Impulse Transfers for Path-Constrained Rendezvous," Journal of Spacecraft and Rockets, Vol. 24, May–June 1987, pp. 282–284. Soileau, Kerry M., "Defining Optimal Point-to-Point Transfer Surfaces for Orbital Path-Constrained Rendezvous," Proceedings of the AAS/NASA International Symposium, Greenbelt, MD, April 24–27, 1989, pp. 103–107. A.J. Grunwald, A. Abramovitz, S.R. Ellis. Interactive method for planning fuel-efficient proximity operations using visual optimization aids. 1995 IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man and Cybernetics. Intelligent Systems for the 21st Century, 2318–2323. Der-Ren Taur, Victoria Coverstone-Carroll, John E. Prussing. (1995) Optimal Impulsive Time-Fixed Orbital Rendezvous and Interception with Path Constraints. Journal of Guidance, Control, and Dynamics 18:1, 54-60 Ismael Lopez, Colin R. McInnes. (1995) Autonomous rendezvous using artificial potential function guidance. Journal of Guidance, Control, and Dynamics 18:2, 237-241 Russel S. Wenzel, John E. Prussing. (1996) Preliminary study of optimal thrust-limited path-constrained maneuvers. Journal of Guidance, Control, and Dynamics 19:6, 1303-1309 Astrodynamics Orbits
The Super Show was the first Asia-wide live concert tour by South Korean boy band, Super Junior. The tour commenced five months after the release of the group's second studio album, Don't Don. The concert covers most songs from the group's first two studio albums, including their hit single, "U," and also subgroup hits from Super Junior-K.R.Y., Super Junior-T, and Super Junior-M. The tour kicked off with three stops in South Korea and expanded its routes to Thailand and China. History The Super Show Tour is the first Asia-wide concert tour by Super Junior since their debut in November 2005. The tour was first announced in January, four months after the release of their second studio album, Don't Don. 13,000 tickets for the concert in Seoul, South Korea were placed for auction online on January 22, 2008. As soon as the auction began at 5:00 PM, over 120,000 fans simultaneously loaded onto the site and crashed the server. As soon as the server was back in commission, all 13,000 tickets were sold out in 18 minutes. A second ticket auction occurred on January 28 at 8:00 PM for the remaining seats and was just as successful. Due to the success of the sales, the organizers decided to add an extra show on February 22, and the corresponding tickets were all sold out in five minutes. The tour reached Bangkok, Thailand on July 12, 2008, and Shanghai on November 22, 2008. A portion of the tickets for Shanghai's concert were scalped for over ¥7 thousand. Two encore concerts were held in Seoul on the first weekend of January 2009 and two weeks later, the concert was held in Nanjing, China. Super Junior became the first Korean artist to hold a solo concert in Nanjing, having their tickets being scalped for ¥6 thousand. The Super Show Tour also broke the record for being the first concert ever in China to have a "standing" stage. Super Show was also expected to tour Hong Kong, Taipei (Taiwan), and Tokyo (Japan), but due to schedule conflicts, the tour was unable to go to those cities. The last stop for Super Show was in Chengdu (China)in March 2009. The live Super Show Tour Concert Album was released on May 19, 2008, in South Korea and the DVD was released on October 1, 2008, selling over 15,000 copies domestically. Opening acts and special appearances Zhang Liyin was the opening act for the last Super Show concert in Chengdu on March 7, 2009, singing "I Will" and "The Left Shore of Happiness." X-Mas of TRAX was also the guest performer of the last Super Show, playing the guitar for Heechul's solo performance, "Crazy." Super Junior-M member Henry performed the violin bridge of "Don't Don" of every show, and along with Zhou Mi, performed with the rest of Super Junior-M in the China tour stops. Set list Tour dates Personnel Super Junior – performers SM Entertainment – organizers DREAM MAKER ENTERCOM, CREAZONE – promoters True Music (Thailand) – overseas organizers Live album Super Show - Super Junior The 1st Asia Tour Concert Album is the first live album of South Korean boy band Super Junior. It was released on May 19, 2008, by SM Entertainment. The songs in this album are direct recordings from their concerts at the Olympic Fencing Gymnasium in Seoul, South Korea from February 22 to 24, the first stop of their Super Show. It was also released in Taiwan by Avex Taiwan on June 27, 2008. It debuted at number one on Taiwan's G-Music Weekly G-Music J-Pop/K-Pop Chart with a percentage sales of 27.58%. Track listing Charts References External links Super Junior Official Site 2008 concert tours 2009 concert tours Super Junior concert tours
In a Windows network, NT (New Technology) LAN Manager (NTLM) is a suite of Microsoft security protocols intended to provide authentication, integrity, and confidentiality to users. NTLM is the successor to the authentication protocol in Microsoft LAN Manager (LANMAN), an older Microsoft product. The NTLM protocol suite is implemented in a Security Support Provider, which combines the LAN Manager authentication protocol, NTLMv1, NTLMv2 and NTLM2 Session protocols in a single package. Whether these protocols are used or can be used on a system which is governed by Group Policy settings, for which different versions of Windows have different default settings. NTLM passwords are considered weak because they can be brute-forced very easily with modern hardware. Protocol NTLM is a challenge–response authentication protocol which uses three messages to authenticate a client in a connection-oriented environment (connectionless is similar), and a fourth additional message if integrity is desired. First, the client establishes a network path to the server and sends a NEGOTIATE_MESSAGE advertising its capabilities. Next, the server responds with CHALLENGE_MESSAGE which is used to establish the identity of the client. Finally, the client responds to the challenge with an AUTHENTICATE_MESSAGE. The NTLM protocol uses one or both of two hashed password values, both of which are also stored on the server (or domain controller), and which through a lack of salting are password equivalent, meaning that if you grab the hash value from the server, you can authenticate without knowing the actual password. The two are the LM hash (a DES-based function applied to the first 14 characters of the password converted to the traditional 8-bit PC charset for the language), and the NT hash (MD4 of the little endian UTF-16 Unicode password). Both hash values are 16 bytes (128 bits) each. The NTLM protocol also uses one of two one-way functions, depending on the NTLM version; NT LanMan and NTLM version 1 use the DES-based LanMan one-way function (LMOWF), while NTLMv2 uses the NT MD4 based one-way function (NTOWF). NTLMv1 The server authenticates the client by sending an 8-byte random number, the challenge. The client performs an operation involving the challenge and a secret shared between client and server, specifically one of the two password hashes described above. The client returns the 24-byte result of the computation. In fact, in NTLMv1 the computations are usually made using both hashes and both 24-byte results are sent. The server verifies that the client has computed the correct result, and from this infers possession of the secret, and hence the authenticity of the client. Both the hashes produce 16-byte quantities. Five bytes of zeros are appended to obtain 21 bytes. The 21 bytes are separated in three 7-byte (56-bit) quantities. Each of these 56-bit quantities is used as a key to DES encrypt the 64-bit challenge. The three encryptions of the challenge are reunited to form the 24-byte response. Both the response using the LM hash and the NT hash are returned as the response, but this is configurable. C = 8-byte server challenge, random K1 | K2 | K3 = NTLM-Hash | 5-bytes-0 response = DES(K1,C) | DES(K2,C) | DES(K3,C) NTLMv2 NTLMv2, introduced in Windows NT 4.0 SP4 (and natively supported in Windows 2000), is a challenge-response authentication protocol. It is intended as a cryptographically strengthened replacement for NTLMv1, enhancing NTLM security by hardening the protocol against many spoofing attacks and adding the ability for a server to authenticate to the client. NTLMv2 sends two responses to an 8-byte server challenge. Each response contains a 16-byte HMAC-MD5 hash of the server challenge, a fully/partially randomly generated client challenge, and an HMAC-MD5 hash of the user's password and other identifying information. The two responses differ in the format of the client challenge. The shorter response uses an 8-byte random value for this challenge. In order to verify the response, the server must receive as part of the response the client challenge. For this shorter response, the 8-byte client challenge appended to the 16-byte response makes a 24-byte package which is consistent with the 24-byte response format of the previous NTLMv1 protocol. In certain non-official documentation (e.g. DCE/RPC Over SMB, Leighton) this response is termed LMv2. The second response sent by NTLMv2 uses a variable-length client challenge which includes (1) the current time in NT Time format, (2) an 8-byte random value (CC2 in the box below), (3) the domain name and (4) some standard format stuff. The response must include a copy of this client challenge, and is therefore variable length. In non-official documentation, this response is termed NTv2. Both LMv2 and NTv2 hash the client and server challenge with the NT hash of the user's password and other identifying information. The exact formula is to begin with the NT hash, which is stored in the SAM or AD, and continue to hash in, using HMAC-MD5, the username and domain name. In the box below, X stands for the fixed contents of a formatting field. SC = 8-byte server challenge, random CC = 8-byte client challenge, random CC* = (X, time, CC2, domain name) v2-Hash = HMAC-MD5(NT-Hash, user name, domain name) LMv2 = HMAC-MD5(v2-Hash, SC, CC) NTv2 = HMAC-MD5(v2-Hash, SC, CC*) response = LMv2 | CC | NTv2 | CC* NTLM2 Session The NTLM2 Session protocol is similar to MS-CHAPv2. It consists of authentication from NTLMv1 combined with session security from NTLMv2. Briefly, the NTLMv1 algorithm is applied, except that an 8-byte client challenge is appended to the 8-byte server challenge and MD5-hashed. The least 8-byte half of the hash result is the challenge utilized in the NTLMv1 protocol. The client challenge is returned in one 24-byte slot of the response message, the 24-byte calculated response is returned in the other slot. This is a strengthened form of NTLMv1 which maintains the ability to use existing Domain Controller infrastructure yet avoids a dictionary attack by a rogue server. For a fixed X, the server computes a table where location Y has value K such that Y=DES_K(X). Without the client participating in the choice of challenge, the server can send X, look up response Y in the table and get K. This attack can be made practical by using rainbow tables. However, existing NTLMv1 infrastructure allows that the challenge/response pair is not verified by the server, but sent to a Domain Controller for verification. Using NTLM2 Session, this infrastructure continues to work if the server substitutes for the challenge the hash of the server and client challenges. NTLMv1 Client<-Server: SC Client->Server: H(P,SC) Server->DomCntl: H(P,SC), SC Server<-DomCntl: yes or no NTLM2 Session Client<-Server: SC Client->Server: H(P,H'(SC,CC)), CC Server->DomCntl: H(P,H'(SC,CC)), H'(SC,CC) Server<-DomCntl: yes or no Availability and use of NTLM Since 2010, Microsoft no longer recommends NTLM in applications: Implementers should be aware that NTLM does not support any recent cryptographic methods, such as AES or SHA-256. It uses cyclic redundancy checks (CRC) or MD5 for integrity, and RC4 for encryption. Deriving a key from a password is as specified in RFC1320 and FIPS46-2. Therefore, applications are generally advised not to use NTLM. Despite these recommendations, NTLM is still widely deployed on systems. A major reason is to maintain compatibility with older systems. However, it can be avoided in some circumstances. Microsoft has added the NTLM hash to its implementation of the Kerberos protocol to improve interoperability (in particular, the RC4-HMAC encryption type). According to an independent researcher, this design decision allows Domain Controllers to be tricked into issuing an attacker with a Kerberos ticket if the NTLM hash is known. Microsoft adopted Kerberos as the preferred authentication protocol for Windows 2000 and subsequent Active Directory domains. Kerberos is typically used when a server belongs to a Windows Server domain. Microsoft recommends developers neither to use Kerberos nor the NTLM Security Support Provider (SSP) directly. Your application should not access the NTLM security package directly; instead, it should use the Negotiate security package. Negotiate allows your application to take advantage of more advanced security protocols if they are supported by the systems involved in the authentication. Currently, the Negotiate security package selects between Kerberos and NTLM. Negotiate selects Kerberos unless it cannot be used by one of the systems involved in the authentication. Use of the NTLM Security Support Provider The NTLM SSP is used in the following situations: The client is authenticating to a server that doesn't belong to a domain or no Active Directory domain exists (commonly referred to as "workgroup" or "peer-to-peer") The server must have the "password-protected sharing" feature enabled, which is not enabled by default and which is mutually exclusive with HomeGroup on some versions of Windows. When server and client both belong to the same HomeGroup, a protocol similar to Kerberos, Public Key Cryptography based User to User Authentication will be used instead of NTLM. HomeGroup is probably the easiest way to share resources on a small network, requiring minimal setup, even compared to configuring a few additional users to be able to use password-protected sharing, which may mean it is used much more than password-protected sharing on small networks and home networks. If the server is a device that supports SMB, such as NAS devices and network printers, the NTLM SSP may offer the only supported authentication method. Some implementations of SMB or older distributions of e.g. Samba may cause Windows to negotiate NTLMv1 or even LM for outbound authentication with the SMB server, allowing the device to work although it may be loaded with outdated, insecure software regardless of whether it were a new device. If the server is a member of a domain but Kerberos cannot be used. The client is authenticating to a server using an IP address (and no reverse name resolution is available) The client is authenticating to a server that belongs to a different Active Directory forest that has a legacy NTLM trust instead of a transitive inter-forest trust Where a firewall would otherwise restrict the ports required by Kerberos (typically TCP 88) Use of protocol versions After it has been decided either by the application developer or by the Negotiate SSP that the NTLM SSP be used for authentication, Group Policy dictates the ability to use each of the protocols that the NTLM SSP implements. There are five authentication levels. Send LM & NTLM responses: Clients use LM and NTLM authentication, and never use NTLMv2 session security; DCs accept LM, NTLM, and NTLMv2 authentication. Send LM & NTLM - use NTLMv2 session security if negotiated: Clients use LM and NTLM authentication, and use NTLMv2 session security if server supports it; DCs accept LM, NTLM, and NTLMv2 authentication. Send NTLM response only: Clients use NTLM authentication only, and use NTLMv2 session security if server supports it; DCs accept LM, NTLM, and NTLMv2 authentication. Send NTLMv2 response only: Clients use NTLMv2 authentication only, and use NTLMv2 session security if server supports it; DCs accept LM, NTLM, and NTLMv2 authentication. Send NTLMv2 response only\refuse LM: Clients use NTLMv2 authentication only, and use NTLMv2 session security if server supports it; DCs refuse LM (accept only NTLM and NTLMv2 authentication). Send NTLMv2 response only\refuse LM & NTLM: Clients use NTLMv2 authentication only, and use NTLMv2 session security if server supports it; DCs refuse LM and NTLM (accept only NTLMv2 authentication). DC would mean Domain Controller, but use of that term is confusing. Any computer acting as server and authenticating a user fulfills the role of DC in this context, for example a Windows computer with a local account such as Administrator when that account is used during a network logon. Prior to Windows NT 4.0 Service Pack 4, the SSP would negotiate NTLMv1 and fall back to LM if the other machine did not support it. Starting with Windows NT 4.0 Service Pack 4, the SSP would negotiate NTLMv2 Session whenever both client and server would support it. Up to and including Windows XP, this used either 40- or 56-bit encryption on non-U.S. computers, since the United States had severe restrictions on the export of encryption technology at the time. Starting with Windows XP SP3, 128-bit encryption could be added by installing an update and on Windows 7, 128-bit encryption would be the default. In Windows Vista and above, LM has been disabled for inbound authentication. Windows NT-based operating systems up through and including Windows Server 2003 store two password hashes, the LAN Manager (LM) hash and the Windows NT hash. Starting in Windows Vista, the capability to store both is there, but one is turned off by default. This means that LM authentication no longer works if the computer running Windows Vista acts as the server. Prior versions of Windows (back as far as Windows NT 4.0 Service Pack 4) could be configured to behave this way, but it was not the default. Weakness and vulnerabilities NTLM remains vulnerable to the pass the hash attack, which is a variant on the reflection attack which was addressed by Microsoft security update MS08-068. For example, Metasploit can be used in many cases to obtain credentials from one machine which can be used to gain control of another machine. The Squirtle toolkit can be used to leverage web site cross-site scripting attacks into attacks on nearby assets via NTLM. In February 2010, Amplia Security discovered several flaws in the Windows implementation of the NTLM authentication mechanism which broke the security of the protocol allowing attackers to gain read/write access to files and remote code execution. One of the attacks presented included the ability to predict pseudo-random numbers and challenges/responses generated by the protocol. These flaws had been present in all versions of Windows for 17 years. The security advisory explaining these issues included fully working proof-of-concept exploits. All these flaws were fixed by MS10-012. In 2012, it was demonstrated that every possible 8-character NTLM password hash permutation can be cracked in under 6 hours. In 2019, this time was reduced to roughly 2.5 hours by using more modern hardware. Also, Rainbow tables are available for eight- and nine-character NTLM passwords. Shorter passwords can be recovered by brute force methods. In 2019, EvilMog published a tool called the ntlmv1-multitool to format NTLMv1 challenge responses in a hashcat compatible cracking format. With hashcat and sufficient GPU power the NTLM hash can be derived using a known plaintext attack by cracking the DES keys with hashcat mode 14000 as demonstrated by atom on the hashcat forums. Note that the password-equivalent hashes used in pass-the-hash attacks and password cracking must first be "stolen" (such as by compromising a system with permissions sufficient to access hashes). Also, these hashes are not the same as the NTLMSSP_AUTH "hash" transmitted over the network during a conventional NTLM authentication. Compatibility with Linux NTLM implementations for Linux include Cntlm and winbind (part of Samba) allow Linux applications to use NTLM proxies. FreeBSD also supports storing passwords via Crypt (C) in the insecure NT-Hash form. See also LAN Manager NTLMSSP Integrated Windows Authentication Kerberos References External links Online NTLM hash crack using Rainbow tables NT LAN Manager (NTLM) Authentication Protocol Specification Cntlm – NTLM, NTLMSR, NTLMv2 Authentication Proxy and Accelerator Personal HTTP(S) and SOCKS5 proxy for NTLM-unaware applications (Windows/Linux/UNIX) The NTLM Authentication Protocol and Security Support Provider A detailed analysis of the NTLM protocol. MSDN article explaining the protocol and that it has been renamed MSDN page on NTLM authentication Libntlm – a free implementation. NTLM Authorization Proxy Server software that allows users to authenticate via an MS Proxy Server. Installing NTLM authentication – NTLM set-up instructions for Samba and Midgard on Linux NTLM version 2 (NTLMv2) and the LMCompatibilityLevel setting that governs it Jespa – Java Active Directory Integration Full NTLM security service provider with server-side NETLOGON validation (commercial but free up to 25 users) EasySSO - NTML Authenticator for JIRA NTLM Authenticator utilising Jespa library to provide IWA for Atlassian products. ntlmv2-auth NTLMv2 API and Servlet Filter for Java A ntlm message generator tool WAFFLE – Java/C# Windows Authentication Framework objectif-securite (Rainbow tables for ophcrack) Px for Windows - An HTTP proxy server to automatically authenticate through an NTLM proxy Microsoft Windows security technology Computer network security Computer access control protocols
Pivot Animator (formerly Pivot Stickfigure Animator and usually shortened to Pivot) is a freeware application that allows users to create stick-figure and sprite animations, and save them in the animated GIF format for use on web pages and the AVI format (in Pivot Animator 3 and later). Pivot provides a simple, easy to use interface with a few features. It uses fixed-length 'sticks' to ensure size consistency during animation. Development and history First release The first version of Pivot Animator had several software bugs. Stick figures were limited to one type of stick figure, the default stick figure. Animations could be saved in the PIV (Pivot Project File) or exported as Animated .GIFs (Graphics Interchangeable Format). Users were given few options of image optimization, compression or resizing when saving their animation. This was one of the first animation programs available on the computer. Pivot 2.2 The second major release of the Pivot Stickfigure Animator. This version implemented the 'Stick Figure Builder', which allowed users to create their own stick figure designs saved in the STK format. This allowed a much wider scope of animation choice for Pivot users. It also fixed a few minor bugs, added the buttons to the main interface to bring a stick figure in front or behind other figures, and could automatically check to make sure the user didn't lose any unsaved projects. Pivot 3.1 Beta This release was sent intentionally to the Pivot Animation groups for testing but the Beta was leaked from various unofficial sources to the general public. There was an improved interface, with new icons, a better default stickman with a thicker body, and a reorganization of the features. New features included the ability to import any image into the animation. Another added feature was the ability to have multiple backgrounds in an animation. When a user saves a .piv file, the frame rate is saved with it. Pivot 4.1 Pivot 4.1 beta was released on January 2, 2013, with new features including: Figure opacity Extended canvas area Multi-select and edit figures Stretch segments using the Ctrl key Rotate/scale figures using the Alt key Image based figure and background selector Split a segment into 2 in the figure builder Copy and paste frames Improved Gif export options and quality Avi video export Join figures tool Png support for sprites and backgrounds Keyboard shortcuts Multiple languages and the ability to create your own translation Multiple frame onion skins (0-9) Undo / redo Image preview of Stk files when loading figures Pivot Animator 4.1.10 was released as the "stable" version of 4.1 and is still the latest non-beta version so far (as of October 2015). Pivot 4.2 was announced on December 23, 2014 followed by a beta release on January 1, 2015. New features include copying and pasting selected stick figures and sprites, a transparent figure builder window, and the ability to export images in the Scalable Vector Graphics format. Pivot 5.1 Pivot 5.1 beta was released in July 2021, with several new features including: Frame inbetweening Bendy line segments Canvas zoom Virtual camera Colour and Gradient backgrounds Text tool Multiple colours and sprites per figure Much higher segment limit per figure (30,000) Polyfill tool Segment colour gradients Figure outlines Ability to modify existing figure types Status bar info at bottom of main window Animated PNG export WMV, WEBM, MP4 and lossless FFV1 video export STK figure file preview in Windows Explorer Faster and smoother graphics using the gpu Pivot Animator 5 requires Windows 10 and a GPU. See also List of 2D animation software References External links Pivot Animation Forum TheDarkDemon Forum (once recognized as the largest pivot forum, currently the most decrepit) Animation software Portable software 1994 software
The Antilles Episcopal Conference (AEC) is a Roman Catholic episcopal conference. Its members are bishops and archbishops from current and former British, Dutch, and French colonies and dependencies in the Caribbean (excluding Haiti), Central America, and northern South America. The conference's membership includes five archdioceses, fourteen dioceses, and two missions sui iuris. These particular Churches minister to Catholics in thirteen independent nations, six British Overseas Territories, three departments of France, three countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and 3 municipalities of the Netherlands proper. The bishop from an American insular area, the United States Virgin Islands, has been granted observer status. The episcopal conference is led by a president, who must be a diocesan ordinary and is elected by the membership of the conference for a three-year term. The conference also elects a vice president, who has the same qualifications as the president, and a treasurer, who can be a diocesan ordinary, a coadjutor bishop, or an auxiliary bishop. Additionally, a permanent board — consisting of the president, vice president, treasurer, the metropolitan archbishops and two other elected members — handles administrative issues between plenary meetings of the conference. The president of the conference is currently Gabriel Malzaire, Bishop of Roseau, while the vice president is Charles Jason Gordon, Archbishop of Port of Spain. The Holy See appoints an apostolic delegate to the Antilles Episcopal Conference, who also serves as the Apostolic nuncio (papal ambassador) to the independent nations of the conference. The nunciature is located in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago. The current apostolic delegate is Archbishop Fortunatus Nwachukwu, who replaced Archbishop Nicola Girasoli after he was appointed as Apostolic Nuncio to Peru. Member jurisdictions See also List of Catholic dioceses (structured view) Caribbean Conference of Churches References Sources and external links Antilles Episcopal Conference GCatholic Antilles Catholic Church in South America Catholic Church in the Caribbean
Microsoft Research Songsmith is a musical accompaniment application for Microsoft Windows, launched in early 2009. Songsmith immediately generates a musical accompaniment after a voice is recorded. The user can adjust tempo, genre (such as pop, R&B, hip-hop, rock, jazz, or reggae), and overall mood (e.g. to make it happy, sad, jazzy, etc.). The software was developed by a team at Microsoft Research, led by researchers Dan Morris and Sumit Basu. The product began as a research project called MySong, conducted at Microsoft Research in collaboration with a University of Washington student, Ian Simon, in the summer of 2007. Songsmith is the second commercial project from Microsoft's Microsoft Research, after AutoCollage. Morris and Basu starred in an infomercial that became a viral video. The video was featured on the Australian ABC TV program The Gruen Transfer as a competitor for the Worst Ad Ever. The release of the software spawned an internet meme where the vocal tracks of popular songs are fed into the program. References External links Microsoft Research Songsmith Songsmith Computer music software Software synthesizers
Project KickStart is desktop project management software by Experience in Software, Inc. in Berkeley, California. The program uses a wizard-like interface for project planning. History The original Project KickStart for DOS was released in 1992. The product far outsold Experience in Software's other titles, and in 1995 Project KickStart for Windows was released. Versions 2, 3, 4 and 5 (all for Windows) followed. Since 2008, the company sells Project KickStart Standard 5 and Project KickStart Pro 5. Software Project KickStart's wizard prompts users to identify phases, goals, obstacles and personnel assignments for projects and uses a calendar to produce a Gantt chart that features the project's phases and the goals, tasks and assignments for each. KickStart's project files can be exported into Microsoft's Project, Outlook, Word, Excel or PowerPoint, as well as ACT!, Milestones Professional, MindManager and WBS Chart. References External links Official Website Project management software 1992 software Projects established in 1992
Adiabatic quantum computation (AQC) is a form of quantum computing which relies on the adiabatic theorem to perform calculations and is closely related to quantum annealing. Description First, a (potentially complicated) Hamiltonian is found whose ground state describes the solution to the problem of interest. Next, a system with a simple Hamiltonian is prepared and initialized to the ground state. Finally, the simple Hamiltonian is adiabatically evolved to the desired complicated Hamiltonian. By the adiabatic theorem, the system remains in the ground state, so at the end, the state of the system describes the solution to the problem. Adiabatic quantum computing has been shown to be polynomially equivalent to conventional quantum computing in the circuit model. The time complexity for an adiabatic algorithm is the time taken to complete the adiabatic evolution which is dependent on the gap in the energy eigenvalues (spectral gap) of the Hamiltonian. Specifically, if the system is to be kept in the ground state, the energy gap between the ground state and the first excited state of provides an upper bound on the rate at which the Hamiltonian can be evolved at time When the spectral gap is small, the Hamiltonian has to be evolved slowly. The runtime for the entire algorithm can be bounded by: where is the minimum spectral gap for AQC is a possible method to get around the problem of energy relaxation. Since the quantum system is in the ground state, interference with the outside world cannot make it move to a lower state. If the energy of the outside world (that is, the "temperature of the bath") is kept lower than the energy gap between the ground state and the next higher energy state, the system has a proportionally lower probability of going to a higher energy state. Thus the system can stay in a single system eigenstate as long as needed. Universality results in the adiabatic model are tied to quantum complexity and QMA-hard problems. The k-local Hamiltonian is QMA-complete for k ≥ 2. QMA-hardness results are known for physically realistic lattice models of qubits such as where represent the Pauli matrices Such models are used for universal adiabatic quantum computation. The Hamiltonians for the QMA-complete problem can also be restricted to act on a two dimensional grid of qubits or a line of quantum particles with 12 states per particle. If such models were found to be physically realizable, they too could be used to form the building blocks of a universal adiabatic quantum computer. In practice, there are problems during a computation. As the Hamiltonian is gradually changed, the interesting parts (quantum behavior as opposed to classical) occur when multiple qubits are close to a tipping point. It is exactly at this point when the ground state (one set of qubit orientations) gets very close to a first energy state (a different arrangement of orientations). Adding a slight amount of energy (from the external bath, or as a result of slowly changing the Hamiltonian) could take the system out of the ground state, and ruin the calculation. Trying to perform the calculation more quickly increases the external energy; scaling the number of qubits makes the energy gap at the tipping points smaller. Adiabatic quantum computation in satisfiability problems Adiabatic quantum computation solves satisfiability problems and other combinatorial search problems. Specifically, these kind of problems seek a state that satisfies . This expression contains the satisfiability of M clauses, for which clause has the value True or False, and can involve n bits. Each bit is a variable such that is a Boolean value function of . QAA solves this kind of problem using quantum adiabatic evolution. It starts with an Initial Hamiltonian : where shows the Hamiltonian corresponding to the clause . Usually, the choice of won't depend on different clauses, so only the total number of times each bit is involved in all clauses matters. Next, it goes through an adiabatic evolution, ending in the Problem Hamiltonian : where is the satisfying Hamiltonian of clause C. It has eigenvalues: For a simple path of adiabatic evolution with run time T, consider: and let . This results in: , which is the adiabatic evolution Hamiltonian of the algorithm. In accordance with the adiabatic theorem, start from the ground state of Hamiltonian at the beginning, proceed through an adiabatic process, and end in the ground state of problem Hamiltonian . Then measure the z-component of each of the n spins in the final state. This will produce a string which is highly likely to be the result of the satisfiability problem. The run time T must be sufficiently long to assure correctness of the result. According to the adiabatic theorem, T is about , where is the minimum energy gap between ground state and first excited state. Comparison to gate-based quantum computing Adiabatic quantum computing is equivalent in power to standard gate-based quantum computing that implements arbitrary unitary operations. However, the mapping challenge on gate-based quantum devices differs substantially from quantum annealers as logical variables are mapped only to single qubits and not to chains. D-Wave quantum processors The D-Wave One is a device made by Canadian company D-Wave Systems, which claims that it uses quantum annealing to solve optimization problems. On 25 May 2011, Lockheed-Martin purchased a D-Wave One for about US$10 million. In May 2013, Google purchased a 512 qubit D-Wave Two. The question of whether the D-Wave processors offer a speedup over a classical processor is still unanswered. Tests performed by researchers at Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab (NASA), USC, ETH Zurich, and Google show that as of 2015, there is no evidence of a quantum advantage. Notes Quantum mechanics
SKOAR! is an Indian magazine, website, and community dedicated to video games. It is a part of 9.9 Mediaworx and was started in 2003 as a bi-monthly publication by Jasubhai Digital Media (JDM) Pvt. Ltd. History and profile SKOAR! was launched in 2003 as a sister publication to Digit in order to cater to more hardcore gamers. The tagline of SKOAR! was "... when it's done". SKOAR!'''s tagline was changed to "India's only gaming magazine" as of 2010 (which may or may not be true as a statement in itself). Publishing of SKOAR! as a magazine was stopped in 2011, and it was made into a gaming section inside its sister publication Digit and an occasional supplement in some of Digit's special issues. In 2014 SKOAR! was relaunched as a digital e-magazine that was given away with every issue of Digit in the form of a SKOAR! DVD. The e-magazine was an interactive PDF that was provided on the DVD, which also contains other gaming software such as full games, game demos, videos that are of interest to gamers, wallpapers, and more.SKOAR! was re-instated as a print supplement with Digit in November 2014, and continues to this day (as of their April 2015 issue). The SKOAR! website was relaunched on 4 April 2015, and apart from PC and console gaming, also covers mobile gaming extensively. SectionsSKOAR!' features "sections dealing with PC as well as console games. The games are rated on the basis of visual appeal, sound, gameplay and mojo factor and employ a horizontal bar with a maximum rating of 10. ExpoSKOAR!'' has been arranging gaming expos in metropolitans of India. On 30 January 2008 it has conducted 4 expos. The first expo was held in Mumbai, the second one in Bangalore and a third one was held in January 2007 in Delhi. The fourth expo was conducted in Mumbai at MMRDA grounds, Bandra Kurla Complex for spend three days (25 to 27 January 2008). References External links Official website 2003 establishments in India 9.9 Media Products English-language magazines published in India English-language video game magazines Computer magazines published in India Magazines established in 2003 Bi-monthly magazines published in India
Arbortext Advanced Print Publisher (APP, formerly Advent 3B2) is commercial typesetting software application sold by Parametric Technology Corporation. The software contains an automated publishing engine that can manually or automatically produce Postscript and PDF documents with complex page layouts. Entry level pricing through specialized resellers starts between $4,000 and $10,000 USD. Starting with release 12.0.0.0, APP has been rebranded as Arbortext Layout Developer. History Mid-1980s: Swindon-based company Advent Publishing Systems creates 3B2, a desktop publishing application. 3B2 gained a reputation as a challenger for QuarkXPress, but was soon eclipsed by that product in the DTP world and itself evolved into the high end automation market. The name 3B2 comes from the business park in Swindon (UK) where Advent had its offices at the time. Early 2000s: Advent integrates more XML technologies into 3B2, allowing users to associate formatting with XML hierarchies. In 2003 Printing World magazine reported that Springer-Verlag was planning to implement an automated page production process. Dr. Patrick Thibor of Springer was quoted as saying "we believe that 3B2 is the only tool available for automated page make up and will enable us to meet our goal of totally automatic production of pages". As of 2019, Springer Nature (including BMC) was still using it. 2004: Advent Publishing Systems is purchased by Arbortext to provide a more powerful alternative to that product's existing FOSI/TeX engine. 2005: Arbortext purchased by PTC to provide technical documentation capabilities in its product lifecycle management tools. 2009: Integration with the existing Arbortext suite of products released with APP Version 10 and Arbortext 6.0 2011: APP Engine becomes default print and PDF engine for all Arbortext products. 2011: APP Version 11.0 F000 released. 2015: APP Version 11.1 F000 released. 2017: APP Version 11.2 F000 released. 2019: APP Version 12.0.0.0 released. Uses APP has traditionally been used for a number of specific typesetting tasks. Scientific, technical and medical journal publishing, particularly in India. APP's automation, SGML/XML handling and mathematics formatting mean this complex layout task can be automated Financial typesetting, particularly generation of EDGAR reports for Securities and Exchange Commission filings Government reports such as Hansard, daily journals and other reports. Technologies APP supports processing of marked-up text such as SGML, XML and HTML natively, using a JavaScript based Formatting Object Model API and/or its own proprietary scripting languages and established technologies such as Perl, XPath and Unicode. Its rules-based engine allows the stylesheet builder to automate demanding page make-up tasks and run them in a 'lights out' server mode. APP applies text and page formatting properties with any chevron delimited mark-up such as SGML or XML or non well formed markup. APP 'templates' are stylesheets that comprise page layouts, text formatting styles and scripting. Scripting is used to automate and apply conditions to the publishing process. Traditionally this was done using 'macros', which are low-level system commands. In later versions a JavaScript FOM API was introduced which can be used as automation scripting and powerful inline conditional processing. When using XML, a template can employ XPath or match-statement contexts to specify the exact conditions to which style is applied through the parser. Such conditions can also be configured for SGML and other tagged data using proprietary tools called showstrings. Principal outputs are PostScript and PDF, although APP also provides a number of alternative output drivers. APP provides a WYSIWYG view of pages in the Desktop version, which can be used to manipulate pages after automated composition, or to build templates. Notes and references Typesetting software
A computer network is a set of computers sharing resources located on or provided by network nodes. Computers use common communication protocols over digital interconnections to communicate with each other. These interconnections are made up of telecommunication network technologies based on physically wired, optical, and wireless radio-frequency methods that may be arranged in a variety of network topologies. The nodes of a computer network can include personal computers, servers, networking hardware, or other specialized or general-purpose hosts. They are identified by network addresses and may have hostnames. Hostnames serve as memorable labels for the nodes and are rarely changed after initial assignment. Network addresses serve for locating and identifying the nodes by communication protocols such as the Internet Protocol. Computer networks may be classified by many criteria, including the transmission medium used to carry signals, bandwidth, communications protocols to organize network traffic, the network size, the topology, traffic control mechanisms, and organizational intent. Computer networks support many applications and services, such as access to the World Wide Web, digital video and audio, shared use of application and storage servers, printers and fax machines, and use of email and instant messaging applications. History Computer networking may be considered a branch of computer science, computer engineering, and telecommunications, since it relies on the theoretical and practical application of the related disciplines. Computer networking was influenced by a wide array of technology developments and historical milestones. In the late 1950s, a network of computers was built for the U.S. military Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) radar system using the Bell 101 modem. It was the first commercial modem for computers, released by AT&T Corporation in 1958. The modem allowed digital data to be transmitted over regular unconditioned telephone lines at a speed of 110 bits per second (bit/s). In 1959, Christopher Strachey filed a patent application for time-sharing and John McCarthy initiated the first project to implement time-sharing of user programs at MIT. Stratchey passed the concept on to J. C. R. Licklider at the inaugural UNESCO Information Processing Conference in Paris that year. McCarthy was instrumental in the creation of three of the earliest time-sharing systems (the Compatible Time-Sharing System in 1961, the BBN Time-Sharing System in 1962, and the Dartmouth Time Sharing System in 1963). In 1959, Anatoly Kitov proposed to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union a detailed plan for the re-organisation of the control of the Soviet armed forces and of the Soviet economy on the basis of a network of computing centres. Kitov's proposal was rejected, as later was the 1962 OGAS economy management network project. In 1960, the commercial airline reservation system semi-automatic business research environment (SABRE) went online with two connected mainframes. In 1963, J. C. R. Licklider sent a memorandum to office colleagues discussing the concept of the "Intergalactic Computer Network", a computer network intended to allow general communications among computer users. Throughout the 1960s, Paul Baran and Donald Davies independently developed the concept of packet switching to transfer information between computers over a network. Davies pioneered the implementation of the concept. The NPL network, a local area network at the National Physical Laboratory (United Kingdom) used a line speed of 768 kbit/s and later high-speed T1 links (1.544 Mbit/s line rate). In 1965, Western Electric introduced the first widely used telephone switch that implemented computer control in the switching fabric. In 1969, the first four nodes of the ARPANET were connected using 50 kbit/s circuits between the University of California at Los Angeles, the Stanford Research Institute, the University of California at Santa Barbara, and the University of Utah. In the early 1970s, Leonard Kleinrock carried out mathematical work to model the performance of packet-switched networks, which underpinned the development of the ARPANET. His theoretical work on hierarchical routing in the late 1970s with student Farouk Kamoun remains critical to the operation of the Internet today. In 1972, commercial services were first deployed on public data networks in Europe, which began using X.25 in the late 1970s and spread across the globe. The underlying infrastructure was used for expanding TCP/IP networks in the 1980s. In 1973, the French CYCLADES network, directed by Louis Pouzin was the first to make the hosts responsible for the reliable delivery of data, rather than this being a centralized service of the network itself. In 1973, Peter Kirstein put internetworking into practice at University College London (UCL), connecting the ARPANET to British academic networks, the first international heterogeneous computer network. In 1973, Robert Metcalfe wrote a formal memo at Xerox PARC describing Ethernet, a networking system that was based on the Aloha network, developed in the 1960s by Norman Abramson and colleagues at the University of Hawaii. In July 1976, Robert Metcalfe and David Boggs published their paper "Ethernet: Distributed Packet Switching for Local Computer Networks" and collaborated on several patents received in 1977 and 1978. In 1974, Vint Cerf, Yogen Dalal, and Carl Sunshine published the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) specification, , coining the term Internet as a shorthand for internetworking. In 1976, John Murphy of Datapoint Corporation created ARCNET, a token-passing network first used to share storage devices. In 1977, the first long-distance fiber network was deployed by GTE in Long Beach, California. In 1977, Xerox Network Systems (XNS) was developed by Robert Metcalfe and Yogen Dalal at Xerox. In 1979, Robert Metcalfe pursued making Ethernet an open standard. In 1980, Ethernet was upgraded from the original 2.94 Mbit/s protocol to the 10 Mbit/s protocol, which was developed by Ron Crane, Bob Garner, Roy Ogus, and Yogen Dalal. In 1995, the transmission speed capacity for Ethernet increased from 10 Mbit/s to 100 Mbit/s. By 1998, Ethernet supported transmission speeds of 1 Gbit/s. Subsequently, higher speeds of up to 400 Gbit/s were added (). The scaling of Ethernet has been a contributing factor to its continued use. Use Computer networks extend interpersonal communications by electronic means with various technologies, such as email, instant messaging, online chat, voice and video telephone calls, and video conferencing. A network allows sharing of network and computing resources. Users may access and use resources provided by devices on the network, such as printing a document on a shared network printer or use of a shared storage device. A network allows sharing of files, data, and other types of information giving authorized users the ability to access information stored on other computers on the network. Distributed computing uses computing resources across a network to accomplish tasks. Network packet Most modern computer networks use protocols based on packet-mode transmission. A network packet is a formatted unit of data carried by a packet-switched network. Packets consist of two types of data: control information and user data (payload). The control information provides data the network needs to deliver the user data, for example, source and destination network addresses, error detection codes, and sequencing information. Typically, control information is found in packet headers and trailers, with payload data in between. With packets, the bandwidth of the transmission medium can be better shared among users than if the network were circuit switched. When one user is not sending packets, the link can be filled with packets from other users, and so the cost can be shared, with relatively little interference, provided the link is not overused. Often the route a packet needs to take through a network is not immediately available. In that case, the packet is queued and waits until a link is free. The physical link technologies of packet networks typically limit the size of packets to a certain maximum transmission unit (MTU). A longer message may be fragmented before it is transferred and once the packets arrive, they are reassembled to construct the original message. Network topology The physical or geographic locations of network nodes and links generally have relatively little effect on a network, but the topology of interconnections of a network can significantly affect its throughput and reliability. With many technologies, such as bus or star networks, a single failure can cause the network to fail entirely. In general, the more interconnections there are, the more robust the network is; but the more expensive it is to install. Therefore, most network diagrams are arranged by their network topology which is the map of logical interconnections of network hosts. Common topologies are: Bus network: all nodes are connected to a common medium along this medium. This was the layout used in the original Ethernet, called 10BASE5 and 10BASE2. This is still a common topology on the data link layer, although modern physical layer variants use point-to-point links instead, forming a star or a tree. Star network: all nodes are connected to a special central node. This is the typical layout found in a small switched Ethernet LAN, where each client connects to a central network switch, and logically in a wireless LAN, where each wireless client associates with the central wireless access point. Ring network: each node is connected to its left and right neighbor node, such that all nodes are connected and that each node can reach each other node by traversing nodes left- or rightwards. Token ring networks, and the Fiber Distributed Data Interface (FDDI), made use of such a topology. Mesh network: each node is connected to an arbitrary number of neighbors in such a way that there is at least one traversal from any node to any other. Fully connected network: each node is connected to every other node in the network. Tree network: nodes are arranged hierarchically. This is the natural topology for a larger Ethernet network with multiple switches and without redundant meshing. The physical layout of the nodes in a network may not necessarily reflect the network topology. As an example, with FDDI, the network topology is a ring, but the physical topology is often a star, because all neighboring connections can be routed via a central physical location. Physical layout is not completely irrelevant, however, as common ducting and equipment locations can represent single points of failure due to issues like fires, power failures and flooding. Overlay network An overlay network is a virtual network that is built on top of another network. Nodes in the overlay network are connected by virtual or logical links. Each link corresponds to a path, perhaps through many physical links, in the underlying network. The topology of the overlay network may (and often does) differ from that of the underlying one. For example, many peer-to-peer networks are overlay networks. They are organized as nodes of a virtual system of links that run on top of the Internet. Overlay networks have been around since the invention of networking when computer systems were connected over telephone lines using modems before any data network existed. The most striking example of an overlay network is the Internet itself. The Internet itself was initially built as an overlay on the telephone network. Even today, each Internet node can communicate with virtually any other through an underlying mesh of sub-networks of wildly different topologies and technologies. Address resolution and routing are the means that allow mapping of a fully connected IP overlay network to its underlying network. Another example of an overlay network is a distributed hash table, which maps keys to nodes in the network. In this case, the underlying network is an IP network, and the overlay network is a table (actually a map) indexed by keys. Overlay networks have also been proposed as a way to improve Internet routing, such as through quality of service guarantees achieve higher-quality streaming media. Previous proposals such as IntServ, DiffServ, and IP multicast have not seen wide acceptance largely because they require modification of all routers in the network. On the other hand, an overlay network can be incrementally deployed on end-hosts running the overlay protocol software, without cooperation from Internet service providers. The overlay network has no control over how packets are routed in the underlying network between two overlay nodes, but it can control, for example, the sequence of overlay nodes that a message traverses before it reaches its destination. For example, Akamai Technologies manages an overlay network that provides reliable, efficient content delivery (a kind of multicast). Academic research includes end system multicast, resilient routing and quality of service studies, among others. Network links The transmission media (often referred to in the literature as the physical medium) used to link devices to form a computer network include electrical cable, optical fiber, and free space. In the OSI model, the software to handle the media is defined at layers 1 and 2 — the physical layer and the data link layer. A widely adopted family that uses copper and fiber media in local area network (LAN) technology are collectively known as Ethernet. The media and protocol standards that enable communication between networked devices over Ethernet are defined by IEEE 802.3. Wireless LAN standards use radio waves, others use infrared signals as a transmission medium. Power line communication uses a building's power cabling to transmit data. Wired The following classes of wired technologies are used in computer networking. Coaxial cable is widely used for cable television systems, office buildings, and other work-sites for local area networks. Transmission speed ranges from 200 million bits per second to more than 500 million bits per second. ITU-T G.hn technology uses existing home wiring (coaxial cable, phone lines and power lines) to create a high-speed local area network. Twisted pair cabling is used for wired Ethernet and other standards. It typically consists of 4 pairs of copper cabling that can be utilized for both voice and data transmission. The use of two wires twisted together helps to reduce crosstalk and electromagnetic induction. The transmission speed ranges from 2 Mbit/s to 10 Gbit/s. Twisted pair cabling comes in two forms: unshielded twisted pair (UTP) and shielded twisted-pair (STP). Each form comes in several category ratings, designed for use in various scenarios. An optical fiber is a glass fiber. It carries pulses of light that represent data via lasers and optical amplifiers. Some advantages of optical fibers over metal wires are very low transmission loss and immunity to electrical interference. Using dense wave division multiplexing, optical fibers can simultaneously carry multiple streams of data on different wavelengths of light, which greatly increases the rate that data can be sent to up to trillions of bits per second. Optic fibers can be used for long runs of cable carrying very high data rates, and are used for undersea communications cables to interconnect continents. There are two basic types of fiber optics, single-mode optical fiber (SMF) and multi-mode optical fiber (MMF). Single-mode fiber has the advantage of being able to sustain a coherent signal for dozens or even a hundred kilometers. Multimode fiber is cheaper to terminate but is limited to a few hundred or even only a few dozens of meters, depending on the data rate and cable grade. Wireless Network connections can be established wirelessly using radio or other electromagnetic means of communication. Terrestrial microwave – Terrestrial microwave communication uses Earth-based transmitters and receivers resembling satellite dishes. Terrestrial microwaves are in the low gigahertz range, which limits all communications to line-of-sight. Relay stations are spaced approximately apart. Communications satellites – Satellites also communicate via microwave. The satellites are stationed in space, typically in geosynchronous orbit above the equator. These Earth-orbiting systems are capable of receiving and relaying voice, data, and TV signals. Cellular networks use several radio communications technologies. The systems divide the region covered into multiple geographic areas. Each area is served by a low-power transceiver. Radio and spread spectrum technologies – Wireless LANs use a high-frequency radio technology similar to digital cellular. Wireless LANs use spread spectrum technology to enable communication between multiple devices in a limited area. IEEE 802.11 defines a common flavor of open-standards wireless radio-wave technology known as Wi-Fi. Free-space optical communication uses visible or invisible light for communications. In most cases, line-of-sight propagation is used, which limits the physical positioning of communicating devices. Extending the Internet to interplanetary dimensions via radio waves and optical means, the Interplanetary Internet. IP over Avian Carriers was a humorous April fool's Request for Comments, issued as . It was implemented in real life in 2001. The last two cases have a large round-trip delay time, which gives slow two-way communication but does not prevent sending large amounts of information (they can have high throughput). Network nodes Apart from any physical transmission media, networks are built from additional basic system building blocks, such as network interface controllers, repeaters, hubs, bridges, switches, routers, modems, and firewalls. Any particular piece of equipment will frequently contain multiple building blocks and so may perform multiple functions. Network interfaces A network interface controller (NIC) is computer hardware that connects the computer to the network media and has the ability to process low-level network information. For example, the NIC may have a connector for accepting a cable, or an aerial for wireless transmission and reception, and the associated circuitry. In Ethernet networks, each NIC has a unique Media Access Control (MAC) address—usually stored in the controller's permanent memory. To avoid address conflicts between network devices, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) maintains and administers MAC address uniqueness. The size of an Ethernet MAC address is six octets. The three most significant octets are reserved to identify NIC manufacturers. These manufacturers, using only their assigned prefixes, uniquely assign the three least-significant octets of every Ethernet interface they produce. Repeaters and hubs A repeater is an electronic device that receives a network signal, cleans it of unnecessary noise and regenerates it. The signal is retransmitted at a higher power level, or to the other side of obstruction so that the signal can cover longer distances without degradation. In most twisted-pair Ethernet configurations, repeaters are required for cable that runs longer than 100 meters. With fiber optics, repeaters can be tens or even hundreds of kilometers apart. Repeaters work on the physical layer of the OSI model but still require a small amount of time to regenerate the signal. This can cause a propagation delay that affects network performance and may affect proper function. As a result, many network architectures limit the number of repeaters used in a network, e.g., the Ethernet 5-4-3 rule. An Ethernet repeater with multiple ports is known as an Ethernet hub. In addition to reconditioning and distributing network signals, a repeater hub assists with collision detection and fault isolation for the network. Hubs and repeaters in LANs have been largely obsoleted by modern network switches. Bridges and switches Network bridges and network switches are distinct from a hub in that they only forward frames to the ports involved in the communication whereas a hub forwards to all ports. Bridges only have two ports but a switch can be thought of as a multi-port bridge. Switches normally have numerous ports, facilitating a star topology for devices, and for cascading additional switches. Bridges and switches operate at the data link layer (layer 2) of the OSI model and bridge traffic between two or more network segments to form a single local network. Both are devices that forward frames of data between ports based on the destination MAC address in each frame. They learn the association of physical ports to MAC addresses by examining the source addresses of received frames and only forward the frame when necessary. If an unknown destination MAC is targeted, the device broadcasts the request to all ports except the source, and discovers the location from the reply. Bridges and switches divide the network's collision domain but maintain a single broadcast domain. Network segmentation through bridging and switching helps break down a large, congested network into an aggregation of smaller, more efficient networks. Routers A router is an internetworking device that forwards packets between networks by processing the addressing or routing information included in the packet. The routing information is often processed in conjunction with the routing table. A router uses its routing table to determine where to forward packets and does not require broadcasting packets which is inefficient for very big networks. Modems Modems (modulator-demodulator) are used to connect network nodes via wire not originally designed for digital network traffic, or for wireless. To do this one or more carrier signals are modulated by the digital signal to produce an analog signal that can be tailored to give the required properties for transmission. Early modems modulated audio signals sent over a standard voice telephone line. Modems are still commonly used for telephone lines, using a digital subscriber line technology and cable television systems using DOCSIS technology. Firewalls A firewall is a network device or software for controlling network security and access rules. Firewalls are inserted in connections between secure internal networks and potentially insecure external networks such as the Internet. Firewalls are typically configured to reject access requests from unrecognized sources while allowing actions from recognized ones. The vital role firewalls play in network security grows in parallel with the constant increase in cyber attacks. Communication protocols A communication protocol is a set of rules for exchanging information over a network. Communication protocols have various characteristics. They may be connection-oriented or connectionless, they may use circuit mode or packet switching, and they may use hierarchical addressing or flat addressing. In a protocol stack, often constructed per the OSI model, communications functions are divided up into protocol layers, where each layer leverages the services of the layer below it until the lowest layer controls the hardware that sends information across the media. The use of protocol layering is ubiquitous across the field of computer networking. An important example of a protocol stack is HTTP (the World Wide Web protocol) running over TCP over IP (the Internet protocols) over IEEE 802.11 (the Wi-Fi protocol). This stack is used between the wireless router and the home user's personal computer when the user is surfing the web. There are many communication protocols, a few of which are described below. Common protocols Internet protocol suite The Internet protocol suite, also called TCP/IP, is the foundation of all modern networking. It offers connection-less and connection-oriented services over an inherently unreliable network traversed by datagram transmission using Internet protocol (IP). At its core, the protocol suite defines the addressing, identification, and routing specifications for Internet Protocol Version 4 (IPv4) and for IPv6, the next generation of the protocol with a much enlarged addressing capability. The Internet protocol suite is the defining set of protocols for the Internet. IEEE 802 IEEE 802 is a family of IEEE standards dealing with local area networks and metropolitan area networks. The complete IEEE 802 protocol suite provides a diverse set of networking capabilities. The protocols have a flat addressing scheme. They operate mostly at layers 1 and 2 of the OSI model. For example, MAC bridging (IEEE 802.1D) deals with the routing of Ethernet packets using a Spanning Tree Protocol. IEEE 802.1Q describes VLANs, and IEEE 802.1X defines a port-based Network Access Control protocol, which forms the basis for the authentication mechanisms used in VLANs (but it is also found in WLANs) – it is what the home user sees when the user has to enter a "wireless access key". Ethernet Ethernet is a family of technologies used in wired LANs. It is described by a set of standards together called IEEE 802.3 published by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers. Wireless LAN Wireless LAN based on the IEEE 802.11 standards, also widely known as WLAN or WiFi, is probably the most well-known member of the IEEE 802 protocol family for home users today. IEEE 802.11 shares many properties with wired Ethernet. SONET/SDH Synchronous optical networking (SONET) and Synchronous Digital Hierarchy (SDH) are standardized multiplexing protocols that transfer multiple digital bit streams over optical fiber using lasers. They were originally designed to transport circuit mode communications from a variety of different sources, primarily to support circuit-switched digital telephony. However, due to its protocol neutrality and transport-oriented features, SONET/SDH also was the obvious choice for transporting Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) frames. Asynchronous Transfer Mode Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) is a switching technique for telecommunication networks. It uses asynchronous time-division multiplexing and encodes data into small, fixed-sized cells. This differs from other protocols such as the Internet protocol suite or Ethernet that use variable-sized packets or frames. ATM has similarities with both circuit and packet switched networking. This makes it a good choice for a network that must handle both traditional high-throughput data traffic, and real-time, low-latency content such as voice and video. ATM uses a connection-oriented model in which a virtual circuit must be established between two endpoints before the actual data exchange begins. ATM still plays a role in the last mile, which is the connection between an Internet service provider and the home user. Cellular standards There are a number of different digital cellular standards, including: Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM), General Packet Radio Service (GPRS), cdmaOne, CDMA2000, Evolution-Data Optimized (EV-DO), Enhanced Data Rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE), Universal Mobile Telecommunications System (UMTS), Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications (DECT), Digital AMPS (IS-136/TDMA), and Integrated Digital Enhanced Network (iDEN). Routing Routing is the process of selecting network paths to carry network traffic. Routing is performed for many kinds of networks, including circuit switching networks and packet switched networks. In packet-switched networks, routing protocols direct packet forwarding through intermediate nodes. Intermediate nodes are typically network hardware devices such as routers, bridges, gateways, firewalls, or switches. General-purpose computers can also forward packets and perform routing, though because they lack specialized hardware, may offer limited performance. The routing process directs forwarding on the basis of routing tables, which maintain a record of the routes to various network destinations. Most routing algorithms use only one network path at a time. Multipath routing techniques enable the use of multiple alternative paths. Routing can be contrasted with bridging in its assumption that network addresses are structured and that similar addresses imply proximity within the network. Structured addresses allow a single routing table entry to represent the route to a group of devices. In large networks, the structured addressing used by routers outperforms unstructured addressing used by bridging. Structured IP addresses are used on the Internet. Unstructured MAC addresses are used for bridging on Ethernet and similar local area networks. Geographic scale Networks may be characterized by many properties or features, such as physical capacity, organizational purpose, user authorization, access rights, and others. Another distinct classification method is that of the physical extent or geographic scale. Nanoscale network A nanoscale network has key components implemented at the nanoscale, including message carriers, and leverages physical principles that differ from macroscale communication mechanisms. Nanoscale communication extends communication to very small sensors and actuators such as those found in biological systems and also tends to operate in environments that would be too harsh for other communication techniques. Personal area network A personal area network (PAN) is a computer network used for communication among computers and different information technological devices close to one person. Some examples of devices that are used in a PAN are personal computers, printers, fax machines, telephones, PDAs, scanners, and video game consoles. A PAN may include wired and wireless devices. The reach of a PAN typically extends to 10 meters. A wired PAN is usually constructed with USB and FireWire connections while technologies such as Bluetooth and infrared communication typically form a wireless PAN. Local area network A local area network (LAN) is a network that connects computers and devices in a limited geographical area such as a home, school, office building, or closely positioned group of buildings. Wired LANs are most commonly based on Ethernet technology. Other networking technologies such as ITU-T G.hn also provide a way to create a wired LAN using existing wiring, such as coaxial cables, telephone lines, and power lines. A LAN can be connected to a wide area network (WAN) using a router. The defining characteristics of a LAN, in contrast to a WAN, include higher data transfer rates, limited geographic range, and lack of reliance on leased lines to provide connectivity. Current Ethernet or other IEEE 802.3 LAN technologies operate at data transfer rates up to and in excess of 100 Gbit/s, standardized by IEEE in 2010. Home area network A home area network (HAN) is a residential LAN used for communication between digital devices typically deployed in the home, usually a small number of personal computers and accessories, such as printers and mobile computing devices. An important function is the sharing of Internet access, often a broadband service through a cable Internet access or digital subscriber line (DSL) provider. Storage area network A storage area network (SAN) is a dedicated network that provides access to consolidated, block-level data storage. SANs are primarily used to make storage devices, such as disk arrays, tape libraries, and optical jukeboxes, accessible to servers so that the storage appears as locally attached devices to the operating system. A SAN typically has its own network of storage devices that are generally not accessible through the local area network by other devices. The cost and complexity of SANs dropped in the early 2000s to levels allowing wider adoption across both enterprise and small to medium-sized business environments. Campus area network A campus area network (CAN) is made up of an interconnection of LANs within a limited geographical area. The networking equipment (switches, routers) and transmission media (optical fiber, Cat5 cabling, etc.) are almost entirely owned by the campus tenant or owner (an enterprise, university, government, etc.). For example, a university campus network is likely to link a variety of campus buildings to connect academic colleges or departments, the library, and student residence halls. Backbone network A backbone network is part of a computer network infrastructure that provides a path for the exchange of information between different LANs or subnetworks. A backbone can tie together diverse networks within the same building, across different buildings, or over a wide area. When designing a network backbone, network performance and network congestion are critical factors to take into account. Normally, the backbone network's capacity is greater than that of the individual networks connected to it. For example, a large company might implement a backbone network to connect departments that are located around the world. The equipment that ties together the departmental networks constitutes the network backbone. Another example of a backbone network is the Internet backbone, which is a massive, global system of fiber-optic cable and optical networking that carry the bulk of data between wide area networks (WANs), metro, regional, national and transoceanic networks. Metropolitan area network A metropolitan area network (MAN) is a large computer network that interconnects users with computer resources in a geographic region of the size of a metropolitan area. Wide area network A wide area network (WAN) is a computer network that covers a large geographic area such as a city, country, or spans even intercontinental distances. A WAN uses a communications channel that combines many types of media such as telephone lines, cables, and airwaves. A WAN often makes use of transmission facilities provided by common carriers, such as telephone companies. WAN technologies generally function at the lower three layers of the OSI model: the physical layer, the data link layer, and the network layer. Enterprise private network An enterprise private network is a network that a single organization builds to interconnect its office locations (e.g., production sites, head offices, remote offices, shops) so they can share computer resources. Virtual private network A virtual private network (VPN) is an overlay network in which some of the links between nodes are carried by open connections or virtual circuits in some larger network (e.g., the Internet) instead of by physical wires. The data link layer protocols of the virtual network are said to be tunneled through the larger network. One common application is secure communications through the public Internet, but a VPN need not have explicit security features, such as authentication or content encryption. VPNs, for example, can be used to separate the traffic of different user communities over an underlying network with strong security features. VPN may have best-effort performance or may have a defined service level agreement (SLA) between the VPN customer and the VPN service provider. Global area network A global area network (GAN) is a network used for supporting mobile users across an arbitrary number of wireless LANs, satellite coverage areas, etc. The key challenge in mobile communications is handing off communications from one local coverage area to the next. In IEEE Project 802, this involves a succession of terrestrial wireless LANs. Organizational scope Networks are typically managed by the organizations that own them. Private enterprise networks may use a combination of intranets and extranets. They may also provide network access to the Internet, which has no single owner and permits virtually unlimited global connectivity. Intranet An intranet is a set of networks that are under the control of a single administrative entity. An intranet typically uses the Internet Protocol and IP-based tools such as web browsers and file transfer applications. The administrative entity limits the use of the intranet to its authorized users. Most commonly, an intranet is the internal LAN of an organization. A large intranet typically has at least one web server to provide users with organizational information. Extranet An extranet is a network that is under the administrative control of a single organization but supports a limited connection to a specific external network. For example, an organization may provide access to some aspects of its intranet to share data with its business partners or customers. These other entities are not necessarily trusted from a security standpoint. The network connection to an extranet is often, but not always, implemented via WAN technology. Internet An internetwork is the connection of multiple different types of computer networks to form a single computer network using higher-layer network protocols and connecting them together using routers. The Internet is the largest example of internetwork. It is a global system of interconnected governmental, academic, corporate, public, and private computer networks. It is based on the networking technologies of the Internet protocol suite. It is the successor of the Advanced Research Projects Agency Network (ARPANET) developed by DARPA of the United States Department of Defense. The Internet utilizes copper communications and an optical networking backbone to enable the World Wide Web (WWW), the Internet of things, video transfer, and a broad range of information services. Participants on the Internet use a diverse array of methods of several hundred documented, and often standardized, protocols compatible with the Internet protocol suite and the IP addressing system administered by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority and address registries. Service providers and large enterprises exchange information about the reachability of their address spaces through the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP), forming a redundant worldwide mesh of transmission paths. Darknet A darknet is an overlay network, typically running on the Internet, that is only accessible through specialized software. It is an anonymizing network where connections are made only between trusted peers — sometimes called friends (F2F) — using non-standard protocols and ports. Darknets are distinct from other distributed peer-to-peer networks as sharing is anonymous (that is, IP addresses are not publicly shared), and therefore users can communicate with little fear of governmental or corporate interference. Network service Network services are applications hosted by servers on a computer network, to provide some functionality for members or users of the network, or to help the network itself to operate. The World Wide Web, E-mail, printing and network file sharing are examples of well-known network services. Network services such as Domain Name System (DNS) give names for IP and MAC addresses (people remember names like nm.lan better than numbers like ), and Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) to ensure that the equipment on the network has a valid IP address. Services are usually based on a service protocol that defines the format and sequencing of messages between clients and servers of that network service. Network performance Bandwidth Bandwidth in bit/s may refer to consumed bandwidth, corresponding to achieved throughput or goodput, i.e., the average rate of successful data transfer through a communication path. The throughput is affected by processes such as bandwidth shaping, bandwidth management, bandwidth throttling, bandwidth cap and bandwidth allocation (using, for example, bandwidth allocation protocol and dynamic bandwidth allocation). Network delay Network delay is a design and performance characteristic of a telecommunications network. It specifies the latency for a bit of data to travel across the network from one communication endpoint to another. Delay may differ slightly, depending on the location of the specific pair of communicating endpoints. Engineers usually report both the maximum and average delay, and they divide the delay into several components, the sum of which is the total delay: Processing delay time it takes a router to process the packet header Queuing delay time the packet spends in routing queues Transmission delay time it takes to push the packet's bits onto the link Propagation delay time for a signal to propagate through the media A certain minimum level of delay is experienced by signals due to the time it takes to transmit a packet serially through a link. This delay is extended by more variable levels of delay due to network congestion. IP network delays can range from less than a microsecond to several hundred milliseconds. Quality of service Depending on the installation requirements, network performance is usually measured by the quality of service of a telecommunications product. The parameters that affect this typically can include throughput, jitter, bit error rate and latency. The following list gives examples of network performance measures for a circuit-switched network and one type of packet-switched network, viz. ATM: Circuit-switched networks: In circuit switched networks, network performance is synonymous with the grade of service. The number of rejected calls is a measure of how well the network is performing under heavy traffic loads. Other types of performance measures can include the level of noise and echo. ATM: In an Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) network, performance can be measured by line rate, quality of service (QoS), data throughput, connect time, stability, technology, modulation technique, and modem enhancements. There are many ways to measure the performance of a network, as each network is different in nature and design. Performance can also be modeled instead of measured. For example, state transition diagrams are often used to model queuing performance in a circuit-switched network. The network planner uses these diagrams to analyze how the network performs in each state, ensuring that the network is optimally designed. Network congestion Network congestion occurs when a link or node is subjected to a greater data load than it is rated for, resulting in a deterioration of its quality of service. When networks are congested and queues become too full, packets have to be discarded, and so networks rely on re-transmission. Typical effects of congestion include queueing delay, packet loss or the blocking of new connections. A consequence of these latter two is that incremental increases in offered load lead either to only a small increase in the network throughput or to a reduction in network throughput. Network protocols that use aggressive retransmissions to compensate for packet loss tend to keep systems in a state of network congestion—even after the initial load is reduced to a level that would not normally induce network congestion. Thus, networks using these protocols can exhibit two stable states under the same level of load. The stable state with low throughput is known as congestive collapse. Modern networks use congestion control, congestion avoidance and traffic control techniques to try to avoid congestion collapse (i.e. endpoints typically slow down or sometimes even stop transmission entirely when the network is congested). These techniques include: exponential backoff in protocols such as 802.11's CSMA/CA and the original Ethernet, window reduction in TCP, and fair queueing in devices such as routers. Another method to avoid the negative effects of network congestion is implementing priority schemes so that some packets are transmitted with higher priority than others. Priority schemes do not solve network congestion by themselves, but they help to alleviate the effects of congestion for some services. An example of this is 802.1p. A third method to avoid network congestion is the explicit allocation of network resources to specific flows. One example of this is the use of Contention-Free Transmission Opportunities (CFTXOPs) in the ITU-T G.hn standard, which provides high-speed (up to 1 Gbit/s) Local area networking over existing home wires (power lines, phone lines and coaxial cables). For the Internet, addresses the subject of congestion control in detail. Network resilience Network resilience is "the ability to provide and maintain an acceptable level of service in the face of faults and challenges to normal operation." Security Computer networks are also used by security hackers to deploy computer viruses or computer worms on devices connected to the network, or to prevent these devices from accessing the network via a denial-of-service attack. Network security Network Security consists of provisions and policies adopted by the network administrator to prevent and monitor unauthorized access, misuse, modification, or denial of the computer network and its network-accessible resources. Network security is the authorization of access to data in a network, which is controlled by the network administrator. Users are assigned an ID and password that allows them access to information and programs within their authority. Network security is used on a variety of computer networks, both public and private, to secure daily transactions and communications among businesses, government agencies, and individuals. Network surveillance Network surveillance is the monitoring of data being transferred over computer networks such as the Internet. The monitoring is often done surreptitiously and may be done by or at the behest of governments, by corporations, criminal organizations, or individuals. It may or may not be legal and may or may not require authorization from a court or other independent agency. Computer and network surveillance programs are widespread today, and almost all Internet traffic is or could potentially be monitored for clues to illegal activity. Surveillance is very useful to governments and law enforcement to maintain social control, recognize and monitor threats, and prevent/investigate criminal activity. With the advent of programs such as the Total Information Awareness program, technologies such as high-speed surveillance computers and biometrics software, and laws such as the Communications Assistance For Law Enforcement Act, governments now possess an unprecedented ability to monitor the activities of citizens. However, many civil rights and privacy groups—such as Reporters Without Borders, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and the American Civil Liberties Union—have expressed concern that increasing surveillance of citizens may lead to a mass surveillance society, with limited political and personal freedoms. Fears such as this have led to numerous lawsuits such as Hepting v. AT&T. The hacktivist group Anonymous has hacked into government websites in protest of what it considers "draconian surveillance". End to end encryption End-to-end encryption (E2EE) is a digital communications paradigm of uninterrupted protection of data traveling between two communicating parties. It involves the originating party encrypting data so only the intended recipient can decrypt it, with no dependency on third parties. End-to-end encryption prevents intermediaries, such as Internet service providers or application service providers, from discovering or tampering with communications. End-to-end encryption generally protects both confidentiality and integrity. Examples of end-to-end encryption include HTTPS for web traffic, PGP for email, OTR for instant messaging, ZRTP for telephony, and TETRA for radio. Typical server-based communications systems do not include end-to-end encryption. These systems can only guarantee the protection of communications between clients and servers, not between the communicating parties themselves. Examples of non-E2EE systems are Google Talk, Yahoo Messenger, Facebook, and Dropbox. Some such systems, for example, LavaBit and SecretInk, have even described themselves as offering "end-to-end" encryption when they do not. Some systems that normally offer end-to-end encryption have turned out to contain a back door that subverts negotiation of the encryption key between the communicating parties, for example Skype or Hushmail. The end-to-end encryption paradigm does not directly address risks at the endpoints of the communication themselves, such as the technical exploitation of clients, poor quality random number generators, or key escrow. E2EE also does not address traffic analysis, which relates to things such as the identities of the endpoints and the times and quantities of messages that are sent. SSL/TLS The introduction and rapid growth of e-commerce on the World Wide Web in the mid-1990s made it obvious that some form of authentication and encryption was needed. Netscape took the first shot at a new standard. At the time, the dominant web browser was Netscape Navigator. Netscape created a standard called secure socket layer (SSL). SSL requires a server with a certificate. When a client requests access to an SSL-secured server, the server sends a copy of the certificate to the client. The SSL client checks this certificate (all web browsers come with an exhaustive list of CA root certificates preloaded), and if the certificate checks out, the server is authenticated and the client negotiates a symmetric-key cipher for use in the session. The session is now in a very secure encrypted tunnel between the SSL server and the SSL client. Views of networks Users and network administrators typically have different views of their networks. Users can share printers and some servers from a workgroup, which usually means they are in the same geographic location and are on the same LAN, whereas a Network Administrator is responsible to keep that network up and running. A community of interest has less of a connection of being in a local area and should be thought of as a set of arbitrarily located users who share a set of servers, and possibly also communicate via peer-to-peer technologies. Network administrators can see networks from both physical and logical perspectives. The physical perspective involves geographic locations, physical cabling, and the network elements (e.g., routers, bridges and application layer gateways) that interconnect via the transmission media. Logical networks, called, in the TCP/IP architecture, subnets, map onto one or more transmission media. For example, a common practice in a campus of buildings is to make a set of LAN cables in each building appear to be a common subnet, using VLAN technology. Both users and administrators are aware, to varying extents, of the trust and scope characteristics of a network. Again using TCP/IP architectural terminology, an intranet is a community of interest under private administration usually by an enterprise, and is only accessible by authorized users (e.g. employees). Intranets do not have to be connected to the Internet, but generally have a limited connection. An extranet is an extension of an intranet that allows secure communications to users outside of the intranet (e.g. business partners, customers). Unofficially, the Internet is the set of users, enterprises, and content providers that are interconnected by Internet Service Providers (ISP). From an engineering viewpoint, the Internet is the set of subnets, and aggregates of subnets, that share the registered IP address space and exchange information about the reachability of those IP addresses using the Border Gateway Protocol. Typically, the human-readable names of servers are translated to IP addresses, transparently to users, via the directory function of the Domain Name System (DNS). Over the Internet, there can be business-to-business (B2B), business-to-consumer (B2C) and consumer-to-consumer (C2C) communications. When money or sensitive information is exchanged, the communications are apt to be protected by some form of communications security mechanism. Intranets and extranets can be securely superimposed onto the Internet, without any access by general Internet users and administrators, using secure Virtual Private Network (VPN) technology. Journals and newsletters Open Computer Science (open access journal) See also References Further reading Shelly, Gary, et al. "Discovering Computers" 2003 Edition. Wendell Odom, Rus Healy, Denise Donohue. (2010) CCIE Routing and Switching. Indianapolis, IN: Cisco Press Kurose James F and Keith W. Ross: Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach Featuring the Internet, Pearson Education 2005. William Stallings, Computer Networking with Internet Protocols and Technology, Pearson Education 2004. Important publications in computer networks Network Communication Architecture and Protocols: OSI Network Architecture 7 Layers Model Dimitri Bertsekas, and Robert Gallager, "Data Networks," Prentice Hall, 1992. External links IEEE Ethernet manufacturer information A computer networking acronym guide
Viatronix, Inc. (known as Viatronix) is a creator and researcher of clinical applications software for radiology, focusing on virtual colonoscopy. It is a corporation based in Stony Brook, New York, United States. Beside Products The company is known for products that provide data for work in radiology. Its most widely known product is V3D-Colon, a software system that provides virtual colonoscopy. This is the first commercial available medical image visualization software product with FDA market clearance based on PC platform in the history that made the 3D primary read a reality. Meanwhile, V3D-Explorer is a general 3D package for visualizing and analyzing CT, MR, PET and other images. Beyond virtual colonoscopy, it provides V3D-Vascular, a tool for detecting, visualizing and quantifying vascular structures; V3D-Calcium Scoring, a package used to detect and quantify calcified coronary plaques, a marker of coronary artery disease; and V3D-Cardiac, a software for assisting physician to detecting, visualizing, quantifying coronary and left ventricle structures and functions, diagnosis of heart diseases, and reporting based on Computed Tomography Angiography (CTA) images. Medical imaging
In data transmission and telecommunication, overhead bits are non-data bits necessary for transmission (usually as part of headers, checksums, and such). For example, on the Internet many data exchanges occur via HTTP. HTTP headers allow additional information to passed between servers and clients in addition to "the data" (i.e., request or response) and thus may be considered to be overhead bits. Such bits are not counted as part of the goodput. References Data transmission
The Leitrim Post was a local newspaper covering County Leitrim in northwest Ireland. The paper was one of a series published in the region by River Media and stable-mates included the Donegal Post and Sligo Post. For the first half of 2007 the paper's circulation figures averaged at 4,014, The newspaper followed the same template as other papers in the River Media group which focus on lifestyle stories and an emphasis on sport. It was based in Carrick-on-Shannon and competed with another paper called the Leitrim Observer. The Leitrim Post ceased publication in 2009 due to a fall off in advertising revenue and a reduction in staffing levels that left it incapable of competing in the market. References 2007 establishments in Ireland 2009 disestablishments in Ireland Carrick-on-Shannon Defunct newspapers published in Ireland Mass media in County Leitrim Newspapers published in the Republic of Ireland Newspapers established in 2007 Publications disestablished in 2009 Weekly newspapers published in Ireland
David Vignoni (born 1980) is a graphic designer specialising in icon and digital product design. Vignoni was born in Cesena, Italy. He is the creator of the Nuvola icon set, which has been used in many projects, including script.aculo.us and Prototype JavaScript Framework. He has designed icons for several web sites, including openSUSE. He has also designed icon sets for applications such as Flumotion, Samba 2000 , and Strata (an insurance application), as well as for various KDE projects, such as Kontact and the KDE Edutainment Project. David is one of the founders of the Oxygen Project, which is the default icon theme on the KDE flagship desktop. In 2005, Vignoni graduated from the University of Bologna with a B.S. degree in computer science. He has worked as a consultant for SuSE Linux, as an independent graphic designer, and at Meebo. Previously, he worked as lead designer at Hailo. He lives and works in London. References External links David Vignoni's Web site People from Cesena Italian artists Italian graphic designers 1980 births Living people KDE
Gregory John 'Bluey' Brazel (born 17 November 1954) is a convicted Australian serial killer, arsonist, and armed robber currently serving three consecutive life sentences for the murders of sex workers Sharon Taylor and Roslyn Hayward in 1990, and the murder of Mordialloc hardware store owner Mildred Hanmer during an armed robbery in 1982 to which he confessed some eighteen years later. Brazel is often described as one of the most manipulative and violent prisoners in Victoria's prison system, and was estimated to be worth more than A$500,000 in 2000. He became eligible for parole in 2020, however as of April 2023 he is still incarcerated at HM Prison Barwon. Early life Brazel enlisted in the Australian Army in 1974 and trained at 1RTB (Kapooka), 14 Platoon B Company, and in September was posted to the Australian Army Medical Training School in Healesville, Victoria. In 1976, Brazel took five privates hostage during an army medical corps exercise in Healesville. Shots were fired before Brazel was persuaded to release the hostages. He was later dishonorably discharged. Murders Sharon Taylor On 28 May 1990, while on early release from prison, Brazel murdered sex worker Sharon Taylor. Her body was found in a shallow grave at Barongarook, Victoria, south of Colac on 23 September 1990. Roslyn Hayward On 13 September 1990, Brazel murdered sex worker Roslyn Hayward at Sorrento. Her body was not discovered until 1 October 1990. Mildred Hanmer Mildred Teresa Hanmer was shot in the chest on 20 September 1982 during an armed robbery at her Mordialloc hardware and gift store. She later died in the Alfred Hospital from her injuries. Her murder remained unsolved until August 2000. On 18 August 2000, Brazel voluntarily confessed to the 1982 murder, seeking to make a deal with police officers that no life term would be imposed before agreeing to make a statement. Prison life Brazel has continued to regularly offend while imprisoned and is often described as being manipulative and violent. In November 1991, Brazel took a staff member hostage while imprisoned at the HM Melbourne Assessment Prison when he learned of his impending transfer to HM Prison Pentridge. In 2003, Brazel conned an elderly woman into depositing more than A$30,000 into a TAB telephone betting account for his own personal use. In 2006, Brazel was awarded A$12,000 in damages in an out of court settlement after suffering a violent attack with a broken bottle while imprisoned at Melbourne's privately operated Port Phillip Correctional Centre in Laverton in May 2001. In October 2006, Brazel was caught collecting personal information relating to senior prison staff. Brazel was assaulted by fellow inmates whilst detailed in the high security unit of HM Prison Barwon. Brazel sought County Court approval and, on appeal, was granted access to documents including a prison map and an incident report so he can sue the Victorian Government for failure to exercise reasonable care to protect him. Summary of criminal convictions During the period of March 1983 until August 2000 Brazel was convicted of 37 offences from fifteen court appearances. Offences since 1992 occurred while Brazel was in prison custody apart from the 2005 conviction for murder which occurred in 1982. See also List of serial killers by country References 1954 births 1982 murders in Australia 1990 murders in Australia Australian arsonists Australian people convicted of murder Australian prisoners sentenced to multiple life sentences Australian serial killers Australian soldiers Living people People convicted of murder by Victoria (state) Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Victoria (state)
Kieskompas is a Dutch voting advice website. Visitors can use the application to discover their position in the political landscape for upcoming elections. Electoral Compass was officially established at the VU Amsterdam on October 23, 2007. Users are asked to give an opinion on 30 propositions, clustered within several issues. The result appears in a spectrum, as a pencil point, between the different political parties or candidates. Visitors can further analyse their political preferences by clicking on the various issues, after which they can compare their position on these different topics with the candidates or parties. External links homepage Sources Elections in the Netherlands Election technology software
Flipron are an English psychedelic pop band from Glastonbury, England, consisting of singer and songwriter Jesse Budd, pianist/organist Joe Atkinson, drummer Mike Chitty and bassist Tom Granville. They were signed to Tiny Dog Records in 2003.Their music has been likened to Tom Waits, Syd Barrett and The Kinks. 2004/5: Fancy Blues and Rustique Novelties The first album was recorded in Glastonbury and released in 2004. The Observer Music Monthly magazine put it at number 6 in their 50 albums of the month for October with Charles Shaar Murray giving it a four star review. In July 2004 they recorded their first live session for Tom Robinson on BBC 6 Music. As part of the tour to promote the album, Flipron appeared as support act for Donovan (for whom Flipron's Joe Atkinson was playing keyboards) at Cardiff St David's Hall and Bristol's St George's Hall. Two singles were released from the album; "Hanging Round The Lean-to With Grandad" and "Raindrops Keep Falling on the Dead/The End of Summer". The latter featured an animated black and white video made by American director Alex de Campi. 2006/7: Biscuits For Cerberus The second album, Biscuits For Cerberus was mainly recorded at drummer Mike Chitty's house and released in 2006. The Daily Telegraph described it as a "woozy, bohemian pop massacre. Brilliant, but frankly unclassifiable." In March 2006, they appeared at The Spice of Life in London with Rat Scabies performing The Damned hit "Smash It Up", which was recorded by BBC 6 Music for their Pretty Ancient event (celebrating thirty years of punk). A single, "Dogboy Vs Monsters" was released in early 2007 and featured a silent movie pastiche video, again directed by Alex de Campi. Shortly after the recording of Biscuits For Cerberus, bassist Mark Wingfield left the band and Greg Shepheard who had engineered the first two albums joined. 2008/9: Gravity Calling The third album, Gravity Calling, was recorded at Chris Jagger's Somerset studio with former Damned drummer Rat Scabies producing. Q described it as sounding like a "more ramshackle Madness" and added the song "How It Works" to their 50 essential download list in their January 2009 issue August 2008 saw them appearing at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival for five nights at the Gilded Balloon. On 31 October 2008, they returned to BBC 6 Music for another live session for Tom Robinson. In November 2008, they embarked on a co-headlining UK tour with Birmingham's Misty's Big Adventure and they toured again in spring 2009 with Mark Wingfield returning on bass. Two singles were released from the album, "Book of Lies" and the title track. In May 2009, they recorded a session for Mark Lamarr's God's Jukebox show on BBC Radio 2 (which was repeated on Lamarr's Best of 2009 show in January 2010). A range of vintage equipment was used in the recording of Gravity Calling and was featured in Guitar & Bass Magazine's January 2009 edition with interviews with Jesse Budd, Rat Scabies and Flipron manager, Phil Taylor (who also managed Bobby Long). 2010/11: The Coolest Names in Showbiz and US tour A new single, the ska flavoured "The Coolest Names in Showbiz", again produced by Rat Scabies, was released in July 2010. The song made its live debut at the Bath Komedia supporting The (English) Beat. In August 2010, Flipron returned to the Gilded Balloon at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, this time for a nine-night residency. In September 2010, they toured the US for the first time with John Thompson (who also plays with the current line up of The Selecter) on bass and returned to the US in March 2011 to appear at the South By Southwest festival in Austin, Texas. The single "The Stupidest Face in Town" was released in June 2011. From 2010 to 2011 live bass duties were shared by John Thompson and Nick Walkling. Tom Granville joined as a permanent member in August 2011. 2012/13: Firework Shoes In 2012 they recorded their fourth album, Firework Shoes. As with Gravity Calling, Rat Scabies produced the album and David M Allen mixed it, and backing vocals were supplied by Liz Gilbert. A new single, "The Comet Returns", featuring The Specials singer Neville Staple was released in September 2012. The video for the song was filmed in Coventry at the recently opened Two Tone Village. Firework Shoes was released on 5 November 2012 receiving a 4/5 review in The Sunday Express by its editor Martin Townsend who likened the band to Madness, Squeeze and XTC In October 2013 "Big Fat Blackberries" from Firework Shoes was released as a single. In December 2013, "The Comet Returns" from Firework Shoes was used by Channel 4 as the backing music on their trailer to advertise the Christmas Eve Special of cult TV comedy show, The IT Crowd. 2014/18 The band kept a low profile in 2014 with Jesse Budd writing and often performing live as his alter ego "Billy Shinbone" in his side project The Billy Shinbone Show. Budd also joined bandmate Joe Atkinson on tour in the Neville Staple Band. Bass player Tom Granville often performs in Nick Parker and the False Alarms. Flipron appeared at Chagstock in 2014 and the Glastonbury Festival in both 2014 and 2015 (Avalon Café and Bandstand Stages) Also in 2015 the Flipron track "Hungamunga" was used on the "Couples" show on BBC Radio 4 . In 2016 Jesse Budd released a solo single on Tiny Dog Records "If You Think You'll Get Away With It You're Wrong" under the pseudonym The Billy Shinbone Show. In 2017 Flipron played again at Glastonbury Festival & travelled to Italy to play at the Artisti In Piazza festival in Pennabilli. In 2018 both Jesse Budd and Joe Atkinson continue to perform in the Neville Staple Band. In January of that year the band organised a charity show in their hometown of Glastonbury featuring Flipron and The Neville Staple Band in aid of the mental health charity MIND. Jesse Budd also co wrote and sang lead vocal on two songs of Rat Scabies debut solo album "PHD-Prison, Hospital, Debt" released by Cleopatra Records and Joe Atkinson also played keyboards on two different tracks of the same album. On 6 July Budd released an eponymous solo album under The Billy Shinbone Show name again on Tiny Dog Records again. It also features contributions from Flipron members Tom Granville and Mike Chitty (under the pseudonym Micky Van Dango) 2019/20 2019 saw Flipron playing a few shows in their local South West area, with their Glastonbury Festival appearance that year being cancelled at the last minute for health and safety reasons after the roof of the Bandstand Stage was dislodged by the wind. In 2020 another collaboration with Rat Scabies was released. The duo of Scabies and Jesse Budd (using the name Billy Shinbone) released the instrumental album "Sparkle" under the name The Sinclairs. The album was again released on Cleopatra Records. Its sound was described by www.tinnitist.com as being reminiscent of "classic surf movies, spaghetti westerns, and ‘60s spy movies." During the COVID-19 pandemic, Flipron released a lockdown video, filmed and recorded on their phones of the song "Ball and Chain" which was originally released on their 2006 album, "Biscuits For Cerberus". 2021 In May 2021, Joe Atkinson's side project, The Rhynes, released their self-titled debut album on Tiny Dog Records. Atkinson sang and played guitars, bass and keyboards with Rat Scabies and Matty Bane from the Neville Staple Band on drums. 2022 Joe Atkinson and Jesse Budd continued to tour with The Neville Staple Band. Budd also joined Atkinson on bass for live shows by The Rhynes. 2023 In summer 2023, The Sinclairs (Jesse Budd/Billy Shinbone and Rat Scabies) released their second album, The Long Slow Death Of A Cigarette. In September 2023, The Rhynes released their second album, Everything The Wrong Way Round was released. References External links Official site English pop music groups
In software object-oriented design, a layer is a group of classes that have the same set of link-time module dependencies to other modules. In other words, a layer is a group of reusable components that are reusable in similar circumstances. In programming languages, the layer distinction is often expressed as "import" dependencies between software modules. Layers are often arranged in a tree-form hierarchy, with dependency relationships as links between the layers. Dependency relationships between layers are often either inheritance, composition or aggregation relationships, but other kinds of dependencies can also be used. Layers is an architectural pattern described in many books, for example Pattern-Oriented Software Architecture See also Abstraction layer Multitier architecture Shearing layers References Object-oriented programming Software design
Spam Cube, Inc was a high-tech startup company based in the midtown area of New York City. The company invented and manufactured the Spam Cube, a SaaS (Security As A Service) network security hardware device for consumers that blocked spam e-mail, computer viruses and phishing. The company invented a SaaS delivery platform technology that enables any home networking embedded device such as a Broadband cable modem, DSL modem, Wireless router or Femtocell to offer network Security As A Service technology that blocks spam e-mail, computer viruses and phishing. The Spam Cube SaaS platform gave the consumer the choice to select spam e-mail, computer viruses, and phishing blocking technology that was powered by either McAfee or Symantec managed enterprise Security As A Service technology. Trademark Issues In May 2006, the company ran into a costly legal battle with Hormel Foods over its trademark "Spam Cube". Hormel Foods claimed that the company's "Spam Cube" brand name was causing confusion amongst consumers and that consumers were not able to tell the difference between the Spam Cube, a cube-shaped home network security device, and Hormel's cube-shaped SPAM canned meat product. In February 2008, the company won the legal battle against Hormel Foods in the United States. The SPAM trademark dispute was widely publicized since the dispute would have forced the company into bankruptcy had Hormel Foods won. Competitors Three years after Spam Cube released its technology, Cisco Systems teamed up with Trend Micro to manufacture the Linksys Home Network Defender. Linksys and Trend Micro competed directly with Spam Cube for market share in the embedded device SaaS market. See also Anti-spam appliances References External links Spam Cube, Inc | Home Page PC World - Spam Slayer: Don't Can Spam, Cube It New York Times - On the Job, A Spam Fighter Is Learning Picture of Spam Cube article on the front page of the March 30 edition of the New York Times NY1 interview with David J. Soares, CBDO of Spam Cube ABC News interview with Joseph P. Marino, CEO of Spam Cube Spam Cube's LinkedIn Company Profile Companies based in New York City Networking companies of the United States Companies established in 2003 Privately held companies based in New York (state)
Interaction design patterns are design patterns applied in the context human-computer interaction, describing common designs for graphical user interfaces. A design pattern is a formal way of documenting a solution to a common design problem. The idea was introduced by the architect Christopher Alexander for use in urban planning and building architecture and has been adapted for various other disciplines, including teaching and pedagogy, development organization and process, and software architecture and design. Thus, interaction design patterns are a way to describe solutions to common usability or accessibility problems in a specific context. They document interaction models that make it easier for users to understand an interface and accomplish their tasks. History Patterns originated as an architectural concept by Christopher Alexander. Patterns are ways to describe best practices, explain good designs, and capture experience so that other people can reuse these solutions. Design patterns in computer science are used by software engineers during the actual design process and when communicating designs to others. Design patterns gained popularity in computer science after the book Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software was published. Since then a pattern community has emerged that specifies patterns for problem domains including architectural styles and object-oriented frameworks. The Pattern Languages of Programming Conference (annual, 1994—) proceedings includes many examples of domain-specific patterns. Applying a pattern language approach to interaction design was first suggested in Norman and Draper's book User Centered System Design (1986). The Apple Computer's Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines also quotes Christopher Alexander's works in its recommended reading. Libraries Alexander envisioned a pattern language as a structured system in which the semantic relationships between the patterns create a whole that is greater than the sum of its parts, much like the way that grammatical relationships between words make language meaningful. While some collections of patterns attempt to create the structural relationships needed to form a language, many others are simply an assemblage of patterns (and thus are more appropriately termed pattern libraries.) Mobile interaction pattern libraries The popularity of mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets usher in a need for a library of mobile interaction design patterns. This need is driven by: Differences in user behavior and interaction on mobile devices such as swipe and tap gestures, vis-a-vis interaction on a Desktop GUI, which is mouse-driven Differences in physical attributes between a mobile and a desktop device e.g. screen size, touch screen, etc. Design guidelines recommended by mobile OS e.g. iOS, Android Elements For patterns to be helpful to the designers and developers who will make use of them, they need to be findable and readable. Common elements Though pattern descriptions vary somewhat, many pattern libraries include some common elements: Pattern Name: Choosing a clear and descriptive name helps people find the pattern and encourages clear communication between team members during design discussions. Pattern Description: Because short names like "one-window drilldown" are sometimes not sufficient to describe the pattern, a few additional lines of explanation (or a canonical screenshot) will help explain how the pattern works. Problem Statement: Written in user-centered language, this communicates what the user wants to achieve or what the challenge is to the end-user. Use When: "Context of use" is a critical component of the design pattern. This element helps people understand situations when the design pattern applies (and when it does not.) Solution: The solution should explain "how" to solve the problem, and may include prescriptive checklists, screenshots, or even short videos demonstrating the pattern in action. Rationale: Providing reasons "why" the pattern works will reinforce the solution, though time-pressed developers may prefer to ignore this explanation. Examples: Each example shows how the pattern has been successfully applied This is often accompanied by a screenshot and a short description. Comments: Including a place for team members to discuss the use of the pattern helps maintain an active resource and keeps the team engaged. Optional elements Pattern libraries can also include optional elements, depending on the needs of the team using them. These may include: Implementation Specifications: A style guide with detailed information about font sizes, pixel dimensions, colors, and wording for messages and labels can be helpful for developers. Usability Research: Any supporting research from usability tests or other user feedback should be captured. This can also include feedback from developers, customer service, or the sales team. Related Patterns: The pattern library may include similar patterns, or it may be organized into a hierarchy of parent and child patterns. Similar Approaches: Since there are likely to be many possible solutions to this problem, teams may want a place to capture similar alternatives. Source Code: If the code is modular enough to be reused, then it can be included in the library as well. Reasons to use design patterns Benefits of using interaction design patterns include: Teaching novices some best practices and common approaches Capturing collective wisdom of designers across many uses and scenarios Giving teams a common language, reducing misunderstandings that arise from the different vocabulary Reducing time and costs in the design and development lifecycle Making usable designs the "path of least resistance" Eliminate wasted time spent "reinventing the wheel" Ensuring users have a consistent and predictable experience within an application or service Advantages over design guidelines Guidelines are generally more useful for describing requirements whereas patterns are useful tools for those who need to translate requirements into specific software solutions. Some people consider design guidelines as an instance of interaction design pattern as they are also common approach of capturing the experience in interaction design. However, interaction design patterns usually have the following advantages over design guidelines: Abstract guidelines, like the Eight Golden Rules of Interface Design by Shneiderman, do not suggest how to solve a problem like many interaction design pattern, and cannot be used for interdisciplinary communication. Furthermore, guidelines do not provide an explanation as to why a particular solution works. Concrete guidelines, like Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines, are too tailored to a specific interface, and therefore are not as effective when applied to other interfaces (especially non-Macintosh interfaces). Other problems with guidelines are that they tend to be too numerous which makes it difficult for designers to apply the right guidelines. Also guidelines assume an absolute validity while usually they can only be applied in a particular context. A result of that is also that guidelines often tend to conflict just because they lack describing a context. Guidelines and patterns are not necessarily conflicting, and both can be used in conjunction to identify the problem and then create a valid solution. See also Design pattern Gameplay Elements of Design Information architecture Interaction design Interactivity Interface design Mobile interaction Sonic interaction design Usability User-centered design References Further reading A Pattern Approach to Interaction Design, by Jan Borchers, A Pattern Language for Web Usability, by Ian Graham, Interaction Design Patterns für NFC-basierte Electronic Data Capture Anwendungen by Andreas Prinz, Prinz Publishing, Dieburg 2014, . The Design of Sites: Patterns for Creating Winning Websites (Second Edition), by Douglas K. van Duyne, James A. Landay, and Jason I. Hong, Designing Interfaces: Patterns for Effective Interaction Design, by Jenifer Tidwell, Designing Social Interfaces: Principles, Patterns, & Practices for Improving the User Experience, by Christian Crumlish and Erin Malone, Interaction Design for Complex Cognitive Activities with Visual Representations: A Pattern-Based Approach, by Kamran Sedig and Paul Parsons, AIS Transactions on Human-Computer Interaction 5(2), 84-133. External links 10 Great Sites for UI Design Patterns at Interaction Design foundation Yahoo Design Pattern Library Software design patterns
Known as the "Software Reliability Program Standard", SAE JA1002 was published in January 2004 by the Society of Automotive Engineers. It is a standard that provides a framework for the management of software reliability within system reliability requirements. It is intended to serve the needs of industry organizations in meeting software product reliability objectives and can be employed as deliverables contacted between a customer and a supplier. SAE JA1002 is based around the Software Reliability Plan and Software Reliability Case. The Software Reliability Case can be created or maintained to serve the needs of a support organization in sustaining reliability objectives and be used to supply the data needed by independent, regulatory, and/or third party certification bodies. Notes and references Arguing Security - Creating Security Assurance Cases See also SAE Home Page Standards
Living Videotext was a software development company founded by Dave Winer in 1983. Its slogan was "We Make Shitty Software... With Bugs!," although the slogan was never publicly run in an ad. Located in Palo Alto, California, the company was founded to sell an outliner called ThinkTank for the Apple II series. This product was based on ideas that Winer had been developing for a few years since University. Winer ported the application to run on IBM PC compatible computers and after seeing a demo of Apple Inc.'s near-release Macintosh, Winer hired his brother Peter Winer to develop a version of ThinkTank for the Macintosh, which by April 1985 had sold 30,000 copies, or to about 10% of all Mac owners. Doug Baron was also hired to work on the Macintosh version of ThinkTank. Work began on another outliner application at the end of 1984 called MORE, which expanded on the graphical concepts that they had started to add to ThinkTank, for example letting users easily convert outlines into bullet charts to be used in presentations. By 1986, the company had grown to fifty people. The company underwent temporary financial difficulties which were resolved upon the release of MORE in 1986. Before merging with Symantec, Winer first met with Bill Gates, the co-founder and then-President, CEO, and chair of Microsoft, in February 1987. Gates wrote a letter of intent to purchase the company in return for shares of Microsoft. However, the deal fell through and Microsoft instead purchased Living Videotext's competitor, Forethought, Inc., makers of Powerpoint, in a $14-million deal. Powerpoint went on to achieve widespread popularity as part of the Microsoft Office suite. After receiving a number of other offers, Living Videotext merged with Symantec in September 1987. Many of its most popular products were, with Symantec's support, later released for free as "antique versions". References Defunct software companies of the United States Companies based in Mountain View, California Companies established in 1983
Programmer and Operator Productivity Aid (POP) is an application package written originally for the IBM System/34, which became much more popular and functional on the IBM System/36 and universal on the Advanced/36. POP comprises four major tools: FILE, which provides easy access to disk files; LIBR, which provides easy access to libraries and library members; DISKETTE, which provides easy access to diskette files; FSEDIT, which is a full-screen text editor in the fashion of the System/38 and IBM i text editors. POP does not have a function for folders. The Office/36 TEXTFLDR procedure is adequate for this function. POP programs use a point-and-shoot interface. Many objects are displayed and to the left of each object is an input field. The operator interacts by moving the cursor to the desired object and marking it by typing a letter or number which represents a command or function. References File managers IBM software
Rollo and the Brush Bros. is a clone of Konami's arcade game Amidar published by Windmill software in 1984 as a copy-protected, self-booting disk for the IBM PC. The player controls "Rollo" while attempting paint the entire maze and avoiding the "Brush Brothers." External links http://www.mobygames.com/game/pc-booter/rollo-and-the-brush-brothers 1984 video games Maze games Video games developed in Canada Video game clones Windmill Software games
Brigadier General (BGen) (, Bgen) is a one-star commissioned officer rank in the Swedish Army, Swedish Air Force and Swedish Amphibious Corps. A Brigadier general ranks immediately above a colonel and below a major general. The rank is equivalent to rear admiral (lower half) in the Swedish Navy. History In 1972, the so-called employment reform (tjänstställningsreformen) was implemented. In connection with the Swedish Armed Forces' increasing involvement in international operations with UN battalions and observers, it became increasingly clear that the Swedish service system did not quite correspond to what was common in other countries. A Swedish captain had the same training and service as a major in other countries' defense forces. In many cases, a Swedish colonel had tasks that in other armed forces were performed by brigadier generals. During the 1960s, this was solved many times by the Swedish officers being given a higher rank during their service abroad. The Supreme Commander suggested to the Swedish government that the Swedish service system should be changed, so that the captains would receive the rank of major and the majors would receive the rank of lieutenant colonel. He further proposed that a new general, brigadier general, be introduced. The government approved the Supreme Commander's proposal regarding captains and majors. No new general rank was introduced. The motivation for the government not following the Supreme Commander's proposal in this respect was that it did not want to contribute to an increase in the number of generals and admirals in the Swedish Armed Forces. However, the government decided to introduce the rank of överste av 1. graden (senior colonel) for the army and kommendör av 1. graden (senior captain) for the navy. The reform was implemented on 1 July 1972. During the 1990s, the Swedish government raised the issue of introducing a rank for professional officers called brigadier general and flotilla admiral, respectively, and stated there, among other things, the following. For a few years, the Swedish Armed Forces had in various ways announced that they wished to change the current rank level system for professional officers. The idea was that the rank of överste av 1. graden and kommendör av 1. graden would be abolished and instead replaced with the rank of brigadier general and rear admiral (lower half). The reason for this was stated to be that then almost only Sweden did not have this rank. The increased international cooperation was thus considered to have been made more difficult. Denmark, Norway and Finland had recently introduced the brigadier general's rank. The government stated in the same bill that the issue should be prepared further before a position was taken on the proposal. In 1999, the government stated that the said rank should now be introduced and intended to make changes to the bill (1994:642) with instructions for the Swedish Armed Forces and the Officers Ordinance (1994:882) with effect from 1 July 2000. The rank was finally introduced in 2000 and replaced the old rank of överste av 1. graden. Anyone who, according to older regulations, held the rank of överste av 1. graden would continue to hold that rank until otherwise decided. Thus, the rank of överste av 1. graden was placed between the rank of brigadier general and the rank of colonel. Unlike major generals, lieutenant generals, vice admirals and rear admirals which are appointed by the government, brigadier generals are appointed by the Swedish Armed Forces. In everyday speech, generals of all ranks are addressed as generals. The rank is translated officially by the Swedish Armed Forces to Brigadier General. However, almost all officers in this rank do not command brigades, regiments or battalions; but take up senior tasks related to administration, staff, education, and planning. Each of the (F)HQ units available (see Swedish Armed Forces) supports a unit which is commanded by a Brigadier General. Rank insignia Collar patches Shoulder marks Sleeve insignias Amphibious Corps Air Force Hat insignia Personal flags The command flag of a brigader general (and a rear admiral (lower half)) is a double swallowtailed Swedish flag. In the first blue field 1 five-pointed white star. Footnotes References Notes Print Military ranks of the Swedish Army Military ranks of the Swedish Air Force sv:Brigadgeneral
Graphmatica is a graphing program created by Keith Hertzer, a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley. It runs on Microsoft Windows (all versions), Mac OS X 10.5 and higher, and iOS 5.0 and higher. Graphmatica for Windows and Macs is distributed free of charge for evaluation purposes. After one month, non-commercial users are asked to pay a $25 licensing fee. Other licensing plans are available for commercial users. Graphmatica for iOS is distributed via the Apple App Store. Capabilities Graphmatica can graph Cartesian functions, relations, and inequalities, plus polar, parametric and ordinary differential equations. See also C.a.R. KmPlot References External links Cross-platform software Mathematical software
PODi, the Digital Printing Initiative is an organization that helps set strategic direction in the digital print industry. Membership – PODi members are industry leaders representing all facets of the digital printing ecosystem, including print and marketing service providers, enterprise marketers and manufacturers of software and hardware systems. PODi helps members integrate powerful digital technologies into their marketing, IT and management strategies. Members companies include EFI, Canon, HP, Kodak, PageFlex, Xerox, and XMPie. These and many more members have cooperated in the development of the PPML variable data language, and more broadly, digital print standards development worldwide. PODi hosts the world's largest collection (over 500) of digital print case studies. Its annual conference, the AppForum, is the only independent thought leadership event expressly for the digital printing industry. Since the first event in 2002, AppForum has provided a unique platform for the digital printing community to come together, learn from people who are actually succeeding with variable data printing, print on demand, relevant marketing, cross media, web to print, QR Codes, augmented reality, and all the newest applications. PODi also hosts educational webinars throughout the year, and has a growing toolbox of aids and training for the process used for selling the new, more profitable, applications. PODi is managed by Caslon in North America and internationally. Other affiliates manage communities in the United Kingdom and Europe. Membership is open to all businesses who own a digital printing press, use digital printing as an integral part of their marketing plans, provide support to the industry, or have a passion for the opportunities and applications that digital printing is adding to the future of relevant marketing. References External links Digital press
Interface-based programming, also known as interface-based architecture, is an architectural pattern for implementing modular programming at the component level in an object-oriented programming language which does not have a module system. An example of such a language is Java, which (), does not have a module system at the level of components. Java has a package system, but Java software components typically consist of multiple Java packages and in any case, interface programming can provide advantages over merely using Java packages, even if a component only consists of a single Java package. Interface-based programming defines the application as a collection of components, in which Application Programming Interface (API) calls between components may only be made through abstract interfaces, not concrete classes. Instances of classes will generally be obtained through other interfaces using techniques such as the Factory pattern. This is claimed to increase the modularity of the application and hence its maintainability. However, some caution is warranted merely splitting an application into arbitrary components communicating via interfaces does not in itself guarantee low coupling or high cohesion, two other attributes that are commonly regarded as key for maintainability. An interface-based architecture can be used when third parties or indeed separate teams within the same organisation develop additional components or plugins for an established system. The codebase of the Eclipse IDE is an example of interface-based programming. Eclipse plugin vendors just have to develop components that satisfy the interface specified by the parent application vendor, the Eclipse Foundation. Indeed, in Eclipse, even the original components such as the Java Development Tools are themselves plugins. This is somewhat like a mobile phone manufacturer specifying a mobile charger interface (pin arrangement, expected direct current voltage, etc.) and both the manufacturer and third parties making their own mobile phone chargers that comply with this standard interface specification. Software evolution in interface-based programming The use of interfaces to allow disparate teams to collaborate raises the question of how interface changes happen in interface-based programming. The problem is that if an interface is changed, e.g. by adding a new method, old code written to implement the interface will no longer compile and in the case of dynamically-loaded or linked plugins, will either fail to load or link, or crash at runtime. There are two basic approaches for dealing with this problem: a new interface may be developed with additional functionality, which might inherit from the old interface a software versioning policy such as semantic versioning 2.0 may be communicated to interface implementors, to allow forward-incompatible, or even backward-incompatible, changes in future "major" versions of the platform Both of these approaches have been used in the Java platform. Design by contract The publisher of the interfaces generally promises that they will not change the interface in new "minor" versions of the software, and the implementer, by implementing the interface, implies that they have implemented at least the required parts of the interface without any deviation. An interface can therefore be viewed as a "contractual agreement" between a provider and a consumer of the interface. If this contract is documented more formally as a software specification, this is an example of design by contract. However, design by contract per se does not mandate the use of interfaces for all components. See also Microservices Actor model CORBA, an older component-based system for object-oriented software which is now rarely used, for various reasons References C# Interface Based Development, c-sharpcorner.com Interface Based Development – The Unified Modeling Language (UML), devmentor.org Architecting a large application with interface-based architecture, rhyous.com, 18 October 2011 Understanding Interface-based Programming, Microsoft Developers Network, accessed 16 September 2016 Architectural pattern (computer science)
Seaside, an acronym that stands for “Squeak Enterprise Aubergines Server with Integrated Development Environment,” is computer software, a web framework to develop web applications in the programming language Smalltalk. It is distributed as free and open-source software under an MIT License. Seaside provides a component architecture in which web pages are built as trees of individual, stateful components, each encapsulating a small part of a page. Seaside uses continuations to model multiple independent flows between different components. Thus, it is a continuation-based web framework based on the ability to manipulate the execution stack of some implementations of Small talk. Key features Although subsequent improvement of state handling in web browser JavaScript engines have meant this aspect is less important today, Seaside's method of handling of browser state (via continuations) was an initial point of interest in the first years following its 2002 release. This mechanism provides for rollback and resumption, resolving many common issues then occurring with running web applications, adequately sustaining the state on the server-side even when the web browser's 'back' and 'forward' or 'refresh' buttons are used. Continuation based servers give the developer the ability to maintain state on the server in a scalable manner. A distinctive feature of Seaside is its integrated development environment, providing access to development tools and debugging support within an application. In development-mode, unhandled errors are reported to the web page; developers can access and alter the program code and state directly from the web page, allowing bug identifying and fixing processes to occur within an integrated development environment (IDE). A Seaside application is a set of interacting components. Each one stores state across page views and can render itself to the HTML stream. Thus, it is straightforward to write a component once and then reuse it elsewhere in an application. Seaside also supports the notion of tasks, which allow a programmer to describe the high-level logic of component interaction. Seaside is not template-oriented, and does not offer generating or using HTML templates; HTML markup is generated programmatically. (The Seaside-based Pier content-management framework does offer wiki-markup syntax for templating.) Seaside uses callbacks on closures to specify actions to be taken when clicking on a link or submitting a form. The developers and users of Seaside argue that this helps enforce separation of structure (markup) from content and presentation (Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)). Seaside's combination of components, callbacks, and closures can significantly reduce the semantic gap between a complex workflow and its representation in code. Seaside supports Ajax through integration with script.aculo.us and jQuery. Seaside also supports Comet-style server-push technology. Seaside can work with either Smalltalk-based web server implementations or other non-Smalltalk ones (Nginx, Apache). Philosophy Over the last few years, some best practices have come to be widely accepted in the web development field: Share as little state as possible. Use clean, carefully chosen, and meaningful URLs. Use templates to separate the model from the presentation. Seaside deliberately breaks all of these rules. Avi Bryant, then of Dabble DB, in 2006 described it as a 'heretical' framework, arguing that this careful and reasoned rejection of the conventional wisdoms of web development led to a very effective model for developing web applications. Ports The main development of Seaside is implemented in Pharo Smalltalk. Ports for other Smalltalk dialects exist. The original development of Seaside was done on Squeak in the early 2000s. Michel Bany implemented ports to VisualWorks through Seaside version 2.7; Cincom Systems supports Seaside as part of VisualWorks as of early 2008. Instantiations announced Seaside support in its VAST (VA Smalltalk) Platform version 8.0 in 2009. The VAST Platform has continued to support Seaside through its latest version. Esteban Maringolo maintained the 2.8 port, plus some other add-ons (such as script.aculo.us) for Dolphin Smalltalk X6. Gemstone Systems implemented a port to Gemstone/S. A port of 2.8 was completed for GemStone, and a preliminary version of 3.0 runs on GNU Smalltalk 3.0a and later. The web server package in the standard library of Racket (Programming language) uses a very similar philosophy, also based on continuations. Criticisms Compared to other web frameworks, Seaside is memory intensive. One session could accumulate several hundred kilobytes of RAM. A later release, version 2.8, significantly reduces this size (e.g., a formerly typical 200 KB size becomes 50 KB). Seaside does not follow representational state transfer (REST) by default. Instead, Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) hold session key information, and meaningful URLs must be generated explicitly. Open-source projects using it Many open-source projects use Seaside, some of which are: Magritte – a meta-description framework with a tight integration into Seaside Pier – a content management system and high level application framework for Seaside ADK Project Proprietary projects using it Many proprietary projects use Seaside, some of which are: Dabble DB – web-based database application Cmsbox – a content management system (CMS) made available by netstyle.ch for the Swiss market. See also Solution stack, GLASS Nagare (web framework) List of content management systems Comparison of web frameworks References External links Smalltalk programming language family Web frameworks Software using the MIT license
Sierra Wireless (a subsidiary of Semtech Corporation) is a Canadian multinational wireless communications equipment designer, manufacturer and services provider headquartered in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. It also maintains offices and operations in the United States, Korea, Japan, Taiwan, India, France, Australia and New Zealand. The company sells mobile computing and machine-to-machine (M2M) communications products that work over cellular networks, 2G, 3G, 4G and 5G mobile broadband wireless routers and gateways, modules, as well as software, tools, and services. Sierra Wireless products and technologies are used in a variety of markets and industries, including automotive and transportation, energy, field service, healthcare, industrial and infrastructure, mobile computing and consumers, networking, sales and payment, and security. It also maintains a network of experts in mobile broadband and M2M integration to support customers worldwide. The company's products are sold directly to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), as well as indirectly through distributors and resellers. History Sierra Wireless was founded in 1993 in Vancouver, Canada. In August 2003, it completed an acquisition of privately held, high-speed CDMA wireless modules supplier, AirPrime, issuing approximately 3.7 million shares to AirPrime shareholders. On March 6, 2007, the company announced its purchase of Hayward, California-based AirLink Communications, a privately held developer of high-value fixed, portable, and mobile wireless data solutions. Prior to the May 2007 completion of its sale to Sierra Wireless for a total of $27 million in cash and stock, AirLink had reported $24.8 million in revenues and gross margin of 44 percent. In August 2008, Sierra Wireless purchased the assets of Junxion, a Seattle based producer of Linux-based mobile wireless access points and network routers for enterprise and government customers. In December 2008, Sierra Wireless made a friendly all-cash bid to acquire Wavecom, a French M2M wireless technology developer. The sale was completed for $275 million. In August 2012, the company acquired SAGEMCOM's M2M business in a cash transaction of EUR44.9 million plus assumed liabilities. In November 2012, Sierra Wireless was recognized as an M2M market leader by market research and intelligence firm, ABI Research. Based on the company's aggregated revenues, ABI found that Sierra Wireless held a 34 percent share of the M2M module market. In January 2013, Sierra Wireless sold all assets and operations related to its AirCard business to NETGEAR, Inc. for $138 million in cash plus approximately $6.5 million in assumed liabilities. In April 2017, Sierra Wireless acquired GlobalTop Technology's GNSS embedded modules business for $3.2 million. In December, 2017, Sierra Wireless acquired Numerex, in a deal estimated at US$107 million. In 2020, Sierra Wireless completed the acquisition of M2M Group in Australia for USD18.4 million and M2M One in New Zealand for USD3.5 million. In 2020 the company also sold its automotive business for USD144 million. In April 2020, Sierra Wireless appointed Samuel Cochrane as Chief Financial Officer. In November 2020, Sierra Wireless sold its automotive modules division to Rolling Wireless. In July 2021, Sierra Wireless appointed Phil Brace as CEO. In August 2022, Semtech agreed to buy Sierra Wireless in an all-cash transaction valued at US$1.2 billion including debt. The acquisition was completed in January 2023. Patents and technology Sierra Wireless has been granted more than 550 unique patents for an array of technologies ranging from built-in antennas and product form factors, to battery power usage and management and network efficiency improvements. The company currently has patents pending in the US, Europe, Asia, Australia, Mexico, and South Africa. Products Sierra Wireless offers IoT products and services including the following: AirLink, wireless gateways used in industrial, enterprise, and automotive applications. AirLink intelligent gateways and routers use embedded intelligence and the ALEOS Application Framework to support remote management, control, and configuration, and application services for vertical market solutions. Embedded modules providing cellular connectivity for wireless mobile computing and M2M often used by device manufacturers to bring new 3G - 5G, GSM, and CDMA devices to market via PCI Express MiniCards, surface-mount modules, modem-only functionality, and programmable devices. AirVantage, a cloud-based application facilitating M2M service delivery consisting of the AirVantage Management Service M2M device management application, and AirVantage Enterprise Platform for collecting, sharing, and integration of machine data using API standards, as well as development and deployment of M2M applications. Octave, The All-in-One Edge-to-Cloud Solution for connecting industrial assets. Global Connectivity Services. Managed Network Services, providing internet management under a single vendor for a complete solution. Managed IoT Solutions, for agencies and enterprises that require tracking and monitoring. Available as fully-integrated managed services that includes asset/cargo tracking, satellite tracking, fleet tracking and remote monitoring. Until the 2013 sale of all assets and operations, Sierra Wireless also manufactured and marketed AirCard, mobile broadband devices permitting users to connect notebooks, netbooks, and other electronics to the Internet over 3G and 4G mobile broadband networks via PC or express card slots, USB ports, or mobile WiFi hotspots. Community support Sierra Wireless is an active United Way of the Lower Mainland supporter. For its efforts, the company was recognized with United Way Employee Gold Awards and a 2002 Award of Excellence. In 2003, Canadian public university Simon Fraser University announced the creation of the Sierra Wireless Chair in Wireless Communication, which was funded through annual donations for a three-year period. Upon completion of the original three-year term, the company extended its partnership with the university by establishing an endowed Sierra Wireless Professorship in Mobile Communication. In partnership with the university's School of Engineering Science in the Faculty of Applied Sciences, the Sierra Wireless Mobile Communications Laboratory was opened in November 2012. See also Sierra Wireless Voq References External links Companies formerly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange Companies based in Richmond, British Columbia Electronics companies established in 1993 Canadian companies established in 1993 Canadian subsidiaries of foreign companies Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq Electronics companies of Canada Networking companies of Canada Networking hardware companies Routers (computing) Wireless networking Canadian brands 1993 establishments in British Columbia 1999 initial public offerings 2023 mergers and acquisitions
Steve or Stephen McDonald may refer to: Steve McDonald (Celtic music) (born 1950), Celtic music artist Steve McDonald (Coronation Street), a fictional character on the soap opera Coronation Street Steve McDonald (cricketer) (born 1974), English cricketer Steve Macdonald (filk musician) (born 1961), American filk musician Steve MacDonald (soccer), Canadian soccer player Steve MacDonald (strongman) (born 1969), professional strongman competitor Stephen McDonald (footballer) (1884–1964), Scottish footballer Stephen W. McDonald, astronomer See also Steve MacDonald (1971–2002), Canadian drummer with Gorguts Stephen A. MacDonald (born 1946), American software executive Stephen MacDonald (1933–2009), English actor Steven Edward McDonald (born 1956), American writer Steven Shane McDonald (born 1967), bass player Steven McDonald (1957–2017), New York City Police Department detective
The Macchi M.18 was a flying boat designed by Alessandro Tonini and produced by Macchi in Italy in the early 1920s. Originally planned as a passenger aircraft, it entered production as a bomber before eventually being offered on the civil market that it was originally intended for. Design and development A conventional design for World War I, the M.18 was a biplane flying boat with unstaggered wings of unequal span braced by Warren truss-style struts. The engine was mounted pusher-fashion in the interplane gap, and the pilot and observer sat in side-by-side open cockpits. An open position was provided in the bow for a gunner. In addition to the standard military version, a version with folding wings was produced for shipboard use as the M.18AR. This equipped the Italian Navy's seaplane tender Giuseppe Miraglia and the Spanish Navy's Dédalo. The latter service used the type in action against Moroccan rebels. Six of the 20 machines purchased by Spain remained in service at the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War and were used to attack Nationalist forces on Majorca as well as flying reconnaissance patrols. Portugal also operated the type, buying eight examples in 1928. The Paraguayan government bought two Macchi M.18AR in late 1932 for the naval aviation wing. They received the serials R.3 and R.5 and were intensively used in the Chaco War (1932–1935). Both fulfilled many reconnaissance and bombing missions in the North Front during the war. The first aerial night bombing was done by R.5 on December 22, 1934. R.3 was destroyed in an accident at the end of the war and R.5 was in service until the mid-1940s. Three civil versions were eventually produced. The first of these, the M.18 Economico ("Commercial"), was generally similar to the military version, but was followed by the M.18 Lusso ("Luxury") which featured an enclosed cabin. The M.18 Estivo ("Summertime") again reverted to open cockpits. Some 70 civil examples were produced in all, some being purchased by joyriding firms such as Ad Astra Aero in Switzerland and some others being used by SISA for training flying boat pilots for airline service in the Adriatic. Variants M.18 Standard bomber version. M.18AR With folding wings for shipboard use. M.18 Economico (Commercial) Civil version generally similar to the Military bomber. M.18 Lusso (Luxury) Enclosed cabin VIP transport. M.18 Estivo (Summertime) Open cockpit for joyriding. Operators Ecuadorian Air Force Regia Marina Paraguayan Navy Portuguese Navy Spanish Republican Air Force Spanish Republican Navy Spanish Air Force Spanish Navy Specifications (M.18 AR) See also References Notes Bibliography Sapienza Fracchia, Antonio Luis: "La Contribución Italiana en la Aviación Paraguaya". Author's edition. Asunción, 2007. 300 pp. M.18 1920s Italian bomber aircraft Flying boats Single-engined pusher aircraft Biplanes Aircraft first flown in 1920
Ashampoo Burning Studio is an optical disc authoring program for Microsoft Windows, developed by Ashampoo. Current version is 24. Its main advantage is that it is easy to use. However, that is also its weakness: it does not contain many extras that power users might find useful. Ashampoo Burning Studio 22 adds support for H.265 decoding. Ashampoo Burning Studio 23 improves compatibility with Windows 11, adds extensive audiobook module, quick ripping tool, enhanced cover search and more. It is capable of creating compilations of CDs, DVDs, M-DISCs, Blu-ray discs and disc images. It also allows the creation of DVD movies from video files. See also List of optical disc authoring software References External links Official Website Ashampoo Burning Studio Details Page 1999 software Shareware Windows CD/DVD writing software Windows-only proprietary software
Air-Britain, traditionally sub-titled "The International Association of Aviation Enthusiasts", is a non-profit aviation society founded in July 1948. As from 2015, it is constituted as a British charitable trust and book publisher. History Air-Britain was formed in 1948 as an amateur association of aviation enthusiasts. In April 1968, it was incorporated into a company limited by guarantee, Air-Britain (Historians) Ltd. On 16 April 2015, the status of Air-Britain changed from a Private company limited by guarantee, in the form of Air-Britain (Historians) Ltd, to a British charity, in the form of Air-Britain Trust Ltd. Air-Britain organised an annual international aircraft recognition contest that started with an event in September 1961, for all comers, and attracted applications from individuals and teams from various sources such as Royal Observer Corps (ROC), Air Training Corps (ATC), and Air-Britain regional branches. The annual aircraft recognition contest was discontinued after the 48th event held at Royal Air Force Museum London on 21 November 2009. Activities With over 2,500 members worldwide, Air-Britain publishes books about worldwide civilian and military aviation, that are sold via bookshops, air show stands, mail order and via a secure sales website. Two regular journals are published, with coverage of both current and historical aviation themes. Journals Aviation World (all aviation) - quarterly Air-Britain News (current aviation) - monthly eABN (current aviation) - monthly (electronic magazine version of Air-Britain News) Events organised Air-Britain periodically organises events such as international aircraft fly-ins. Defunct publications Archived scans of many journals and books are progressively being made available as PDF files on CDs. Archive (historical civil aviation), 1980 - Dec 2017 (absorbed into Aviation World) Aeromilitaria (historical military aviation), 1975 - Dec 2017 (absorbed into Aviation World) British Civil Register News, 1948 - Jun 1953 (renamed British Civil Aviation News) British Military Serial Numbers, 1950 - Jul 1954 (renamed British Military Aviation News) Overseas Civil Register News, 1952 - 1957 British Civil Aviation News, Jul 1953 - Dec 1965 (absorbed into Air-Britain Digest) Overseas Airline News, Jul 1953 - Dec 1963 (absorbed into Air-Britain Digest) British Military Aviation News, Aug 1954 - Dec 1963 (absorbed into Air-Britain Digest and Aeromilitaria) Commonwealth Aviation News, Jan 1958 - May 1961 (absorbed into Air-Britain Digest) European Aviation News, Jan 1958 - Dec 1963 (absorbed into Air-Britain Digest) Aircraft Movements Review, May 1959 - Dec 1963 (absorbed into Air-Britain Digest) Air-Britain Digest, 1948 - Dec 2002 (renamed Air-Britain Aviation World) See also References External links Main website. http://air-britain.com/web/ Sales website. http://www.air-britain.co.uk ABPIC - a photographic images website accessible to all comers for image uploads and downloads. http://www.abpic.co.uk AB-IX - members-only e-mail forum for information exchange. https://groups.io/g/AB-IX Air-Britain Information Exchange - Researchers' Corner. http://www.ab-ix.co.uk/ Air-Britain Message Board. http://air-britain.freeforums.net/ Facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/airbritain/ Charities based in Kent History of aviation Educational charities based in the United Kingdom
Varnish is a reverse caching proxy used as HTTP accelerator for content-heavy dynamic web sites as well as APIs. In contrast to other web accelerators, such as Squid, which began life as a client-side cache, or Apache and nginx, which are primarily origin servers, Varnish was designed as an HTTP accelerator. Varnish is focused exclusively on HTTP, unlike other proxy servers that often support FTP, SMTP, and other network protocols. History The project was initiated by the online branch of the Norwegian tabloid newspaper Verdens Gang. The architect and lead developer is Danish independent consultant Poul-Henning Kamp (a well-known FreeBSD developer), with management, infrastructure and additional development originally provided by the Norwegian Linux consulting company Linpro. The support, management and development of Varnish was later spun off into a separate company, Varnish Software. Varnish is free and open source software, available under a two-clause BSD license. Commercial support is available from Varnish Software, amongst others. Version 1.0 of Varnish was released in 2006, Varnish 2.0 in 2008, Varnish 3.0 in 2011, Varnish 4.0 in 2014, Varnish 5.0 in 2016, Varnish 6.0 in March 2018, and Varnish 7.0 in September 2021. Architecture Varnish stores data in virtual memory and leaves the task of deciding what is stored in memory and what gets paged out to disk to the operating system. This helps avoid the situation where the operating system starts caching data while it is moved to disk by the application. Varnish is heavily threaded, with each client connection being handled by a separate worker thread. When the configured limit on the number of active worker threads is reached, incoming connections are placed in an overflow queue; when this queue reaches its configured limit incoming connections will be rejected. The principal configuration mechanism is Varnish Configuration Language (VCL), a domain-specific language (DSL) used to write hooks that are called at critical points in the handling of each request. Most policy decisions are left to VCL code, making Varnish more configurable and adaptable than most other HTTP accelerators. When a VCL script is loaded, it is translated to C, compiled to a shared object by the system compiler, and loaded directly into the accelerator which can thus be reconfigured without a restart. A number of run-time parameters control things such as the maximum and the minimum number of worker threads, various timeouts, etc. A command-line management interface allows these parameters to be modified, and new VCL scripts to be compiled, loaded and activated, without restarting the accelerator. In order to reduce the number of system calls in the fast path to a minimum, log data is stored in shared memory, and the task of monitoring, filtering, formatting and writing log data to disk is delegated to a separate application. Performance metrics Varnish Cache can speed up information delivery by a factor of several hundred. To ensure proper operation and performance, Varnish exposes metrics that can be monitored in the following areas: Client metrics: client connections and requests Cache performance: cache hits, evictions Thread metrics: thread creation, failures, queues Backend metrics: success, failure, and health of backend connections Metric collection Varnish Cache ships with monitoring and logging tools. One of the most used is varnishstat which gives a detailed snapshot of Varnish's current performance. It provides access to in-memory statistics such as cache hits and misses, resource consumption, threads created, and more. varnishstat Running varnishstat from the command line returns a continuously updating list of all available Varnish metrics. If the -1 flag is added, varnishstat will exit after printing the list one time. Varnishstat can be used as a standalone tool to spot-check the health of the cache. In order to graph metrics over time, correlate with other statistics from across an infrastructure, and set up alerts about any problems that may arise, monitoring services can integrate with Varnish and collect varnishstat metrics. varnishlog Varnishlog is a tool that can be used to debug or tune Varnish's configuration, as it provides detailed information about each individual request. Load balancing Varnish supports load balancing using both a round robin and a random director, both with a per-backend weighting. Basic health-checking of backends is also available. Other features Varnish Cache also features: Plugin support with Varnish Modules, also called VMODs Support for Edge Side Includes including stitching together compressed ESI fragments Gzip Compression and Decompression DNS, Random, Hashing and Client IP-based Directors HTTP Streaming Pass & Fetch Experimental support for Persistent Storage, without LRU eviction Saint and Grace modes. If a server malfunctions and returns HTTP status code 500, Grace mode will ignore expiry headers and continue to return cached versions. Saint mode is for use when load balancing, where a failing server is blocked for a quarantine period and excluded from the server pool. See also Web accelerator which discusses host-based HTTP acceleration Proxy server which discusses client-side proxies Reverse proxy which discusses origin-side proxies Comparison of web servers Internet Cache Protocol Guru Meditation – an error message used by Varnish References External links Official commercial web site Notes from the Architect "You're Doing It Wrong", June 11, 2010 ACM Queue article by Varnish developer Poul-Henning Kamp describing the implementation of the LRU list. Varnish in Layman's Terms Varnish Cache How-To Reverse proxy Free proxy servers Proxy server software for Linux Unix network-related software Free software programmed in C Free web server software Cross-platform software Forward proxy Software using the BSD license
Michael Meeks is a British software developer. He is primarily known for his work on GNOME, OpenOffice.org and now LibreOffice. He has been a contributor to the GNOME project for a long time working on its infrastructure and associated applications, particularly CORBA, Bonobo, Nautilus and GNOME accessibility. He has worked at Novell, SuSE and then Collabora. Meeks is a free software hacker who has contributed a lot of time to decreasing program load time. He created the direct binding, hashvals, and dynsort implementations for GNU Binutils and glibc. Most of this work was focused at making OpenOffice.org and now its fork LibreOffice start faster, and was later subsumed into the "-hash-style=gnu" linking optimization. He supports LibreOffice and Evolution as the free software solutions for document editing and groupware. Meeks is a Christian, which he says made him think about the moral aspects of his own illegal use of non-free software and converted him finally to free software. References External links Michael Meeks's Twitter feed Alumni of the University of Cambridge British Christians British computer programmers GNOME developers Living people People educated at Christ's Hospital Technology evangelists LibreOffice Year of birth missing (living people)
Nikita Borisov is a cryptographer and computer security researcher, currently an associate professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). His notable work includes one of the first cryptanalyses of the WEP wireless encryption protocol together with Ian Goldberg and David Wagner, and the design of the Off-the-Record Messaging protocol with Goldberg. Borisov received a B. Math in computer science and pure math in 1997 from the University of Waterloo. He received an M.S. and a Ph.D. in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley in 2002 and 2005, respectively. References External links nikita Nikita Borisov's page at UIUC Living people 20th-century births Modern cryptographers Cypherpunks Computer security academics UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty Year of birth missing (living people) University of Waterloo alumni
EverythingCU.com is reportedly an online community of credit union professionals, but is currently serving as host for online gaming. When it began in 2000, it was known as CUMarketingDept.com, and was specifically targeted to credit union marketing professionals. In 2004, the name changed to EverythingCU.com. As of November 2007, EverythingCU.com hosted 5,620 members. Online conversations cover a wide range of topics of concern to credit unions. The site used to facilitates document exchange among its members. The site used to host educational webinars, and an annual educational and networking event for credit union professionals. Whois Registry data shows the last Updated Date as 2022-11-04T07:49:07Z, and the About page currently states: "he [sic] website gives you the opportunity to play free online casino games. On the site you will find gambling games from over 100 casino software developers. Read More" See also :Category:Credit unions References External links EverythingCU.com Press release from the World Council of Credit Unions about brand consulting given to the Bahamas Cooperative League. Community websites
The Small Device C Compiler (SDCC) is a free-software, partially retargetable C compiler for 8-bit microcontrollers. It is distributed under the GNU General Public License. The package also contains an assembler, linker, simulator and debugger. As of March 2007, SDCC is the only open-source C compiler for Intel 8051-compatible microcontrollers. In 2011 the compiler was downloaded on average more than 200 times per day. Supported hosts Sources, documentation, and binaries are available for Linux (32-bit and 64-bit), macOS (PPC and 64-bit), and Windows (32-bit and 64-bit). Supported targets The following include binary compatible derivatives: Intel 8031, 8032, 8051, 8052; Maxim/Dallas DS80C390; C8051 Motorola/Freescale/NXP 68HC08 and 68HCS08 Padauk PDK14 and PDK15 Sharp SM83, the CPU found in the Nintendo Game Boy LR35902 SoC STMicroelectronics STM8 Zilog Z80, Z180, eZ80 in Z80 mode; Rabbit Semiconductor 2000, 2000A, 3000, 3000A, 4000; Toshiba TLCS-90; Z80N (ZX Spectrum Next processor). Work in progress: Microchip PIC16 and PIC18. Padauk PDK13. MOS Technology 6502 Obsolete: AVR microcontrollers use to be a supported target, but was made obsolete by avr-gcc in 2010 (SDCC 3.0.0). See also Z88DK - C compiler for Z80-based systems cc65 - C compiler for 6502/65C02 systems References External links SDCC homepage Sandeep Dutta - Anatomy of a Compiler. A Retargetable ANSI-C Compiler. "Circuit Cellar", issue 121, August 2000, page 35 SDCC Open Knowledge Resource SDCC Open Knowledge Resource FOSDEM 2015 presentation on SDCC A port of FreeRTOS to 8051 Using SDCC on the AT89C52 (8051 derivative) Using SDCC for PIC on Windows with MPLABX C (programming language) compilers Cross-compilers Free compilers and interpreters
The National Cooperative Business Association (NCBA) is a United States membership organization for cooperatives, which are businesses that are jointly owned and democratically controlled. The association was founded in 1916 as the Cooperative League of the United States of America. Its founding president was medical doctor James Peter Warbasse, who served in that role until 1941. NCBA members include some well-known United States consumer brands, such as Ace Hardware, Nationwide Insurance, Cabot Creamery, Organic Valley, Land O'Lakes, and CHS Inc. History In 1922, the League trademarked the twin pines symbol used to represent North American cooperatives. "The pine tree is an ancient symbol of endurance and immortality. The two pines represent mutual cooperation—people helping people." In its first few decades, it focused on consumer cooperation, and published a monthly magazine, "Co-operation". After Warbasse, later presidents included: Murray B. Lincoln, former U.S. Congressman Jerry Voorhis, Stanley Dreyer, Glenn Anderson, Morgan Williams, Bob Scherer, Russell C. Notar, Paul Hazen, and Michael Beall. The organization changed its name to NCBA in 1985. In 2000 the group lobbied the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to establish a new top-level domain exclusively for cooperative organizations. The domain, .coop, became active in 2002. In November 2015, after the resignation of Michael Beall, Judy Ziewacz became interim CEO until she was appointed by the board of directors as president and CEO effective February 1, 2016. Ziewacz was the first woman to hold the office of president and CEO in NCBA CLUSA's 100 years of service. She was succeeded two years later by Doug O'Brien. Mission The association's mission is "to develop, advance and protect cooperative enterprise." It is one of the oldest non-profit coop and trade association in the U.S. NCBA has been operating internationally since 1953 with a mission to "alleviate poverty through social and economic empowerment." References External links Official site of NCBA Co-operation magazine facsimile archive, 1921–1947 Cooperative League of the U.S.A. records, 1914-1982 - Archive of organizational records at the University of Wisconsin Cooperative federations Organizations established in 1916 Cooperatives in the United States
Shotgun surgery is an antipattern in software development and occurs where a developer adds features to an application codebase which span a multiplicity of implementors or implementations in a single change. This is common practice in many programming scenarios, as a great amount of programming effort is usually expended on adding new features to increase the value of programming assets. As a consequence, these new features may require adding code in several places simultaneously where the code itself looks very similar and may only have slight variations. Owing to the fast-paced nature of commercial software development, there may not be sufficient time to remodel (or refactor) a system to support the new features trivially. As a consequence, the practice of copy-and-paste programming is prevalent; the code is written in a single place then simply copied to all other places where that implementation is required (with any required changes applied in-place). This practice is generally frowned on by the refactoring community as a direct violation of the Once and Only Once principle – ultimately any change to the new functionality may require widespread changes. Further, any potential software bug in this new feature will be replicated many-fold and can make bug fixing particularly difficult and tedious. Even in the absence of copied code, the implementations are guaranteed to be very similar and just as prone to requirements change or bug fixing. This form of software development tends to favour short-term improvement (in the form of additional features) at the cost of long-term maintainability and stability. Example The canonical example of this practice is logging which generally adds prologue code to many functions simultaneously, for example: void Func() { ... } void Func2() { ... } ... void FuncN() { ... } Could be transformed to: void Func() { printf("Entering Func\n"); ... } void Func2() { printf("Entering Func2\n"); ... } ... void FuncN() { printf("Entering FuncN\n"); ... } Here a single requirement has added similar code to several functions simultaneously. As such any change in requirements here (namely adding line numbers to the log) would now require a considerable effort. Shotgun surgery is not synonymous with cut and paste coding, as highlighted by this trivial example. The practice of copying code can be viewed as a "means to an end", where shotgun surgery is merely an "end" (i.e. there are many ways to reach the same conclusion). Consequences of shotgun surgery The concerns with this style are by-and-large the same as those for any duplication in a software system; that is, duplicating the same logic in many places can vastly increase the costs of making changes to the same logic later. Some of the aforementioned costs are measurable, others are not (at least not trivially). There is also some evidence that this antipattern is correlated with higher defect rates. Typically some combination of the following is to be expected: Increased developer effort and reduced throughput Associated monetary cost of the above (as in commercial development) Psychological effects and potential neglect of code Of these the most insidious are the psychological effects (e.g. see broken windows theory) which can exponentially lead to software rot. When uncontrolled this can cause entire codebases to become unmaintainable. Generally the only solution to this problem is to completely rewrite the code (at substantial cost). Mitigation Aspect-oriented programming (AOP) aims at reducing these forms of invasive modifications in favour of adopting an "aspect" or "concern". The solutions take the form of boilerplate code which can be applied over a domain of functions simultaneously (through the process of weaving) which vastly reduces the amount of duplicated code. The use of domain-specific languages is also becoming more widespread where light-weight compilers are written to generate most of the duplicated code on the behalf of the programmer. Both methods fall into the broader categories of code generation and automation. See also Shotgun debugging Technical debt Viscosity, a measurement of resistance to change for the design of notations. References Anti-patterns
is a Japanese musical composer originally from Hyōgo, Japan working for the visual novel brand Key under VisualArt's. Before forming Key, Orito worked for another software company named Leaf where he contributed to four games. After leaving Leaf, Orito transferred to another company named Tactics where he had a hand in the creation of three games for that company: Dōsei, Moon, and One: Kagayaku Kisetsu e. After forming Key, Orito has put much work into such famous titles as Kanon, Air and Clannad. Orito has been influenced by the famous Japanese composers Joe Hisaishi and Yuzo Koshiro. Career After graduating from high school, Orito went to work at a bank, but due to a recession in the economy, the bank eventually fell to restructuring, and Orito quit soon after. Orito originally found new work at the video game developer TGL composing music, but was invited by a friend from high school named Naoya Shimokawa (now the president of Aquaplus) to come work for the video game developer Leaf, which Orito accepted. Starting in 1995, Orito composed music for three of Leaf's game: DR2 Night Janki, Filsnown: Hikari to Koku, and Shizuku (precursor of To Heart). While Leaf's next game Hatsune no Naisho!! was under production, Orito quit Leaf. Orito got a part-time job working for a post office while providing outsourced musical composition for the video game developer Tactics under Nexton for the game Dōsei; afterwards, Orito was hired into Tactics where he helped compose music for two more games: Moon, and One: Kagayaku Kisetsu e. In 1999, Orito and much of the staff who made both Moon and One, including Jun Maeda, Itaru Hinoue, Naoki Hisaya, and OdiakeS, left Tactics to work under the video game publishing company VisualArt's where they formed the company Key. At Key, Orito has composed music for all of Key's titles, though he only contributed to a single track on the original soundtrack for Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet. Music that Orito composes for Key titles is published on Key's record label Key Sounds Label. The first album on the label, Humanity..., was produced by Orito for his temporary band Work-S. Orito was also the director for the remix album OTSU Club Music Compilation Vol.1, also on Key Sounds Label, and is a member of OTSU, standing for the Organized Trance Sequential Unit. During his time at Key, Orito has provided outsourced musical composition for three games by three separate companies also under VisualArt's. The first was for the game Sense Off by Otherwise, followed by the game Shoya Kinjō by Giant Panda, and finally the game Realize by Playm. In 2001, Orito composed the opening and ending themes for the anime series Please Teacher!. In 2006, Orito composed the song "Precious" on Mami Kawada's debut album Seed. Between December 2007 and August 2010, Orito was one of three personalities (the others being Itaru Hinoue and another woman named Chiro working for Pekoe, another visual novel studio under VisualArt's) on an Internet radio show sponsored by Key in regards to the brand called Key Net Radio. Orito composed the music for Key's game Rewrite (2011) and its fan disc Rewrite Harvest festa! (2012). Orito released his album Circle of Fifth in October 2012. In 2016, Orito composed music for Key's game Harmonia. Shinji Orito's musical roots come from him producing dōjin music as a hobby. He used to visit a music BBS named Unison-BBS; Orito named his dōjin circle Unison Label after the website, which has since disappeared from the Internet. Many people were involved with the circle, which focused on a musical style similar to that of featured in bishōjo games. This group was in operation between 1994 and 2000, well into Orito's professional career. During the time he worked with Tactics and later Otherwise, Orito was also a member of a professional group of composers known as the Unison Sound Team; under this group, Orito was known as either or . References External links Key's official website Key Sounds Label official website OTSU official website 1973 births Anime composers Japanese composers Japanese film score composers Japanese male composers Japanese male film score composers Japanese techno musicians Key (company) Living people Musicians from Hyōgo Prefecture Video game composers
VMware Workstation Pro (known as VMware Workstation until release of VMware Workstation 12 in 2015) is a hosted (Type 2) hypervisor that only runs on x64 versions of Windows and Linux operating systems. There used to be an x86-32 version for earlier versions for the software. It enables users to set up virtual machines (VMs) on a single physical machine and use them simultaneously along with the host machine. Each virtual machine can execute its own operating system, including versions of Microsoft Windows, Linux, BSD, and MS-DOS. VMware Workstation is developed and sold by VMware, Inc. There is a free-of-charge version called VMware Workstation Player (known as VMware Player until release of VMware Workstation 12 in 2015), for non-commercial use. An operating systems license is needed to use proprietary ones such as Windows. Ready-made Linux VMs set up for different purposes are available from several sources. VMware Workstation supports bridging existing host network adapters and sharing physical disk drives and USB devices with a virtual machine. It can simulate disk drives; an ISO image file can be mounted as a virtual optical disc drive, and virtual hard disk drives are implemented as .vmdk files. VMware Workstation Pro can save the state of a virtual machine (a "snapshot") at any instant. These snapshots can later be restored, effectively returning the virtual machine to the saved state, as it was and free from any post-snapshot damage to the VM. VMware Workstation includes the ability to group multiple virtual machines in an inventory folder. The machines in such a folder can then be powered on and powered off as a single object, useful for testing complex client-server environments. 2016 company changes and future development VMware Workstation versions 12.0.0, 12.0.1, and 12.1.0 were released at intervals of about two months in 2015. In January 2016 the entire development team behind VMware Workstation and Fusion was disbanded and all US developers were immediately fired. The company said that "the restructuring activities will not impact the existence of any current product lines", that "roles and responsibilities associated with particular businesses will be moved to other regions and office locations", and that investment would continue "with emphasis on our growth products". The future of Workstation and Fusion became uncertain. On 24 April 2016 maintenance release 12.1.1 was released. In September, same year, the company announced that "we’re very much alive and well". Consequently, on September 13 Workstation 12.5 and Fusion 8.5 were released as free upgrades which added support for Windows 10 Anniversary edition and Windows Server 2016. Since then versions 14 (in 2017, skipping number 13), 15 (in 2018), 16 (in 2020) and 17 (in 2022) were released. Version history Host OS support Variants There was a free VMware Player distinct from Workstation, with similar but reduced functionality, until VMware Player v7, Workstation v11. In 2015 the two packages were combined as VMware Workstation 12, with a free VMware Workstation Player version which, on purchase of a player license key granted commercial use. However, purchase of a pro license key became the higher specification VMware Workstation Pro. VMware Workstation Player, like VMware Player before it, is free of charge for non-commercial use, or for distribution or other use by written agreement. Workstation Pro is also available for download for a 30 day free trial period, and is easily confused with Workstation Player, which is an unlimited-time restricted-functionality version. VMware Workstation Player (formerly known as Player Pro), free for non-commercial use; a license may be purchased for commercial use, also providing eligibility for paid support. VMware Workstation Pro, available for a 30-day free trial before purchase but distinct from the permanently free version. The features of the versions are compared on the VMware web site. VMware Tools VMware Tools, a package with drivers and other software available for the various guest operating systems VMware products support, installs in guest operating systems to add functionality. Tools is updated from time to time, with v12.1.5 in 29 November 2022. It has several components, including the following: Drivers for emulated hardware: VESA-compliant graphics for the guest machine to access high screen resolutions and/or special window effects such as Windows Aero/Desktop Window Manager Network drivers for the vmxnet2 and vmxnet3 NIC Ensoniq AudioPCI audio Mouse integration Support of shared folders and drag-and-drop file transfer between host and guest. This functionality is described as HGFS (Host Guest File System), and may be disabled by default for security; it may be enabled by changes to the .VMX configuration file Clipboard sharing between host and guest Time-synchronization capabilities (guest synchronizes with host machine's clock) Support for Unity, a feature that allows seamless integration of applications with the host desktop by hiding the monitor of the Virtual Machine and drawing the windows of applications running in the virtual machine on the host. Unity support was added for Windows 10 and removed for Linux in Workstation 12. Third-party resources Ready-to-use virtual machines Many ready-made virtual machines (VMs) which run on VMware Workstation Player, VMware Workstation Pro, and other virtualization software are available for specific purposes, either for purchase or free of charge; for example free Linux-based "browser appliances" with the Firefox or other browser installed which can be used for safe Web browsing; if infected or damaged it can be discarded and replaced by a clean copy. The appliance can be configured to automatically reset itself after each use so personal information and other changes are not stored. VMs distributed legally only have freely distributable operating systems, as operating systems on VMs must be licensed; ready-to-use Microsoft Windows VMs, in particular, are not distributed, except for evaluation versions. Other tools PowerWF - Provides a visual representation of VMware VIX scripts, converting them into workflows, or converting workflows into Powershell cmdlets and modules. VIX is VMware's addition to Microsoft's Powershell for automation of the VMware Player. See also Comparison of platform virtualization software OS-level virtualization VirtualBox VMware Fusion VMware Workstation Player x86 virtualization References External links Workstation Virtualization software Windows software Proprietary cross-platform software 1998 software
Architectural design optimization (ADO) is a subfield of engineering that uses optimization methods to study, aid, and solve architectural design problems, such as optimal floorplan layout design, optimal circulation paths between rooms, sustainability and the like. ADO can be achieved through retrofitting, or it can be incorporated within the initial construction a building. Methods of ADO might include the use of metaheuristic, direct search or model-based optimisation. It could also be a more rudimentary process involving identification of a perceived or existing problem with a buildings design in the concept design phase. Evolution of digital ADO The origins of digital based methods of ADO can be attributed to the early days of Computer-Aided Design (CAD), a type of software which enabled architects to create, modify and optimise their drafts freely within a digital environment. Although CAD was invented in the early 1960s, with Ivan Sutherland's Sketchpad, its applications predominated the aerospace and automotive industries. It was only until the 1970s that it became of novel use to architects, and only in the 90s did it become widespread within the industry. Programs such as AutoCAD, Rhinoceros and Revit have since assisted architects in the creation of more accurate, more extensively optimised designs by relying on computational power to determine efficient variables in areas of daylighting, energy consumption, circulation and the like. This process has been significantly aided by the integration of black box simulations such as genetic algorithms, which greatly increase the efficacy of ADO when used in conjunction with CAD software. Certain CAD software have begun to implement simulation algorithms natively within their programs. Grasshopper, a virtual programming environment within Rhinoceros 3D, utilises Galapagos as an inbuilt GA. Methods of ADO Genetic algorithms Genetic algorithms (GA) are the most popular form of metaheuristic, black box simulation utilised in the fulfilment of complex ADO. GA emulate the process of biological evolution by engaging in a recursive process of selection or deletion based on a criterion of ‘fitness’. Fitness is determined by how effective or ineffective a solution is at solving a given design problem, such as the optimum angle of windows to achieve daylighting, circulation etc. What differentiates GA from more rudimentary, gradient method simulations is its ability to search for a solution from a population of potential solutions. This multi-directional approach accounts for the often-non-linear nature of architectural design problems by allowing for complex variables from multiple different areas to be incorporated into the optimisation process. The randomised, non-linear characteristics of GA mean they are capable offering solutions to design problems which are, at times, more inventive and unconventional than their search-based counterparts. Due to the complexity of GA simulations, they take a comparatively longer time to perform than other methods. This can be a significant implication to projects operating under time constraints. A study published in 2015 indicated that variations on traditional methods of GA could effectively reduce the processing time of simulations. These included methods of offline simulation and divide and conquer, which utilise architectural domain knowledge to simplify parameters in areas of daylighting and travel distance. This was proposed as one way to increase the accessibility of GA to architects. Model-based optimisation Model-based optimisation, unlike metaheuristic and direct search methods, utilises a surrogate model to iteratively refine and optimise architecture. The surrogate model is an explicit representation of implicit mathematical processes, such as statistics or machine learning. Because this method constructs a surrogate model based on an approximation of the underlying simulations, it can be faster to process than alternative methods of black-box optimisation. The efficacy of the surrogate model is determined by the accuracy of the mathematical model. For this reason, some of the time-saving features of model-based optimisation could be invalidated by any additional time spent improving the mathematical functions which regulate the surrogate model. Model based optimisation is advantageous as it enables architects to visually articulate design problems and solutions in real time within design interfaces such as Grasshopper, Rhinoceros 3D, Dynamo BIM and GenerativeComponents. Direct search Direct search methods of optimisation operate by selecting parameters in a deterministic sequence, from one point to the next successively until a global optimum is achieved. It is not as ubiquitous a method as genetic algorithms in ADO, but research suggests it outperforms metaheuristic simulations such as GA when improvement attained through each evaluation is measured. There are two types of direct search optimisation, local direct search and global direct search. Single-objective local direct search is one of the earliest and most rudimentary optimisation techniques, but is still utilised in contemporary ADO. Multi-objective global direct search is generally considered to be more effective at solving complex architectural design problems. Concept design This method does not rely on computational optimisation, but instead requires the architect to locate areas of optimisation through creative problem solving. This method is limited in its reliance on individual performance and is not likely to yield the most effective optimisation on its own. It could be used in conjunction with optimisation simulations when simulation results are at odds with aesthetic requirements and compromise is necessary. It might also be required when architectural domain knowledge is unknown to the algorithm, and the designer must manually adjust parameters to simplify variables within the simulation. Performance-based vs performance-driven optimisation Performance-based and performance-driven optimisation are closely related to each other but vary in how they achieve ADO. The latter concerns itself primarily with the use of computational simulations to optimise based on a set of performance criteria, completing iterations independent from the designer. Performance-based optimisation relies more heavily on the input of the designer to complete iterations. For example, a designer will identify an aspect of a buildings performance that they wish to optimise in the concept design phase and interpret the results of localised simulations to complete iterations manually. This is generally less effective, but also less time-consuming, making it an attractive option for projects operating under time constraints. Certain aspects of a buildings performance which are not readily quantifiable, such as aesthetic and cultural performance, may require alternative methods of optimisation. Applications of ADO Sustainability One potential application of ADO is in the reduction of a building's energy consumption and environmental impact. This might be achieved through the optimisation of the envelope, or façade of a building to ensure ideal thermal properties, which could subsequently reduce the necessity of cooling and heating systems. Other aspects of a buildings form, such as roofing, might be optimised for renewable energy sources. ADO could also assist in the selection of materials that maintain aesthetic and structural qualities, while also being sustainable and of low environmental impact to the surrounding area. Research has shown that ADO can be used jointly with Building Information Modelling (BMI) to ensure the sustainable construction of architecture. This often involves a multi-disciplinary collaboration between architects, structural and mechanical engineers, and consultants. Model-based methods of ADO can be incorporated with BIM to estimate “energy consumption, cost analysis and lifecycle costs” and establish a buildings overall sustainability in relation to each of these criteria. Lifecycle analysis in particular can enable stakeholders to observe the impact of a buildings construction and make prescient decisions regarding its sustainability. Daylighting ADO can also be applied to ensure sufficient daylighting within a building. Black box simulations might assist in determining the optimum placement of windows, as well their size, in relation to the building's situation to maximise daylighting. They can similarly determine a floor plan that maximises daylighting from the building's exterior, while concurrently minimising the obstruction of light from interior rooms. Surrogate models, such as those used in model-based optimisation, have proved effective in optimising daylighting through the measurement of Useful Daylight Illuminance (UDI). UDI measures the daylight illuminance within a building based on what is most ‘useful’ to those inhabiting the space. A study measuring the success of optimal UDI in the New Jurong Church building compared optimisation of UDI using both GA and model-based simulations within Grasshopper. It found that RBFOpt, a model-based simulation, produced an objective value of 0.78 while Galapagos, a GA native to Grasshopper, produced a value of 0.05. Research has also indicated a combination of GA and parametric modelling as an effective method of optimising daylight illuminance. Visual comfort (glare) and thermal comfort are other potential applications of ADO to daylighting. HVAC systems ADO can help to promote natural as well as man-made ventilation in a buildings design. This might involve establishing wind properties on a building's exterior to ascertain the most efficient method of natural ventilation. In areas where natural ventilation cannot be sufficiently optimised, such as in a buildings substructure, ADO can assist in developing an internal ventilation system that efficiently distributes air. The optimisation of HVAC systems can also allow for a reduction in emissions, which may increase a building's sustainability. Multi-objective simulations have proven capable of achieving this by optimising the insulation and ‘tightness’ of a building to reduce room temperatures and overheating. Evolutionary algorithms such as GA are particularly effective at optimising HVAC due to their multi-directional nature, accounting for interactions that occur between each system and other variables, such as the effects of climate. Layout design ADO could be employed to reduce travel time between internal areas of a building through the optimisation of its floor plan layout. Ideal circulation paths within a building might also be attained through the considered placement of stairwells, elevators, and escalators in relation to frequently used amenities. This type of optimisation concerns itself primarily with the spatial configuration of a building, encompassing things such as “component packaging, route path planning, process and facilities layout, VLSI design and architectural layout.” Optimisation of these areas can be broken down further into the binaries of topology and geometry. Topology explores the relationship between structures in a buildings layout while geometry concerns itself more with the placement and dimensions of each structure. Research conducted in 2002 showed that the optimisation of geometry using gradient-based methods yielded successful results, while the optimisation of topology was limited due to the additional complexity of parameters. More recent studies have shown that model-based simulation using parametric modelling is effective at optimising the topology of structural elements outside of layout design, such as the design of truss structures. Acoustics The acoustic qualities of a building can be optimised to provide appropriate volume as well as direct sound towards specified areas. The Strait Cultural Center in Fuzhou, China, utilised ADO to optimise the curvature of wall and ceiling structures to facilitate acoustic efficiency. This was achieved through the creation of an iterative model that optimised based on reflection coverage while concurrently reducing unwanted acoustic noise resulting from the shape of the geometry. Norman Foster and Arup similarly utilised ADO in their design of The Greater London Assembly Building, assessing acoustical performance through model-based simulations. Disadvantages of black box simulations Due to the complex, time-consuming, computationally demanding and at times restrictive nature of black box simulations, there has been some debate over whether these methods are prohibitive in their practical, everyday use to architects. Architectural firms have been hesitant in the past to employ simulations due to a “lack of pressure/appreciation from the client, high cost of software acquisition and insufficient staff/training skills due to steep learning curves” as well as the absence of user-friendly interfaces. In a survey conducted in 2015, 93% of architects indicated that they would like to better understand the computational principles that underpin optimisation simulations. Other research aimed at addressing this very problem concluded that architects should be educated on the nature of black box simulations and should be able to readily engage with them through an intuitive program that obviates the need for any programming ability. A majority of architects in the survey also indicated a preference for global multi-objective simulations over local, single objective simulations. Multi-objective simulations, such as those that employ GA, solve this problem, but demand significant computational power and time. Research has been conducted to find a viable alternative to GA that exhausts less resources and will be more accessible to architects. References Architectural design
SUSE Linux ( , ) is a computer operating system developed by SUSE. It is built on top of the free and open source Linux kernel and is distributed with system and application software from other open source projects. SUSE Linux is of German origin, its name being an acronym of "Software und System-Entwicklung" (software and systems development), and it was mainly developed in Europe. The first version appeared in early 1994, making SUSE one of the oldest existing commercial distributions. It is known for its YaST configuration tool. Novell bought the SUSE (then "SuSE") brands and trademarks in 2003. Novell, one of the founding members of the Open Invention Network, decided to make the community an important part of their development process by opening widely the distribution development to outside contributors in 2005, creating the openSUSE distribution and the openSUSE Project. Novell employed more than 500 developers working on SUSE in 2004. On 27 April 2011, Novell (and SUSE) were acquired by The Attachmate Group, which made SUSE an independent business unit. Later, in October 2014, the entire Attachmate Group, including SUSE, was acquired by the British firm Micro Focus International. SUSE continues to operate as an independent business unit. On 2 July 2018, it was announced that Micro Focus would sell SUSE to Blitz 18-679 GmbH, a subsidiary of EQT Partners, for $2.535 billion. The acquisition was completed on March 18, 2019. History The developer The developing Gesellschaft für Software und System Entwicklung mbH (Lit. Company for Software and System Development) was founded on 2 September 1992 in Nuremberg, Germany, by Roland Dyroff, Thomas Fehr, Burchard Steinbild, and Hubert Mantel. Three of the founders were still mathematics students at a university; Fehr had already graduated and was working as a software engineer. The original idea was that the company would develop software and function as an advisory UNIX group. According to Mantel, the group decided to distribute Linux, offering support. Their name at founding was "S.u.S.E." (Software und System-Entwicklung "Software and systems development"); however, the full name has never been used. "S.u.S.E." was shortened to "SuSE" in October 1998 and restylized to "SUSE" in 2003. The official logo and current mascot of the distribution is a veiled chameleon officially named GEEKO (a portmanteau of "gecko" and "geek"). As with the company's name, the GEEKO logo has evolved to reflect company name changes. Origins The company started as a service provider, regularly releasing software packages that included Softlanding Linux System (SLS, now defunct) and Slackware and printing UNIX and Linux manuals, and offering technical assistance. These third-party products SUSE initially used had those characteristics and were managed by SUSE in different fashions: In mid-1992, Peter MacDonald created the comprehensive Linux distribution known as SLS, which offered elements such as X and TCP/IP. This was distributed to people who wanted to get Linux via floppy disks. In 1993, Patrick Volkerding cleaned up the SLS Linux distribution, releasing a newer version as Slackware. In 1994, with help from Patrick Volkerding, Slackware scripts were translated into German, which was marked as the first release of S.u.S.E. Linux 1.0 distribution. It was available first on floppies, and then on CDs. To build its own Linux distribution, S.u.S.E. used SLS in 1992 and jurix in 1996 as starting point. This was created by Florian La Roche, who joined the S.u.S.E. team. He began to develop YaST, the installer and configuration tool that would become the central point of the distribution. In 1996, the first distribution under the name S.u.S.E. Linux was published as S.u.S.E. Linux 4.2, a reference to the answer to "The Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe and Everything" from the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. YaST's first version number, 0.42, was a similar reference. Expansion Over time, SuSE Linux incorporated many aspects of Red Hat Linux, such as its RPM Package Manager and its file structure. S.u.S.E. became the largest Linux distributor in Germany. In 1997, SuSE, LLC was established under the direction of president and managing partner James Gray in Oakland, California, which enabled the company to develop Linux markets in the Americas and Asia. While Red Hat was ubiquitous in the United States, SuSE Linux continued to grow in Germany as well as in Nordic countries such as Finland and Sweden. In October 1998, the name was changed officially to, SuSE (without dots). Linus Torvalds, the creator of the Linux kernel, used it fairly often. SuSE entered the UK in 1999. In 2001, the company was forced to reduce its staff significantly in order to survive. Novell On 4 November 2003, Novell announced it would acquire SuSE Linux AG for $210 million. The acquisition was finalized in January 2004. In a move to reach its business audience more effectively, SuSE introduced the SUSE Linux Enterprise Server in 2001, and a few months before Novell's purchase, changed the company name to "SUSE Linux". "SUSE" is now a name, not an acronym. According to J. Philips, Novell's corporate technology strategist for the Asia Pacific region, Novell would not "in the medium term" alter the way in which SUSE was developed. At Novell's annual BrainShare conference in 2004, for the first time, all of their computers were run with SUSE Linux and it was announced that the proprietary SUSE administration program YaST2 would be released under the GPL license. The openSUSE Project On 4 August 2005, Novell announced that the SUSE Professional series would become more open, with the launch of the openSUSE Project community. The software always had been open source, but openSUSE opened the development process, allowing developers and users to test and develop it. Previously, all development work had been accomplished in-house by SUSE. Version 10.0 was the first version that offered public beta testing. SUSE Linux 10.0 included both open source and proprietary applications and retail boxed-set editions. As part of the change, YaST Online Update server access became free for all SUSE Linux users, and also for the first time, the GNOME desktop was upgraded to equal status with the traditional KDE. In November 2005, SUSE founder Hubert Mantel announced his resignation from the company. He stated that Novell's acquisition had changed SUSE beyond his expectations and that he did not believe it was the same company that he had founded 13 years earlier. The resignation apparently stemmed from a dispute over the implementation of Ximian products in the GNOME-based default desktop environment for the Linux distribution. He re-joined only a year later. Microsoft agreement On 3 November 2006 (renewed 25 July 2011), Novell signed an agreement with Microsoft covering improvement of SUSE's ability to interoperate with Microsoft Windows, cross-promotion/marketing of both products and patent cross-licensing. The agreement is considered controversial by some in the Free Software community. The Attachmate Group takeover On 22 November 2010, Novell announced that it had agreed to acquisition by The Attachmate Group for $2.2 billion. The Attachmate Group plans to operate Novell as two units with SUSE becoming a stand-alone business, and it anticipates no change to the relationship between the SUSE business and the openSUSE project as a result of this transaction. The U.S. Department of Justice announced that in order to proceed with the first phase of their acquisition of certain patents and patent applications from Novell Inc., CPTN Holdings LLC and its owners would have to alter their original agreements to address the department's antitrust concerns. The department said that, as originally proposed, the deal would jeopardize the ability of open source software, such as Linux, to continue to innovate and compete in the development and distribution of server, desktop, and mobile operating systems as well as middleware and virtualization products. Stipulations regarding the licensing the patents were: All of the Novell patents will be acquired subject to the GNU General Public License, Version 2, a widely adopted open-source license, and the Open Invention Network (OIN) License, a significant license for the Linux System; CPTN does not have the right to limit which of the patents, if any, are available under the OIN license; and Neither CPTN nor its owners will make any statement or take any action with the purpose of influencing or encouraging either Novell or Attachmate to modify which of the patents are available under the OIN license. The acquisition was completed on 27 April 2011. Subsequently, on 23 July 2011 The Attachmate Group launched a new website for the SUSE business. Micro Focus merger On 20 November 2014, the Attachmate Group merged with Micro Focus to form the Micro Focus Group. SUSE is operated as a separate business unit with a dedicated product portfolio. EQT Partners acquisition On 2 July 2018, it was announced that Micro Focus would sell its SUSE business segment to EQT Partners for $2.535 billion. The acquisition was completed on March 18, 2019. Versions SUSE provides a thirteen-year product life cycle for SUSE Linux Enterprise 11 & 12. SUSE distributions SUSE Linux Enterprise Server SUSE family products SUSE Linux is available under two brands, openSUSE and SUSE Linux Enterprise. openSUSE is a free, community distribution driven by the openSUSE Project. It includes some of the latest "bleeding edge" Linux technologies and is designed for home users and enthusiasts. SUSE Linux Enterprise is Suse's tested and certified open-source solution for major enterprises. openSUSE vs SUSE Linux Enterprise openSUSE is a freely available, community project that releases versions on a comparatively frequent basis, and generally uses the latest versions of the various open source projects that it includes. SUSE Linux Enterprise is SUSE's commercial edition, which SUSE releases much less frequently, enabling it to offer support more effectively for enterprise and production deployments. It is certified for a wide variety of enterprise applications and offers a number of special enterprise features including, High Availability and Point of Sale extensions. SUSE historically uses a heavily tested subset of packages from openSUSE Linux as the basis for SUSE Linux Enterprise. Starting with openSUSE 15, SUSE made its "Leap" variant directly upgradable to SUSE Linux Enterprise. SUSE Linux Enterprise Server vs Desktop SUSE offers SUSE Linux Enterprise Server and SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop. Each focuses on packages that fit its specific purpose. For example, SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop does not include the Apache Web Server, and SUSE Linux Enterprise Server does not include Xgl/Compiz. In contrast, openSUSE does not have separate distributions for server, desktop, and tablets. Rather, its repositories contain the needed software, and use installation patterns to accomplish the same. openSUSE Linux openSUSE is driven by the openSUSE Project community and sponsored by SUSE, to develop and maintain SUSE Linux components. It is the equivalent of the historic "SuSE Linux Professional". After their acquisition of SUSE Linux, Novell (now SUSE) decided to make the community central to their development process. It has a theoretical development cycle of 8 months and a lifetime (duration of the critical updates) of 18 months from the date of release. It is fully and freely available for immediate download. openSUSE was the sixth most popular Linux distribution for 2013 and the fourth most popular for 2014, according to DistroWatch. SUSE Linux Enterprise SUSE develops multiple products for its "enterprise" business line. These business products target corporate environments, with a higher life cycle (10 years, extendable to 13), a longer development cycle (6 to 18 months), a guarantee of stability at the potential expense of development speed, technical support, and certification by independent hardware and software vendors. SUSE Linux Enterprise products are only available for sale (updates fees). SUSE Linux Enterprise has fewer packages than the openSUSE distribution. Most of the differences are desktop applications that are more suited to consumers than to business. The enterprise products are: SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES) is a server-oriented operating system targeted at corporate environments. SUSE Linux Enterprise Real Time is a modified version of SLES supporting low-latency operations where the time factor is critical. SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop (SLED) is a desktop-oriented operating system targeted at corporate environments. SUSE Linux Enterprise Thin Client (SLETC) is a modified version of SLED targeted at thin client terminals. When installed using a Linux kernel, Novell Open Enterprise Server (OES) uses SUSE Linux Enterprise Server as a platform. This product is also known as OES-Linux. SUSE Linux Enterprise was included with VMware's vSphere licensing, up until June 25, 2014 for 'free', as noted on SUSE Partners website SUSE Studio SUSE's SUSE Studio product was a web interface (built using Ruby on Rails) to openSUSE's KIWI and the Open Build Service tools. It allowed users to put together a custom Linux distribution graphically and to generate output including a large variety of Virtual Machine and Disk Images. SUSE Studio merged with Open Build Service and the resulting project was renamed to SUSE Studio Express in September 2017. See also Linux on IBM Z List of Linux distributions Comparison of Linux distributions SUSE Studio Novell UnixWare Novell Corsair Novell Exposé Caldera OpenLinux and Caldera Network Desktop List of computing mascots References Citations General sources External links SUSE openSUSE.org Planet SUSE RPM-based Linux distributions Linux distributions
Sawzall is a procedural domain-specific programming language, used by Google to process large numbers of individual log records. Sawzall was first described in 2003, and the szl runtime was open-sourced in August 2010. However, since the MapReduce table aggregators have not been released, the open-sourced runtime is not useful for large-scale data analysis of multiple log files off the shelf. Sawzall has been replaced by Lingo (logs in Go) for most purposes within Google. Motivation Google's server logs are stored as large collections of records (Protocol Buffers) that are partitioned over many disks within GFS. In order to perform calculations involving the logs, engineers can write MapReduce programs in C++ or Java. MapReduce programs need to be compiled and may be more verbose than necessary, so writing a program to analyze the logs can be time-consuming. To make it easier to write quick scripts, Rob Pike et al. developed the Sawzall language. A Sawzall script runs within the Map phase of a MapReduce and "emits" values to tables. Then the Reduce phase (which the script writer does not have to be concerned about) aggregates the tables from multiple runs into a single set of tables. Currently, only the language runtime (which runs a Sawzall script once over a single input) has been open-sourced; the supporting program built on MapReduce has not been released. Features Some interesting features include: A Sawzall script has a single input (a log record) and can output only by emitting to tables. The script can have no other side-effects. A script can define any number of output tables. Table types include: collection saves every value emitted sum saves the sum of every emitted value maximum(n) saves only the highest n values on a given weight. In addition, there are several statistical table types that give inexact results. The higher the parameter n, the more accurate the estimates are. sample(n) gives a random sample of n values from all the emitted values quantile(n) calculates a cumulative probability distribution of the given numbers. top(n) gives n values that are probably the most frequent of the emitted values. unique(n) estimates the number of unique values emitted. Sawzall's design favors efficiency and engine simplicity over power: Sawzall is statically typed, and the engine compiles the script to x86 before running it. Sawzall supports the compound data types lists, maps, and structs. However, there are no references or pointers. All assignments and function arguments create copies. This means that recursive data structures and cycles are impossible. Like C, functions can modify global variables and local variables but are not closures. Sawzall code This complete Sawzall program will read the input and produce three results: the number of records, the sum of the values, and the sum of the squares of the values. count: table sum of int; total: table sum of float; sum_of_squares: table sum of float; x: float = input; emit count <- 1; emit total <- x; emit sum_of_squares <- x * x; See also Pig – similar tool and language for use with Apache Hadoop Sawmill (software) References Further reading S. Ghemawat, H. Gobioff, S.-T. Leung, The Google file system, in: 19th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles, Proceedings, 17 ACM Press, 2003, pp. 29–43. External links Google Code Archive - Long-term storage for Google Code Project Hosting. MapReduce Domain-specific programming languages Procedural programming languages Google software Programming languages created in 2003 Software using the Apache license
Empolis Information Management GmbH is a software company specializing in content management and knowledge management with focus on "smart information management". History Founded in 1986 as EPS (printing systems) Bertelsmann, a subsidiary of MohnDruck GmbH in Guetersloh, Germany. In 2000, the company was renamed to Empolis as a result of a merger of four German software companies (EPS, Step, Tecinno, Schnittstelle). In April 2009, Empolis GmbH, Living-e and Attensity Corporation joined forces to become the Attensity Group. As of May 2010, Living-e and Empolis are doing business under the name Attensity Europe GmbH. In June 2012, the former “Enterprise Solutions” division of Attensity Europe GmbH, spun off and became a legally independent company called “Empolis Information Management GmbH”. References External links http://www.empolis.com Software companies of Germany
Okena is an intrusion detection company based in Waltham, Massachusetts. It was acquired by Cisco Systems on January 24, 2003, for $154M, in an all-stock transaction. Okena's technology is behavior-based detection and prevention, as opposed to most Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), which are binary-pattern-based. Also, the Okena endpoint agent can block certain behaviors and attacks, an early example of Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS). Okena's StormWatch endpoint security software formed the basis of the Cisco Security Agent (CSA). Okena was founded in 1999 by Todd Brennan and Allen Hillery. It was initially located in Cambridge, MA. References Defunct software companies of the United States Cisco Systems acquisitions
Malwarebytes (formerly Malwarebytes Anti-Malware, abbreviated as MBAM) is an anti-malware software for Microsoft Windows, macOS, ChromeOS, Android, and iOS that finds and removes malware. Made by Malwarebytes Corporation, it was first released in January 2006. It is available in a free version, which scans for and removes malware when started manually, and a paid version, which additionally provides scheduled scans, real-time protection and a flash-memory scanner. Overview Malwarebytes is primarily a scanner that scans and removes malicious software, including rogue security software, adware, and spyware. Malwarebytes scans in batch mode, rather than scanning all files opened, reducing interference if another on-demand anti-malware software is also running on the computer. Malwarebytes is available in both a free and a paid version. The free version can be run manually by the user when desired, whereas the paid version can perform scheduled scans, automatically scan files when opened, block IP addresses of malicious web sites, and scan only those services, programs and device drivers that are currently in use. Security vulnerabilities On February 2, 2016, Project Zero discovered four vulnerabilities in the Malwarebytes flagship product, including lack of server-side encryption for update files and lack of proper payload signing within encrypted data; the combination of which allowed an attacker to recompile the encrypted payload with exploits. Malwarebytes responded one day before disclosure in a blog article detailing the extreme difficulty in executing these attacks, as well as revealing that the announced server-side and encryption issues were resolved within days of private disclosure and were not outstanding at the time Project Zero published their research. Malwarebytes also published information on how to protect current users until a patch was released. This event also resulted in the establishment of a formal bug bounty program by Malwarebytes, which offers up to $1000 per disclosure , depending on severity and exploitability. Dispute with IObit On November 2, 2009, Malwarebytes accused IObit, a Chinese company that offers similar products, of incorporating the database of Malwarebytes Anti-Malware (and several products from other vendors, which were not named) into its security software IObit Security 360. IObit denied the accusation and stated that the database is based on user submissions, and sometimes the same signature names that are in Malwarebytes get placed into the results. They said that they did not have time to filter out the signature names that are similar to Malwarebytes. IObit also stated that Malwarebytes did not have convincing proof, and declared that the databases were not stolen. After the declaration from IObit, Malwarebytes replied that they are not convinced of the argument from IObit. Malwarebytes claims to have served DMCA infringement notices against CNET, Download.com and Majorgeeks in order to have the download sites remove the IObit software. IObit said that as of version 1.3, their database has been updated to address those accusations of intellectual property theft made earlier by Malwarebytes. See also Comparison of computer viruses Internet security References External links Antivirus software Spyware removal Android (operating system) software Shareware Windows security software Software that uses Qt Proprietary software that uses Qt Security software MacOS security software
Richard P. Hallion is Senior Adviser for Air and Space Issues, Directorate for Security, Counterintelligence and Special Programs Oversight, the Pentagon, Washington, D.C. He is responsible for analysis and insight regarding the conceptualization, evolution and utilization of sensitive national technological programs and related subject areas. Hallion graduated from the University of Maryland in 1970. He has experience in science and technology museum development, research and management analysis, and has served as a consultant to various professional organizations. He has flown as a mission observer in a range of military and civilian fixed and rotary-wing aircraft. Hallion is the author and editor of various books relating to aerospace technology and military operations, as well as articles and essays for a variety of professional journals. He also teaches and lectures widely. Education 1970 Bachelor of Arts degree, high honors, University of Maryland, College Park 1975 Doctor of Philosophy degree, University of Maryland, College Park 1992 Federal Executive Institute, Charlottesville, Va. 1993 National Security Studies Program, John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass. Career Chronology November 1974 - May 1980, Curator of Science and Technology, and Curator of Space Science and Exploration, National Air and Space Museum, Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C. May 1980 - January 1982, adjunct professor, University of Maryland, College Park January 1982 - May 1986, Chief Historian, Air Force Flight Test Center, Edwards Air Force Base, Calif. May 1986 - August 1987, Director, Special Staff Office, Aeronautical Systems Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio August 1987 - October 1988, Harold Keith Johnson Visiting Professor of Military History, Army War College, Carlisle Barracks, Pa. October 1988 - September 1990, Executive Historian, Directorate of Advanced Programs, Headquarters Air Force Systems Command, Andrews AFB, Md. September 1990 - May 1991, Charles A. Lindbergh Visiting Professor of Aerospace History, National Air and Space Museum, Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C. June 1991 - November 1991, senior issues and policy analyst, Secretary's Staff Group, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, Washington, D.C. November 1991 - November 2002, the Air Force Historian, Bolling AFB, Washington, D.C. November 2002 - October 2003, Technical Adviser for Air Force Historic Events, Air Force Centennial of Flight Office, the Pentagon, Washington, D.C. October 2003 – present, Senior Adviser for Air and Space Issues, Directorate for Security, Counterintelligence and Special Programs Oversight, the Pentagon, Washington, D.C. Awards and honors 1982 - 1983 AIAA Distinguished Lecturer 1984, 1985 Lt. Col. Roy Mase Trophy, Air Force Systems Command 1984, 1985 Commander's Distinguished Paper Award, Air Force Systems Command 1985 Citation of Honor, Air Force Association 1986 Meritorious Civilian Service Medal, U.S. Air Force 1988 Commander's Award for Public Service, U.S. Army 1990 Ira Eaker Award, Air University 1993 Aviation Space Writers Association Premier Award for defense aviation coverage 2000 Friend of the Society of Experimental Test Pilots 2004 Inaugural Fellow, Earthshine Institute of the Charles and Anne Morrow Lindbergh Foundation 2005 Associate Fellow, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics 2005 Distinguished Lecturer, American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics 2005 Annual Award of the Conference of Historic Aviation Writers 2007 A. Verville Smithsonian Fellowship Professional Memberships and Associations National Defense Industrial Association American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies Air Force Association Military Operations Research Society Precision Strike Association National Association of Scholars Exchange Club of Capitol Hill Publications As author As editor References External links Air Force Link Hallion Biography The Help Pilots Need from The Washington Post, October 8, 2007, retrieved January 4, 2008 American military writers University of Maryland, College Park alumni Harvard Kennedy School alumni Living people National Association of Scholars Year of birth missing (living people)
Brian Clegg (born 1955) is an English science writer. He is the author of popular science books on topics including light, infinity, quantum entanglement and surviving the impact of climate change, and biographies of Roger Bacon and Eadweard Muybridge. Biography Born in Rochdale, Lancashire, Clegg was educated at Manchester Grammar School and went on to read Natural Science (specialising in experimental physics) at the University of Cambridge. After graduating, he spent a year at Lancaster University where he gained a second MA in Operational Research, a discipline originally developed during the Second World War to apply the power of mathematics to warfare. It has since been widely applied to problem solving and decision making in business. From Lancaster, he joined British Airways, where he formed a new department tasked with providing all PC hardware, software and consultancy to the airline. When this was successfully running, he set up BA's Emerging Technologies Group, which researched and trialled technologies from fingerprint recognition to electronic cash. This emphasis on innovation led to training with Dr. Edward de Bono, and in 1994 he left BA to set up his own creativity consultancy, running courses on the development of new ideas and products, and the creative solution of business problems. His clients include the BBC, the Met Office, British Airways, GlaxoSmithKline, Sony, Royal Bank of Scotland and many other blue-chips. Clegg is a regular speaker and has spoken at a range of venues, from Oxford and Cambridge universities to the Dana Centre at London's Science Museum. His book A Brief History of Infinity was launched with a sell-out lecture at the Royal Institution in London. He is also a regular contributor to both radio and TV programmes and writes regular columns, features and reviews for numerous magazines and newspapers, including PC Week, Computer Weekly, Personal Computer World, BBC History Magazine, Good Housekeeping, Chemistry World, Physics World, Nature, Playboy, The Wall Street Journal, The Times, The Observer and House Beautiful. Clegg's 'Ecologic' won the 2009 IVCA Clarion Award, while 'A Brief History of Infinity' and 'Dice World' have been on the longlist for the Royal Society's book prize. In 2013, he was featured as a question on the BBC quiz show University Challenge and also appeared in the Christmas edition of the show, representing Lancaster University alongside actor Roger Ashton-Griffiths, presenter Ranvir Singh and food writer Matthew Fort. His book, Are Numbers Real?: the Uncanny Relationship between Maths and the Physical World, was published by Robinson on 2 February 2017.It was published by St. Martin's Press in December 2016 in the United States. Publishers Weekly calls it an "entertaining and accessible look at the numbers we take for granted every day." Kirkus Reviews states: "Solid as a straightforward chronology of how mathematics has developed over time, and the author adds a provocative note urging scientists to keep it in its place." Clegg lives in Wiltshire with his wife and twin children. Science books UK edition: new edition: References External links Brian Clegg's website Brian Clegg's blog Feynman got it wrong article by Clegg on Roger Bacon's place in the history of science Interview with Brian Clegg on Keeper of the Snails Brian Clegg at Library of Congress Authorities – with 30 catalogue records 1955 births Living people Writers from Rochdale English science writers People educated at Manchester Grammar School Alumni of Lancaster University Alumni of Bowland College, Lancaster Alumni of Selwyn College, Cambridge
e-Racer is a video game for Microsoft Windows created by Rage Software. It is a GT arcade racing game in which the player competes against computer opponents or other human players online in eight different cars. The single player game consists of an Arcade mode and a Championship mode, where one would have to race against 7 other computer opponents and would need to finish either first or second in each race in order to advance to the next round. Original tracks The original game contains thirteen tracks in Championship mode and a bonus track which is unlocked upon completion of the Championship mode. All tracks are playable in both Arcade and Multiplayer modes. In order, they are Town Centre - A road race through a town centre and mall. Scrap Yard - Off-road in a scrapyard. Freight Yard - A race through a freight train yard. Chemical Plant - Balance of off-road and on-road through a chemical factory. Aircraft Carrier - Race through and on an aircraft carrier and adjoining port. Stone Quarry - Off-road race through a stone quarry. Stately Home - Snow race near a fancy house. Grim Up North - Road race through narrow streets of a small town. Parking Lot - A race through a parking complex. Indy Oval - Race on a NASCAR circuit, but also off-road in the center. Hill Climb - Very snowy Circuit up and down a hill. Fishing Village - Go through a village, its adjoining fort and beach. The City - A race through a big city. There is a bonus track called "Boy Racer". The first four tracks are unlocked from the beginning whilst the other tracks are unlocked by progressing through the Championship Mode. Cars There are seven cars. The first two cars are unlocked upon the beginning; the other cars are unlocked upon coming first in Championship mode races. In order of unlocking, they are: Itas Sprint-XS Exel Sportster Mantis VRS Proteus VVT Aero-Tech SX Ferreno GTV Dominator GTR There is also a bonus car called the "Sand Scorcher". Skins There are four liveries/decals for the cars. The skins have "sponsors" stickered onto them. A skin with a white front and a round transition into red at the back A full green skin A full white skin A skin with white at the front and a checkered-flag type transition into blue at the back. 2001 video games Windows games Windows-only games Racing video games Video games developed in the United Kingdom Rage Games games
Oscilloquartz, a company of ADVA Optical Networking, is a manufacturer of frequency sources, such as GPS& GLONASS receivers or caesium clocks for telecommunications applications and has been producing similar products for about 60 years. It also providers synchronization solutions for turnkey synchronization projects in e.g. PDH, SDH, SONET and all kind of mobile telecom networks e.g. GSM, X-CDMA, TETRA, 2.xG, 3G, 4G, UMTS, WiMAX. It also offers a wide range of technology, including its proprietary SyncView management software and including, as SyncView agents or embedded solutions, Q3, SNMP, TL1 interfaces. It also manufactures a range of products including single oven and double oven oscillators, targeted at the synchronisation of mobile base stations and other telecommunication equipment. The company headquarters is in Saint-Blaise, Switzerland. History Oscilloquartz began its operations as a department of Ebauches SA in 1949, during the pioneering days of time and frequency measurement. In 1950, Oscilloquartz equipped the Observatory of Neuchâtel where the first quartz clocks were installed. Further quartz clocks were delivered to the Observatory of Paris in 1955. In 1958, Oscilloquartz began their activity in atomic frequency standards. An ammoniac maser designed by the LSRH, was built and shown at the Universal Exhibition of Brussels. Subsequently a hydrogen maser was developed and, until 1988, nine units were manufactured and delivered to several observatories and institutes worldwide. In 1962, it developed of a complete redundant frequency generating system for Swisscom (formerly named Swiss PTT) of which more than 50 were delivered in the 1960s and 1970s. In 1964, it focussed on the field of caesium frequency standards and in 1966 delivered its first commercial atomic clock to the ESRO, the predecessor of the European Space Agency (ESA). In 1967, The Swiss atomic clock "OSCILLATOM" was shown at Expo 67, Montreal. During that same year, transport and transfer of precise time was carried out in the United States, Canada, Far East and South America. In 1971, Oscilloquartz SA was officially registered as a corporation. In 1978, Swisscom (formerly Swiss PTT) commissioned Oscilloquartz to supply a new generation of plesiochronous and synchronous equipment for hierarchy levels I and II of their digital communications network. Over thirty similar synchronization systems were subsequently installed worldwide. In 1988, In a joint venture with SERCEL, France, Oscilloquartz developed the new European Digital Caesium Standard, EUDICS, with fully digital control loops and remote capabilities via RS-232 interface. In 2014, ADVA Optical Networking acquired Oscilloquartz SA from the Swatch Group. References Manufacturing companies of Switzerland
Universal Tube & Rollform Equipment Corporation is an American manufacturer and supplier of metal machine tubes and pipes that is based in Perrysburg, Ohio. Founded in 1985, the company specializes in buying and selling tube mills, pipe mills, and rollforming machines. Domain name The company became known to much wider audiences because its original domain name uTube.com appeared to be very similar to YouTube.com. The company had purchased the domain name in October 1996. In August 2006, the company's website received 68 million hits that caused its web servers to crash. Many of the users intended to go to the video sharing website YouTube, but typed the homophonic "utube.com" into their browser instead. On October 30, 2006, the company took legal action against YouTube over the website confusion. The company has since moved their domain website to utubeonline.com in April 2007. The case appears to have been settled in late 2007, when Universal Tube withdrew its opposition to several "YouTube" trademark filings by the video-sharing website, saying that, "The parties have settled their dispute." References External links Court lawsuit documents at The Smoking Gun website page 1985 establishments in Ohio Companies established in 1985 Manufacturing companies based in Ohio Wood County, Ohio Perrysburg, Ohio
UIQ Technology AB was a Swedish company that developed and licensed the UIQ software based on Symbian OS which was used in smartphone offerings from Sony Ericsson, Motorola, BenQ and Arima. They were based in the Soft Center Science & Research Park in Ronneby, Sweden, and at the time of its closure in 2009 was jointly owned by Motorola and Sony Ericsson. History UIQ Technology was established in April 1999 as Symbian AB, a wholly owned subsidiary of Symbian Ltd., following their acquisition of Ericsson Mobile Applications Lab from Ericsson Mobile Communications. Using technology gained from the acquisition they created the UIQ platform which launched in 2002 and as the company changed its name to UIQ Technology. In 2002 Sony Ericsson and Motorola (both members of Symbian Ltd.) came close to a joint venture, but this was abandoned when Motorola chose to use a Linux-based platform in 2003. As a result, Sony Ericsson was the main licensee for UIQ. On 7 November 2006, Sony Ericsson announced they had agreed (in principle) to buy UIQ Technology from Symbian Ltd. and run it as a separate subsidiary. The UIQ products would be "openly available, licensed on equal terms to all its licensees". The acquisition was completed in February 2007. Interestingly this meant Sony Ericsson got back this division that was originally created by them in 1998 (as Ericsson, before the joint venture with Sony). On 15 October 2007, Sony Ericsson and Motorola announced an agreement for Motorola to purchase a 50% interest in UI Holdings BV, the legal parent company of UIQ Technology. The two companies worked and invested jointly in the development of UIQ. End of UIQ With the establishment in 2008 of the Symbian Foundation led by Nokia (and which both Sony Ericsson and Motorola joined), UIQ's future was in doubt. S60 was the UI choice of Symbian Foundation; UIQ would contribute its assets to the foundation. Patrick Olsson of Sony Ericsson announced on 21 October 2008 at the Smartphone Show 2008 in London that UIQ didn't make the cut, it didn't attract the operator, manufacturer or consumer interest needed to stop it from failing. Sony Ericsson funded the company for a few months to help management to restructure or find a buyer. On 5 January 2009, UIQ Technology filed for bankruptcy and ceased to exist. Timeline 1998 Spring - Ericsson Mobile Communications in Lund set up a development lab in Ronneby called Mobile Applications Lab. This was the precursor of UIQ Technology. June - Symbian Ltd. was established in London. 1999 1 April - The company became part of Symbian Ltd, and the new company name was Symbian AB. Work was focused on Quartz 6.0, which was the pen-based communicator later known as UIQ. December - Number of permanent employees: 21 2000 February - Quartz was publicly announced. May - Johan Sandberg was appointed General Manager. September - The first product release of Quartz 6.0 was made. December - Number of permanent employees: 78. 2001 April - Quartz 6.1 was released. December - Number of permanent employees: 76. 2002 February - The company name was changed to UIQ Technology AB and the product was renamed UIQ. March - UIQ 2.0 was released. December - Number of permanent employees: 85. December - The first UIQ phone, Sony Ericsson P800, was released. December - UIQ Selected Partner Program was launched for UIQ 2.1. 2003 February - UIQ 2.1 was made public. October - The first UIQ 2.1 based phone, Sony Ericsson P900, reached the market. Motorola A920 was launched. December - Number of permanent employees: 102. 2004 February - UIQ 3 was announced at 3GSM. February - Motorola A925, Sony Ericsson P910, BenQ P30, Motorola A1000 reached the market. December - Number of permanent employees: 110. December - UIQ Selected Partner Program was launched for UIQ 3. 2005 September - First UIQ 3 phone was announced - the Sony Ericsson P990 September - UIQ developer program launched 2006 February - Second and third UIQ 3 phones are announced - the Sony Ericsson M600 and the Sony Ericsson W950 - as the platform moves into high volume, mid-tier devices February - UIQ developer program launches premium level membership and hosts WDF developer track at 3GSM November - Sony Ericsson announces that it has agreed to buy UIQ Technology 2007 February - UIQ 3.1 is released followed shortly by the SDK. February - The Motorola RIZR Z8 is announced. February - Sony Ericsson finishes the acquisition of UIQ Technology from Symbian Ltd. May - The Sony Ericsson P1i is announced. October - Motorola acquires 50% interest in UIQ Technology parent company UI Holdings BV. 2008 March - UIQ 3.3 was announced. 2009 January - UIQ files for bankruptcy following the announcements of the open source Symbian Foundation earlier in 2008. See also UIQ List of UIQ 3 Phones References External links UIQ developer portal & UIQ 3 SDK Telecommunications companies of Sweden Motorola Sony Mobile Companies based in Blekinge County
Jeff Macpherson (born 3 October 1973) is a Canadian filmmaker and video game developer. He is the creator of the web series Tiki Bar TV, co-founder of the gaming company RocketChicken Interactive, Inc. (which produces the game CodeRunner) and co-founder of the startup Motive.io. On October 14, 2005, during the Macworld 2005 Keynote presentation (which introduced the new iPod with Video) Steve Jobs showcased Tiki Bar TV to the audience as an example of a "Video Podcast" (which, at that point in time, was a relatively new media format) as something that could be loaded onto the new video iPod using Apple's proprietary iTunes software for no charge. The next day, Tiki Bar TV moved to the #1 slot in the iTunes Podcast charts, and as such, Tiki Bar TV was one of the first user generated programs to gain worldwide popularity via the iTunes distribution model. Prior to Tiki Bar TV, Macpherson was a producer of music videos and television commercials (Toyota, Hyundai, and LG). He was also a writer on two feature films for First Look Home Entertainment and directed the feature, Come Together (2001 Vancouver International Film Festival, New York International Independent Film Festival). In 2006, Macpherson spoke at the annual conference of the Canadian Film and Television Producers Association on the subject of video podcasts and webseries. He has been featured in Wired magazine, The National Post, CPU Magazine, Times.com, Businessweek, G4's Attack of the Show!, CBC's The National, and CBS News. In July 2006, Macpherson was profiled in Forbes magazine Celebrity100 Issue as "one of the first breakout stars in the world of Internet television". In 2009, Macpherson founded RocketChicken Interactive, Inc. with former Electronic Arts and Microsoft employees and shipped the game CodeRunner in November 2011. References External links RocketChicken Interactive CodeRunner Tiki Bar TV Official Site Guest on The Lab with Leo Laporte Official Twitter Living people 1973 births
The One chip MSX, or 1chipMSX as the D4 Enterprise distributional name for the ESE MSX System 3, is a re-implementation of an MSX-2 home computer that uses a single FPGA to implement all the electronics (except the RAM) of an MSX-2, including the MSX-MUSIC and SCC+ audio extensions. The system is housed in a transparent blue plastic box, and can be used with a standard monitor (or TV) and a PC keyboard. Original MSX cartridges can be inserted, as well as SD and MMC memory cards as an external storage medium. Even though it lacks a 3.5" disk drive, disks are supported through emulation on a memory card, including support for booting MSX-DOS. Due to its VHDL programmable hardware, it's possible to give the device new hardware extensions by simply running a reconfiguration program under MSX-DOS. The "one chip-MSX" is equipped with two USB connectors, that can be used after adding some supporting VHDL code. Availability The ESE MSX System 3 is designed by ESE Artists' Factory and distributed as 1chipMSX by D4 Enterprise and was supposed to be distributed outside Japan by Bazix. However, due to RoHS regulations in Europe, it was claimed it could not be distributed to Europe in its original form and the European market had to wait for an adapted version which would be produced through Bazix and distributed to Europe by Bazix. However, no violation of RoHS has ever been proven, with all identifiable components of the PCB and power supply being RoHS-compliant. Bazix stopped being the representative of MSX Association and thus did not bring the 1chipMSX to the Western market. In the end, MSX Association was dissolved due to a dispute with other parties involved, resulting in a shift of all intellectual property rights concerning MSX to MSX Licensing Corporation. Bazix also dissolved because this dispute made an end to their efforts and ambitions to bring the 1chipMSX to the Western market (along with other projects that were also dependent on the Japanese partners). Hardware specifications Altera Cyclone EP1C12Q240C8N FPGA chip 32 MB SDRAM SD/MMC card slot 2 MSX Cartridge slots 2 audio outputs (for future stereo support) S-Video video output Composite video output VGA video output PS/2 keyboard connector 2 USB connector 2 MSX Joystick ports FPGA I/O pin (40 pins and 10 pins) Included are also: A Short English instruction manual, including a short introduction to VHDL Full VHDL code used to achieve MSX2 compatibility (default configuration) A CD-ROM with VHDL code examples and the following software: Altera Quartus 2 Web Edition - VHDL development environment PLDLOAD and PLDSAVE - Software to read and program the FPGA chip EP, FDLOAD and FDSAVE - Software to create, load and play disk images 220 V adapter or 110 V converter plug Schematics to the One Chip MSX PCB Blueprint of the One Chip MSX casing Specifications Default specifications of the implemented MSX system: MSX 2 computer system 1 MB RAM 128 kB VRAM Kanji-ROM MSX-MUSIC MSX-DOS2 with FAT16 support MEGA-SCSI compatible support for SD card as primary drive See also Minimig is a similar FPGA project synthesizing a different home computer's circuitry. References External links 1chipMSX wiki (in Japanese) ESE MSX System 3 information — English technical overview with tutorials and tools. KdL Index! — Unofficial firmware updates. MSX Resource Center Home computer remakes MSX2 microcomputer
Cuba-Iran relations, which are characterized by economic and diplomatic cooperation, are quite friendly. Iran has a productive trade balance with Cuba. The two governments signed a document to bolster cooperation in Havana in January 2006. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called relations "firm and progressive" over the past three decades. Background According to the Christian Science Monitor, relations had been growing "has been under way for some years prior to Ahmadinejad's ascendancy to the presidency." Observers of Cuba point to the fact Iran used an electronic jamming station outside Havana which Cuba blocks broadcasting by the US-backed Radio Marti. Iran also worked with Cuba expertise to jam American broadcasting into its borders. Cuba has also helped build a genetic laboratory in Iran. Trade According to the above-mentioned January 2006 document, Iran and Cuba expanded cooperation in several commercial, banking, agriculture, health and cultural fields. The two countries also stated they will expand cooperation in areas of the sugar industry, fishery, biotechnology, sports, transportation, development projects, investment, tourism, information technology and communications and water resources. The document asks for Iran and Cuba to provide more facilities in banking cooperation with an aim of promoting economic and trade ties and making use of mutual scientific, research and industrial capabilities. In 2006 trading between the two countries reached US$5 million. In 2008, Iran granted Cuba a 200-million-Euro credit line to undertake several different projects; a large part of that money was dedicated to financing Cuban imports of railroad wagons, both for cargo and passengers. Nuclear energy Cuba supports Iran's program to develop nuclear technology for peaceful purposes though the countries agreed to stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons. Former President of Cuba Fidel Castro spoke admiringly of Iran "increasing its ability to fight big powers by the day." See also Foreign relations of Cuba Foreign relations of Iran References Iran Bilateral relations of Iran
XVG may refer to: The file format used by data visualization software Grace The code of Longville Municipal Airport XV Gymnasium, a high school in Zagreb, Croatia
Platinum Technology Inc. was founded by Andrew Filipowski in 1987 to market and support deployment of database management software products and the applications enabled by database management technology and to render related services. Over its 12-year history, it was known for its acquisition of other companies, having bought more than 50 companies between 1994 and 1999 and growing to become the eighth largest global software company with revenue of a billion dollars per year. Acquisitions included Altai, Inc. (1995), AutoSystems Corporation, Brownstone Solutions, ICON Computing, Intervista Software, Software Interfaces, Locus Computing Corporation, LBMS (1998), Logic Works (1998), Protosoft, RELTECH Group, Memco Software, Softool, SQL TOOLS, Inc., Trinzic, Viatech and VREAM (1996). The company was a member of the UML Partners consortium. Acquisition by Computer Associates In March 1999, Platinum was itself acquired by Computer Associates (CA) for 3.5 billion U.S. dollars, at that time the largest transaction in the history of the software industry. CA offered $29.25 per share, almost a three-to-one premium over Platinum's stock price of $9.875. Transition In 2001, CA was sued by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), alleging that the two companies prematurely reduced competition between each other. The DOJ claimed that this was achieved by agreeing to limit discounts offered to customers before the deal was completed. Acquisitions Protosoft In November 1995, Protosoft was acquired by Platinum Technology for 40 million U.S. dollars. Protosoft was founded by Dr. Anthony Lekkos and Erick Rivas in 1990 to develop and market Paradigm Plus, an object-oriented analysis and design (OOAD) modeling product and associated code generation and reverse engineering tools. Memco Software In September 1998, Platinum Technology acquired Israeli company Memco Software (Nasdaq: MEMCF). The acquisition was accounted for as a stock-for-stock pooling of interests valued at just more than $400 million. The combined offering of both companies was aimed at providing a complete software security solution for protecting enterprise networks, databases, and systems across multiple platforms. With this merger; Platinum was hoping to become a major security software provider in areas such as access control, single sign-on, user and database security administration, authentication, intrusion detection, secure communications, and policy audit. Memco Software was founded in 1990 in Tel Aviv, Israel; in 1996 it had an initial public offering on NASDAQ, raising $50 million. Following the acquisition of Platinum by Computer Associates, Memco Software became the basis for CA’s research and development center in Israel. References External links Press release following acquisition Defunct software companies of the United States Software companies based in Illinois Companies based in DuPage County, Illinois Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois Software companies established in 1987 Software companies disestablished in 1999 Defunct companies based in Illinois CA Technologies 1999 mergers and acquisitions
My Opera was the virtual community for Opera web browser users. It belonged to Opera Software ASA. In addition to being a support site for the Opera browser, My Opera worked like a social networking site. It offered services such as blogs, photo albums, the free email service My Opera Mail and more. My Opera was closed down on March 3, 2014. History The My Opera Community was launched in August 2001 as a simple support site for the browser, and the website had its first upgrade a month later on September 11. On December 15, 2003, the website underwent an upgrade that allowed users to access more features. In September 2005, the My Opera Community added major improvements. During this upgrade, users were given access to photo albums, improved blogs (formerly journals), the ability to create custom groups, and 300MB of free storage space. Improvements to blogging included the introduction of "mobile blogging" or blogging from a mobile phone through MMS. On March 8, 2007, Opera released a new version of the site. The new hardware for the 2006 upgrade was put to use for a beta test website on October 26, 2006. This website was intended to remain up even after the final install of the new hardware on the regular website. There are extensive plans for various subdomains on the My Opera site. On April 7, 2011, Opera released a free email service for all existing and new-joining My Opera users called My Opera Mail and powered by Opera's FastMail.FM email platform. On October 31, 2013, the administrators of My Opera announced that the site would be closed down in March 2014. The reasons given included the increased labor required to maintain the My Opera site and the growing popularity of alternative social media sites that provide a better service than the Opera team was able or willing to provide. Services A My Opera account was required to use the services. Every My Opera user got 2 GB of space for file storage. Blogs: in September 2005, personal "Journal" service was changed to a blog service. Blogs were customised according to user's individual requirements. Blogs could also be updated with a mobile phone. A list of new blog posts, new comments and popular blogs was available. Feature groups: it was a way for meeting and socializing with people who shared similar interests. Each group had its own forum, blog and photo section where members could post. Members: it was a section where users of My Opera could see logged in members, as well as, a list of members by country. My Opera Mail: a free email account, similar to Gmail, Yahoo! Mail or Outlook.com. Accounts included 1 GB of storage, but this was separate from the My Opera 2 GB storage. It was compatible with POP and IMAP email retrieval protocols as well as XMPP instant messaging. News Portal: a site with customizable news feeds. It included the Google search engine. Photos: a section where users could publish and share their photos with other members. Current Opera services available There are several Opera subdomain sites that use an Opera account. These include: Opera forums: users of Opera can find help to solve problems related to the browser here. Previously, Opera forums belonged to the My Opera site. In March 2014, the Opera forums were moved to the official Opera web browser site. Dev.Opera: a site for developers to write articles and share tips and tricks. Opera Link: to administrate the synchronized bookmarks, notes and Speed Dial links for Opera browsers on different devices. Opera Add-ons: the domain which contains the extension and theme catalogs. Vivaldi.net Vivaldi.net is an alternative community site opened on 18 December 2013 by Jon von Tetzchner, founder and former CEO of Opera Software. Jon von Tetzchner posted a personal welcome message where he explained his plan to provide a new community for My Opera's members. Vivaldi.net offers its members features and services such as blogs, e-mail service, photo albums and forums. Vivaldi.net is not related to Opera Software; it eventually become the virtual community of the eponymous Vivaldi web browser. A Vivaldi.net account is required for using the synchronization features of the browser. References External links Official website of Opera forums Archive at the Internet Archive (more information at archiveteam.org) Opera link Opera add-ons Dev.Opera Vivaldi.net Blog hosting services Defunct social networking services Internet forums Internet properties established in 2001 Opera Software Internet properties disestablished in 2014
ED or ED-1100 is an interactive text editor implemented on the UNIVAC 1100/2200 series. "ED was developed at Univac in the mid-60s. It was loosely based on the Project MAC editor developed for the MULTICS system at MIT."-Tom McCarthy "Project MAC editor was programmed by Jerry Saltzer as a way to produce documentation. In fact, that editor became the first interactive word-processor ever programmed." "The command TYPSET is used to create and edit 12-bit BCD line-marked files" ED was improved by Dr. Roger M. Firestone in the mid-1970s. See also List of UNIVAC products History of computing hardware References External links History of software UNIVAC software Text editors
Graphic Adventure Creator (often shortened to GAC) is a game creation system/programming language for adventure games published by Incentive Software, originally written on the Amstrad CPC by Sean Ellis, and then ported to other platforms by, amongst others, Brendan Kelly (Spectrum), Dave Kirby (BBC, Electron) and "The Kid" (Malcolm Hellon) (C64). The pictures in the demo adventure, Ransom, were made by Pete James and the box cover art by Pete Carter. GAC was released in 1985 for the Amstrad CPC and in 1986 for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and BBC Micro. A simplified version without graphics, called just the Adventure Creator, was also released for the Acorn Electron in 1987. GAC was ported to the Atari ST in 1988 as ST Adventure Creator (STAC) by the original author. GAC had a more advanced parser than The Quill, allowing commands like GET THE LAMP THEN LIGHT IT, and a built-in graphics editor. Over 300 titles were written using GAC. It also came with a built in text compressor. Reception GAC was well received, earning a Zzap! Gold Medal Award. Your Sinclair reviewed the ZX Spectrum version giving it a 9/10 score. The ST version reached number 18 on the bestsellers chart on August 1988. References External links 1985 software Text adventure game engines Graphic Adventure Creator, The ZX Spectrum software
Velocity Micro is a privately held boutique computer manufacturer located in Richmond, Virginia (USA), specializing in custom high-performance gaming computers, professional workstations, and high-performance computer solutions. Its extended product line includes gaming PCs, notebooks, CAD workstations, digital media creation workstations, home and home office PCs, home entertainment media centers, Tesla-based supercomputers, and business solutions. All products are custom assembled by hand and supported at the company's headquarters. History Velocity Micro traces its origins to 1992 when founder Randy Copeland began designing and producing high-performance computer systems to run CAD software and other demanding applications. These computer systems were custom-built to facilitate the design process and tailored to the extreme needs of each client. Velocity Micro was officially founded in 1997 as an extension of this highly individualized, high-performance computing philosophy. In 2001, Copeland accepted the opportunity to appear in Maximum PC'''s boutique roundup article entitled "Minor League, Major Performance". The quote which appeared in that February 2002 issue – "put together with the kind of care and craftsmanship the behemoth manufacturers can't offer" – propelled Velocity Micro forward and is still used by the company today. In May 2007, Velocity Micro acquired former competing boutique builder, Overdrive PC, known for their extreme overclocking capabilities they term "HyperClocking." Since the acquisition, Velocity Micro has incorporated HyperClocking into many of its extreme gaming systems. Overdrive PC remains a separate brand under Velocity Micro ownership. In 2010, Velocity Micro entered the eReader and tablet computer markets with the release of the first Cruz products: the Cruz Reader and the Cruz Tablet (T100). These Android-based devices featured 7" full-color screens. The Cruz Reader utilized a Resistive touchscreen, whereas the Cruz Tablet made use of the more advanced and responsive capacitive touch screen. Five product generations of Cruz tablets were produced and sold in 7", 8", and 10" screen models with close to a million units in the market by 2012. As of 2013, Velocity Micro no longer supports or offers these or any other Android-based devices for sale. In 2011, Copeland was named a "Tech Icon" by the PC Magazine staff in an article celebrating 30 years of the PC for his contributions to the industry. He continues to have an active role at Velocity Micro as president and CEO. In October 2019, Velocity Micro announced a partnership with Ansys that would provide access to resources, licenses, and benchmarks allowing Velocity Micro to build custom computers that are tailored to be integrated with Ansys applications. Velocity Micro has also partnered with Nvidia, AMD, and Intel to provide retail-grade hardware in custom computer builds. Retail In August 2005, Velocity Micro began offering pre-configured, high-performance desktops in select Best Buy stores across the country, followed by BestBuy.com that September. In July 2007, Velocity Micro began offering notebooks and desktops in Circuit City Stores across the country. In November 2008, Velocity Micro announced they were also moving into the online retail outlets Amazon.com, Newegg, TigerDirect, and Staples. In January 2009, Velocity Micro announced they were moving into Fry's stores nationwide. In 2010, the Cruz Reader and Cruz Tablet went on sale at Borders Books as well as their other numerous other retail partners. As of Jan. 2016, Velocity Micro continued to sell desktops and laptops through Newegg.com and Amazon.com. Awards Velocity Micro has won over 60 industry media awards for performance and craftsmanship including 19 Editor's Choice awards from PC Magazine. CNET, Maximum PC, PC World, HardOCP, Computer Gaming World, and Computer Shopper have all awarded Velocity Micro machines high marks.Velocity Micro Vector GX Campus Edition (overclocked Core 2 Duo E6320) Desktop reviews - CNET Reviews[H] Consumer - Velocity Micro Gamers' Edge PCX In Sept. 2007, Velocity Micro won PC Magazine's "Reader's Choice for Service and Reliability" Award. In a July 2008 review from PC Magazine, the company received an Editors Choice award for its Vector Campus Edition model. In November 2008, Core i7 based systems from Velocity Micro won Editors' Choice awards from Maximum PC and CNET. More recently, in April 2013 the Velocity Micro Vector Z25 won and Editors Choice award from PC Magazine'', stating "the Z25 is a midtower PC with all the goods". PCMag.com later went on to name the Velocity Micro Vector Z25 as "Best Mainstream Desktop of 2013" after consideration of all mainstream desktop computers covered during the entire year 2013. In August 2014, Velocity Micro followed up on that award with another Editors' Choice from PCMag.com, this one for its Edge Z55 gaming PC. Said the editors, "The Velocity Micro Edge Z55 blows away the competition ...and costs $3,000 less. We wholeheartedly award the Edge Z55 our Editors' Choice for high-end gaming desktop PCs". Velocity Micro participated in the 2018 Intel Extreme Rig Challenge and won the award for Best Performance, providing a 40% higher score than the previous year's entry. References Computer hardware companies Home computer hardware companies Computer companies of the United States Manufacturing companies based in Richmond, Virginia Companies established in 1997
The IBM Enterprise Storage Server (ESS) or the Shark is an enterprise storage array from IBM. History Originally, in 1998 IBM released the IBM 2105 Versatile Storage Server (VSS). It did not meet commercial success and the successor came in 1999 in the form of the ESS, based on the same Seascape architecture. The Seascape architecture was an IBM storage architecture that included off-the-shelf components, including RS/6000 processors and the Serial Storage Architecture (SSA). The ESS was also widely known by its IBM internal codename Shark. The 2001 lineup have a redesigned case; this version won IF design award. It has been superseded by the IBM DS8000 series of storage servers. Models 2105-E10 IBM Enterprise Storage Server Model E10 - (1999) 64 disks 2105-E20 IBM Enterprise Storage Server Model E20 - (1999) 128 disks 2105-F10 IBM Enterprise Storage Server Model F10 - (2000) 64 disks 2105-F20 IBM Enterprise Storage Server Model F20 - (2000) 128 disks 2105-750 IBM TotalStorage Enterprise Storage Server Model 750 - (2001) 2105-800 IBM TotalStorage Enterprise Storage Server Model 800 - (2001) Enclosures ESS expansion enclosure (The E10 model does not support an expansion enclosure) - 256 disks. External links Gustavo Castets et al., IBM Enterprise Storage Server, IBM “Redbook” SG24-5465-01, second edition, 2001 September See also IBM Storage Extended Remote Copy FlashCopy Global Mirror Metro Mirror IBM Subsystem Device Driver IBM TotalStorage Expert References Enterprise Storage Server
Open-Silicon is a semiconductor company founded in 2003. Open-Silicon was acquired by OpenFive in September, 2021. Corporate history Open-Silicon was founded in 2003 by Naveed Sherwani, Satya Gupta and Scott Houghton. Initial funding was provided by Sequoia Capital, Norwest Venture Partners, and InterWest Partners. In December 2007 Unicorn Investment Bank acquired 75% of Open-Silicon for $190M, with the rest of the company employee-owned. In May 2007, Open-Silicon acquired Zenasis Technologies, a maker of processor optimization EDA software. This technology has also been expanded by Open-Silicon to focus on low power design and process variability management. In 2009 Open-Silicon acquired design services firm Silicon Logic Engineering (SLE). This acquisition has enhanced the company's derivative IC design capabilities. In 2010 the company opened new facilities in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, and Pune, India, to provide additional support for derivative IC design. In 2012, Open-Silicon acquired and grew substantial design operations in Pakistan and Taiwan. On August 17, 2020, SiFive acquires Open-Silicon and names it OpenFive, an independent business unit of SiFive. On Sept. 1, 2022, Canadian semiconductor licensing company Alphawave acquires SiFive’s OpenFive business unit for $210 million. Products and services Open-Silicon's business model is called the OpenMODEL. References External links Open-Silicon Home page SiFive Home page Alphawave IP Home page Companies established in 2003 Fabless semiconductor companies Semiconductor companies of the United States
Hacking Democracy is a 2006 Emmy nominated documentary film broadcast on HBO and created by producer / directors Russell Michaels and Simon Ardizzone, with producer Robert Carrillo Cohen, and executive producers Sarah Teale, Sian Edwards & Earl Katz. Filmed over three years it documents American citizens investigating anomalies and irregularities with 'e-voting' (electronic voting) systems that occurred during the 2000 and 2004 elections in the United States, especially in Volusia County, Florida. The film investigates the flawed integrity of electronic voting machines, particularly those made by Diebold Election Systems, exposing previously unknown backdoors in the Diebold trade secret computer software. The film culminates dramatically in the on-camera hacking of the in-use / working Diebold election system in Leon County, Florida - the same computer voting system which has been used in actual American elections across thirty-three states, and which still counts tens of millions of America's votes today. In 2007 Hacking Democracy was nominated for an Emmy award for Outstanding Investigative Journalism – Long Form. Demonstrated flaws The documentary follows Bev Harris and Kathleen Wynne, director and associate director for nonprofit election watchdog group Black Box Voting, as they attempt to discover the extent to which it would be possible to alter results on the electronic voting machines of Diebold Election Systems (now Premier Election Solutions). Andy Stephenson, an employee of Black Box Voting from July–December 2004, assisted with comparisons of audit documents in Volusia County and obtained a secret videotape of Harris interviewing a voting machine testing lab. Kathleen Wynne captured live video of Harris finding voting machine records in a Volusia County trash bag, and captured video of Cuyahoga County, Ohio elections workers admitting that the initial 3% recount ballots had not been randomly selected during the 2004 presidential election. Harris and Wynne then embarked on a series of five voting machine hack tests with Dr. Herbert Hugh Thompson and Harri Hursti in 2005 and 2006. During the course of the documentary, multiple methods of tampering with the votes are shown. The first is through editing the database file that contains the voting totals. This file is a standard Microsoft Access database, and can be opened by normal means outside of the encompassing voting program without a password. Some jurisdictions have disabled Microsoft Access, making it more difficult to alter the database, but this protection was shown to be bypassed by Dr. Herbert Hugh Thompson through a Visual Basic program which searched for a string of text and edited the file through external means. However, alterations of the results in either of these fashions would be caught if a vigilant elections official compared the results with voting machine tapes. Another hacking technique was demonstrated through hacking the actual computer code used in the Diebold Accu-Vote memory cards. This method was discovered by Finnish computer security expert Harri Hursti and is known as "the Hursti Hack". In this hack, Harri Hursti rigged the Diebold optical scan voting system to make the wrong candidate win by adding negative (minus) votes to one race. This resulted in that race having votes literally subtracted from its vote total. These methods were tested by the Leon County Supervisor of Elections, Ion Sancho, on the actual Diebold optical scan voting system used by Tallahassee, Florida in all their prior elections. This method demonstrated, contrary to a previous Diebold statement, that a person attempting to rig the votes of a precinct would need access to only the memory card, not the optical scan voting system or tabulation software. This method, when cross-checked between the optical scan voting system and tabulation software, perfectly mimics a legitimate result, and further makes the voting machine produce a false zero-vote print-out, falsely confirming that the memory card has no votes inside it before voting begins. Following this historic hack Ion Sancho stated: "If I had not known what was behind this I would have certified this election as a true count of the votes." Reaction Even though no one from Diebold Election Systems admitted to having seen the film, Diebold President David Byrd suggested that Hacking Democracy was "replete with material examples of inaccurate reporting", and demanded that it not be aired. His criticism was based on an earlier film made by the same three filmmakers. However, HBO refused to remove it from their schedules. In addition Diebold wrote a letter to HBO referring to the famous vote changing 'Hursti Hack' featured in the film, claiming that "Harri Hursti is shown attacking a Diebold machine in Florida. But his attack proved later to be a complete sham." This statement by Diebold was proven to be wholly wrong by independent computer scientists at UC Berkeley who investigated the Hursti Hack. California's Secretary of State commissioned a Special Report by scientists at UC Berkeley to investigate the Hursti Hack. Page 2 of their report states: Harri Hursti's attack does work: Mr. Hursti's attack on the AV-OS is definitely real. He was indeed able to change the election results by doing nothing more than modifying the contents of a memory card. He needed no passwords, no cryptographic keys, and no access to any other part of the voting system, including the GEMS election management server. One of Diebold's objections to the film was that it failed to mention that Avi Rubin, a Johns Hopkins computer science professor and vocal Diebold critic, may have a conflict of interest. Rubin at one point owned stock options in VoteHere, which sells auditing software and systems for voting machines. However, Rubin disposed of his stock options and withdrew from the VoteHere advisory board in August 2003, and says he had not had any meaningful contact since joining over two years before, except occasionally receiving press clippings. DVD release and online movie The film was released on DVD on March 20, 2007. It includes deleted scenes, a trailer and director biographies. Hacking Democracy was published for online viewing on Amazon Instant Video on 30 September 2016. Also the film is available to view on Vimeo On Demand. The Sequel In March 2020, HBO and Hacking Democracy directors / producers Simon Ardizzone, Russell Michaels and Sarah Teale released the follow-up film, Kill Chain: The Cyber War on America's Elections. In 2021 this sequel was nominated for an Emmy award for Outstanding Investigative Documentary. The film was also produced by Michael Hirschorn and Jessica Antonini. The film reveals the hacking attack on the presidential election in 2016, through the exclusive on-camera interview with the hacker known as CyberZeist. CyberZeist penetrated the Alaska Division Of Elections' state vote tabulation computer system on 6 and 7 November 2016, and on election day, 8 November 2016. CyberZeist successfully achieved this attack only weeks after the Alaska Division Of Elections admitted that Russian hackers had attempted to carry out a comparable attack. The film's world famous elections cybersecurity expert, Harri Hursti, discovered that most hackers install a range of software that will be hidden in multiple components of a computer, so that even wiping the hard drive will not remove the hackers’ access. CyberZeist told him, “I’ll go under their radar even if they are 24/7 monitoring it [the vote-counting server].” When reviewing the hack on the Alaska Division of Elections’ servers, Hursti discovered that CyberZeist could read or write any file, including system files: In other words, CyberZeist could have planted vote-stealing software that might still be there, waiting for a command to activate. As Hursti showed in Kill Chain, threat-actors might not even be looking to change results in an election, but to sabotage democracy and bring the process into disrepute. See also 2004 United States election voting controversies Electoral fraud: Tampering with electronic voting systems Black Box Voting References External links – official website and live streaming movie & DVD People & Power - Protecting Democracy - 14 Oct 08 - Part 1 follow-up by Hacking Democracy creators Simon Ardizzone & Russell Michaels published on YouTube by Al Jazeera English but blocked from USA IP addresses People & Power - Protecting Democracy - 14 Oct 08 - Part 2 follow-up by Hacking Democracy creators Simon Ardizzone & Russell Michaels published on YouTube by Al Jazeera English but blocked from USA IP addresses People & Power - Protecting Democracy - 14 Oct 08 - Part 1 follow-up by Hacking Democracy creators Simon Ardizzone & Russell Michaels published on Dailymotion by Al Jazeera English but blocked from USA IP addresses People & Power - Protecting Democracy - 14 Oct 08 - Part 2 follow-up by Hacking Democracy creators Simon Ardizzone & Russell Michaels published on Dailymotion by Al Jazeera English but blocked from USA IP addresses People & Power - Protecting Democracy - 14 Oct 08 - Part 1 follow-up by Hacking Democracy creators Simon Ardizzone & Russell Michaels republished on YouTube by HotLatestNews People & Power - Protecting Democracy - 14 Oct 08 - Part 2 follow-up by Hacking Democracy creators Simon Ardizzone & Russell Michaels republished on YouTube by HotLatestNews Program info at HBO Black Box Voting Ars's How to Steal an Election by Hacking Princeton Center for Information Technology Policy Princeton Center for Information Technology Policy: Diebold Hacking video County Seeks to Mend Electronic Voting Problems - Daily Californian Prof Helps Get Voting Machines In State Decertified - Stanford Daily Reviews In the Land of 'Every Vote Counts,' Uncertainty on Whether It's Counted Correctly - New York Times "Hacking Democracy" Review of the HBO documentary - Salon.com Hacks, Lies & Videotape, Brad Friedman's review of HBO's 'Hacking Democracy' - Computerworld Diebold slams HBO Hacking Democracy documentary, The Register Empire Magazine's review **** Bring Democracy Home, CBS News , CNET News Electronic Voting Fraud - Science Friday (National Public Radio) 'Hacking' casts doubt on security of ballots - Boston Globe Voter-Turnout Efforts Go Into High Gear - Wall Street Journal Meanwhile A Deeper Danger Than The Pandemic - Forbes.com review of Kill Chain: The Cyber War on America's Elections Documentary films about elections in the United States Electronic voting Electoral fraud in the United States Documentary films about technology Diebold Works about computer hacking 2000s English-language films 2000s American films
TerraFly is a web-enabled system designed to aid in the visualization of spatial and remote sensed imagery. TerraFly users visualize aerial photography, satellite imagery and various overlays, such as street names, roads, restaurants, services and demographic data. Users virtually "fly" over imagery via a web browser, without any software to install or plug in. Terrafly's tools include geospatial querying, data drill-down, interfaces with real-time data suppliers, demographic analysis, annotation, route dissemination via autopilots, customizable applications, production of aerial atlases and application programming interface (API) for web sites. Media coverage The TerraFly project has been featured on TV news programs and worldwide press. It has been covered by the New York Times, USA Today, NPR, as well as Science and Nature journals. FOX News screened in July 2007 a worldwide broadcast on TerraFly assisting exiles in tracking their homeland property. External links TerraFly Summary, NASA References Atlases Virtual globes Virtual reality
Sanjiva Weerawarana is a CEO, software developer and open-source software evangelist. He is known for his work on Web Services standards including WSDL, BPEL, and WS-Addressing. He is the founder, chairman and CEO of WSO2, an open-source middleware company, and creator of the Ballerina programming language. His involvement with the Apache Software Foundation includes project work on SOAP, Apache Axis and Apache Axis2. Early life and education Weerawarana attended Kent State University, majoring in applied mathematics / computer science, before completing a PhD at Purdue University. Career After graduation, Weerawarana joined IBM Research working in Hawthorne, New York, until he left to found the startup WSO2. Weerawarana has been involved with the Apache Software Foundation since 2000 when he worked on the original Apache SOAP project. Weerawarana is an elected Member of the Foundation and is a committer on several projects. Weerawarana set up the Lanka Software Foundation, and was involved with the Sahana FOSS Disaster Management System. He is an advisory board member of the company 24/7 Techies. He is a visiting professor and lecturer at the University of Moratuwa and a board alumnus of the Open Source Initiative. He currently lives in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Publications Notable research publications include: Colombo: Lightweight middleware for service-oriented computing Enterprise Services Books See also Apache Software Foundation Open Source Initiative WSO2 References External links Sanjiva Weerawarana's Blog Lanka Software Foundation W3C Working Draft on WSDL ver 1.2 Sanjiva Weerawarana's profile Page at wso2.com WSO2 home page Board of Directors - Lanka Software Foundation Sanjeeva Weerawarana in Business Week American bloggers Sri Lankan computer programmers Living people Members of the Open Source Initiative board of directors People from Colombo American computer programmers Year of birth missing (living people)
CORSIKA (COsmic Ray SImulations for KAscade) is a physics computer software for simulation of extensive air showers induced by high energy cosmic rays, i.e. protons and atomic nuclei, as well as Gamma rays (photons), electrons, and neutrinos. It may be used up to and beyond the highest energies of 100 EeV. In the current version the program utilizes the hadronic interaction models EPOS, QGSJET, and DPMJET, which are based on Gribov-Regge theory, and SIBYLL based on a minijet model for high energies. Hadronic interactions at lower energies are described either by the GHEISHA module, by FLUKA, or by the UrQMD model. Electromagnetic interactions are treated by an adapted version of the EGS4 code, customized by including the Landau–Pomeranchuk–Migdal effect relevant at higher energies. It can be used to simulate the generation of Cherenkov radiation, radio emission (Askaryan radiation), and atmospheric neutrinos. A complete rewrite of CORSIKA in C++ named CORSIKA 8 is currently work in progress. References External links Extensive Air Shower Simulations with CORSIKA and the Influence of High-Energy Hadronic Interaction Models by Heck, D. at , oai:arXiv.org:astro-ph/0103073 at arXiv The Automated Air Shower Generation with CORSIKA at the Computing Center of IN2P3 PS Recent Extensions to the Air Shower Simulation Program CORSIKA, proceedings of the 25th ICRC. Physics software
The Chronicles of Spellborn was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) initially released on November 27, 2008, developed by Spellborn International and distributed by Frogster Interactive, Mindscape and Acclaim Games; set in a post-apocalyptic fantasy world. Spellborn used the Unreal Engine, featured a European Art approach and contained notable contributions from Jesper Kyd. In August 2010, the game was shut down. As of 2019, the game is still played on a proprietary private server that is operated by a former developer. Gameplay Spellborn consisted largely of conventional MMORPG gameplay, in which the player plays a character (avatar), and explores the gameworld in order to gain experience points and advance in level. In exploring the gameworld, the player encounters quests, the most important part of Spellborn'''s gameplay. The game had about a thousand of these quests. Completing quests was the primary means of earning experience points. Repeatedly killing dolphins ("Grinding" in gaming jargon) to gain levels was not a practical option in Spellborn. Separate from other story-driven quests were the Ancestral Quests, which allowed the player to take the role of a major character in Spellborn's history to accomplish a specific requirement. Players needed to complete certain Ancestral Quests in order to advance their character's story arc.Spellborn incorporated a first-person targeting system. In this system, the player selected an available skill to use, while aiming at the opponent. The player could also use two skills at the same time to create combinations. In Spellborn the player could choose Humans and Daevis as race, who can become all classes and feature no special advantages or flaws. At character creation the player could also select one of three archetypes, which then spread into three different classes each at level 5. Every class got access to several different skills, which could be used in combat, but due to the Skilldeck system players can only choose between a few at any time. Every skill a character had learned in a career was listed in the skill book. Some skills were unique to certain classes, while others were shared between them. Characters learned new skills as they increased in level. At maximum level a character could also learn the skills of the other archetypes (but not classes) by exploring certain places in the game's setting. Unlike most games of its type, armor and weapons in Spellborn didn't provide any statistical improvements to the player's character. Instead, they served aesthetic purposes. Players could choose their character's appearance at the beginning of the game, and could change it later by using different items with higher requirements. Players could enhance their gear with Sigils. These enhancements were interchangeable between different items. Setting Since Spellborn focuses in a large part on doing quests, the game provided a certain amount of background information for the players. Spellborn's fictional history is divided into eight ages; players enter the world at its current age known as "The Time of the Enclave", 998 years after the shattering of the world. The game's world is divided into Shards of rock, remnants of the ancient world that are inhabited by the survivors of the cataclysm. Four main Shards were available for exploration by players. Development In June 2009, the developers of Spellborn'', Spellborn Works, went bankrupt. One of the publishers, Acclaim, announced the following month that the game would be re-developed as a free-to-play game supported by microtransactions. The new version would be released sometime after 2010, and until then the free-to-play version would remain active. The game servers were shut down in August 2010. As of October 2017, Spellborn has not been re-released by any publisher. There is currently a private server running for The Chronicles of Spellborn right now, reviving the once dead MMO. References External links Publisher Frogster Interactive website 2008 video games Massively multiplayer online role-playing games Unreal Engine games Fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing games Video games scored by Jesper Kyd Video games developed in the Netherlands Windows games Windows-only games Products and services discontinued in 2010 Acclaim Games games Inactive massively multiplayer online games Mindscape games Frogster Interactive Pictures games
Ettore Perazzoli (June 15, 1974 - December 10, 2003) was an Italian free software developer. Biography Born in Milan, Italy, he studied Engineering at the Politecnico di Milano university. He wrote a port of x64, a Commodore 64 emulator for Unix, to DOS, thus turning it into a cross-platform emulator, which was renamed to VICE. He has been a maintainer of VICE for many years, and started the Microsoft Windows port, which is now the most popular version of VICE. He then started contributing to GNOME, a Linux desktop environment. He helped in writing GtkHTML, Nautilus and Evolution. Close friend of Nat Friedman and Miguel de Icaza, he was invited by them to work for the company they founded, Ximian. He accepted and in 2001 moved to Boston, United States, where Ximian was headquartered. At Ximian he led the effort to create Evolution and remained the project manager until he died. He started writing an application for managing digital photo albums, in C#, for personal use. On November 8, 2003, he published it on GNOME Concurrent Versions System (CVS) server, with the name F-Spot. On December 12, 2003, the GnomeDesktop.org website announced his death. External links Article on Barrapunto about Ettore Perazzoli's death (in Spanish) 1974 births 2003 deaths GNOME developers Polytechnic University of Milan alumni
A manual pulse generator (MPG) is a device for generating electrical pulses (short bursts of low current) in electronic systems under the control of a human operator (manually), as opposed to the pulses automatically generated by software. MPGs are used on computer numerically controlled (CNC) machine tools, on some microscopes, and on other devices that use precise component positioning. A typical MPG consists of a rotating knob that generates pulses that are sent to an equipment controller. The controller will then move the piece of equipment a predetermined distance for each pulse. For example, the handwheel of a typical CNC control will move any of the slides of the machine by one minimum increment, such as 1 micrometre or 1 ten-thousandth of an inch, for each pulse, and the handwheel will give one ratchet-like click or other haptic click to confirm to the user that a single increment occurred. Several selector switches control the handwheel's output: one allows each of the machine's axes (X, Y, Z, and so on) to be selected in turn; another shifts through several ranges of output, so that one click of the wheel is either one minimum increment, 10 times that, or 100 times that. The modern trend in CNC user interface design is to place the MPG on a handheld pendant that the operator can carry, making it conveniently independent from the main control panel, just as a game controller is independent from the video game console. Computing input devices
The Staden Package is computer software, a set of tools for DNA sequence assembly, editing, and sequence analysis. It is open-source software, released under a BSD 3-clause license. Package components The Staden package consists of several different programs. The main components are: pregap4 – base calling with Phred, end clipping, and vector trimming trev – trace viewing and editing gap4 – sequence assembly, contig editing, and finishing gap5 – assembly visualising, editing, and finishing of NGS data Spin – DNA and protein sequence analysis History The Staden Package was developed by Rodger Staden's group at the Medical Research Council (MRC) Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Cambridge, England, since 1977. The package was available free to academic users, with 2,500 licenses issued in 2003 and an estimated 10,000 users, when funding for further development ended. The package was converted to open-source in 2004, and several new versions have been released since. During the years of active development, the Staden group published a number of widely used file formats and ideas, including the SCF file format, the use of sequence quality scores to generate accurate consensus sequences, and the ZTR file format. See also Genome Compiler Phred base calling Phrap Consed CodonCode Aligner MacVector UGENE Vector NTI References External links Bioinformatics software Computational science
JH is a cryptographic hash function submitted to the NIST hash function competition by Hongjun Wu. Though chosen as one of the five finalists of the competition, in 2012 JH ultimately lost to NIST hash candidate Keccak. JH has a 1024-bit state, and works on 512-bit input blocks. Processing an input block consists of three steps: XOR the input block into the left half of the state. Apply a 42-round unkeyed permutation (encryption function) to the state. This consists of 42 repetitions of: Break the input into 256 4-bit blocks, and map each through one of two 4-bit S-boxes, the choice being made by a 256-bit round-dependent key schedule. Equivalently, combine each input block with a key bit, and map the result through a 5→4 bit S-box. Mix adjacent 4-bit blocks using a maximum distance separable code over GF(24). Permute 4-bit blocks so that they will be adjacent to different blocks in following rounds. XOR the input block into the right half of the state. The resulting digest is the first 224, 256, 384 or 512 bits from the 1024-bit final value. It is well suited to a bit slicing implementation using the SSE2 instruction set, giving speeds of 16.8 cycles per byte. Examples of JH hashes Hash values of empty string. JH-224("") 0x 2c99df889b019309051c60fecc2bd285a774940e43175b76b2626630 JH-256("") 0x 46e64619c18bb0a92a5e87185a47eef83ca747b8fcc8e1412921357e326df434 JH-384("") 0x 2fe5f71b1b3290d3c017fb3c1a4d02a5cbeb03a0476481e25082434a881994b0ff99e078d2c16b105ad069b569315328 JH-512("") 0x 90ecf2f76f9d2c8017d979ad5ab96b87d58fc8fc4b83060f3f900774faa2c8fabe69c5f4ff1ec2b61d6b316941cedee117fb04b1f4c5bc1b919ae841c50eec4f Even a small change in the message will (with overwhelming probability) result in a mostly different hash, due to the avalanche effect. For example, adding a period to the end of the sentence: JH-256("The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog") 0x 6a049fed5fc6874acfdc4a08b568a4f8cbac27de933496f031015b38961608a0 JH-256("The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.") 0x d001ae2315421c5d3272bac4f4aa524bddd207530d5d26bbf51794f0da18fafc References External links The JH web site JH page on the SHA-3 Zoo VHDL source code developed by the Cryptographic Engineering Research Group (CERG) at George Mason University NIST hash function competition
Artnet.com is an art market website. It is operated by Artnet Worldwide Corporation, which has headquarters in New York City, New York, in the United States. It is owned by Artnet AG, a German publicly traded company based in Berlin that is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The company increased revenues by 25.3% to 17.3 million EUR in 2015 compared with a year before. Company history The company was founded as Centrox Corporation in 1989 by Pierre Sernet, a French collector who developed database software which allowed images of artworks to be associated with market prices. Hans Neuendorf, a German art dealer, began to invest in the company in the 1990s; he became chairman in 1992 and chief executive officer in 1995. That same year, the name was changed to Artnet Worldwide Corporation. It was taken over by Artnet AG in 1998. Neuendorf's son, Jacob Pabst, became chief executive officer in July 2012. Website Artnet operates an international research and trading platform for the art market, including works of fine art, decorative arts and design. Its services allow users to research art, contact galleries directly, and attain price transparency in the art market. The platform caters to art dealers as well as buyers. In 2008, Artnet launched the first online auctions platform exclusively for works of art. In 2015, the site saw a 120% increase in new registrations, rising sell-through rates, and a notable increase in numbers of lots sold. A French version of the site, artnet.fr, was launched in October 2008. It included a French-language magazine which offers a critical overview of the art market in France. In February 2014, the company launched a 24-hour news site, Artnet News. Benjamin Genocchio, former editorial director of Louise Blouin Media, was appointed editor-in-chief. Services Artnet's primary service is online auctions. The Artnet Fine Art and Design Price Database and the Artnet Decorative Art Price Database contain over 10 million auction sale results dating back to 1985 from over 1700 international auction houses. Market value and long-term price developments of artworks can be researched online. An additional product is the Artnet online Gallery Network, an online platform that connects galleries and collectors from around the world. With over 35,000 artists and 2,200 international galleries worldwide, it is the largest network of its kind, and generates inquiries from both collectors and first-time buyers. Subscribing galleries can list works for sale on the site. Collaborations In 2004, Artnet and the international auction house Sotheby's began a collaboration. A collaboration with Art Basel/Art Basel Miami Beach was also launched in 2007. References Companies based in Berlin Companies based in New York City Online databases Art websites Companies listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange
Model-based definition (MBD), sometimes called digital product definition (DPD), is the practice of using 3D models (such as solid models, 3D PMI and associated metadata) within 3D CAD software to define (provide specifications for) individual components and product assemblies. The types of information included are geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&T), component level materials, assembly level bills of materials, engineering configurations, design intent, etc. By contrast, other methodologies have historically required accompanying use of 2D engineering drawings to provide such details. Use of the 3D digital data set Modern 3D CAD applications allow for the insertion of engineering information such as dimensions, GD&T, notes and other product details within the 3D digital data set for components and assemblies. MBD uses such capabilities to establish the 3D digital data set as the source of these specifications and design authority for the product. The 3D digital data set may contain enough information to manufacture and inspect product without the need for engineering drawings. Engineering drawings have traditionally contained such information. In many instances, use of some information from 3D digital data set (e.g., the solid model) allows for rapid prototyping of product via various processes, such as 3D printing. A manufacturer may be able to feed 3D digital data directly to manufacturing devices such as CNC machines to manufacture the final product. Limited Dimension Drawing Limited Dimension Drawing (LDD), sometimes Reduced Dimension Drawing, are 2D drawings that only contain critical information, noting that all missing information is to be taken from an associated 3D model. For companies in transition to MBD from traditional 2D documentation a Limited Dimension Drawing allows for referencing 3D geometry while retaining a 2D drawing that can be used in existing corporate procedures. Only limited information is placed on the 2D drawing and then a note is placed to notify manufactures they must build off the 3D model for any dimensions not found on the 2D drawing. Standardization In 2003, ASME published the ASME Y14.41 Digital Product Definition Data Practices, which was revised in 2012 and again in 2019. The standard provides for the use of many MBD aspects, such as GD&T display and other annotation behaviors within 3D modelling environment. ISO 16792 standardizes MBD within the ISO standards, sharing many similarities with the ASME standard. Other standards, such as ISO 1101 and of AS9100 also make use of MBD. In 2013, the United States Department of Defense released MIL-STD-31000 Revision A to codify the use of MBD as a requirement for technical data packages (TDP). See also ASME Y14.41 CAD standards References External links Model-centric Design, Design World, 2008 Computer-aided design Computer-aided engineering Product lifecycle management Computer-aided manufacturing software Management cybernetics
Ismat Jahan (born June 3, 1960) is a Bangladeshi diplomat who is currently serving as the Permanent Observer of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation to the European Union. From 2009 to 2016, she was Ambassador of Bangladesh to Belgium, Luxembourg and the European Union and from 2007 to 2009, she was the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Bangladesh to the United Nations. Education A career diplomat of the 1982 batch of Bangladesh Civil Service (Foreign Affairs) cadre, Jahan had her education in the University of Dhaka with an honours and a master's degree in economics. Later, she did her MA in law and diplomacy from The Fletcher School, Tufts University. She was also a fellow in the School of Foreign Service, Georgetown University in the United States. Career During her diplomatic career, Jahan served in various capacities at Bangladesh's Foreign Affairs Ministry as well as missions abroad including Bangladesh's Permanent Missions in New York City and Geneva, and High Commission in New Delhi. She was Bangladesh's Ambassador to the Netherlands (2005–2007). Following her appointment as Ambassador to the Netherlands, Jahan served as Permanent Representative of Bangladesh to the United Nations. She was the first woman Permanent Representative of Bangladesh to the UN. From 2009 to 2016 Jahan served as Bangladesh Ambassador to Belgium, Luxembourg and Head of Mission to the European Union. In 2010, Jahan was elected as member of the UN Committee on Elimination of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW). In July 2016, she was appointed as the head the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC)'s Permanent Observer Mission to the European Union. In her role, Jahan contributes to raising awareness to anti-Muslim and antisemitic hate speech, including of hate speech on social media. Personal life Jahan is married to Johannes den Heijer, a national of the Netherlands, and professor of Arabic language and literature at the Université Catholique de Louvain in Belgium. Under a rule dating back to 1976, Bangladesh foreign ministry officials were not allowed to marry foreign nationals. The law was amended in 2008, following a request by Jahan to marry her Dutch national fiancée Johannes den Heijer. References Ambassadors of Bangladesh to the Netherlands Ambassadors of Bangladesh to Belgium Ambassadors of Bangladesh to Luxembourg Ambassadors of Bangladesh to the European Union The Fletcher School at Tufts University alumni Walsh School of Foreign Service faculty 1960 births Living people United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women members Permanent Representatives of Bangladesh to the United Nations Bangladeshi women diplomats Bangladeshi officials of the United Nations Bangladeshi women ambassadors Bangladeshi diplomats
The Linux Beer Hike (a.k.a. "LBW") is a week-long event which takes place in a different European country each summer, drawing together open-source software enthusiasts from more than a dozen different countries, for a combination of talks, presentations, hands-on mini-projects, outdoor exercise, and good food and drink. The name Linux Bier Wanderung comes from the fact that the first event was held in Pottenstein in Germany (in 1999) in the form of a traditional German "Bierwanderung" for Linux enthusiasts. Since then the event has been held at the following locations: 1999: Pottenstein, Germany 2000: Coniston, England 2001: Bouillon, Belgium 2002: Doolin, Ireland 2003: Tajov, Slovakia 2004: Schin op Geul, Netherlands 2005: Killin, Scotland 2006: Palūšė, Lithuania 2007: Hersonissos, Greece. LBW was organised by Hellenic Linux User Group, and was held on 2–9 September 2007. 2008: Samnaun, Switzerland (9–17 August) 2009: Helmbrechts, Germany 2010: Alfriston, Sussex, England 2011: Tux-Lanersbach, Austria 2012: Diksmuide, Belgium 2013: Castleton, England 2014: Talybont-on-Usk, Wales 2015: Wiltz, Luxembourg 2016: Laxey, Isle of Man 2017: St. Martin in Passeier, Italy 2018: Jedovnice, Czech Republic 2019: Craven Arms, England (12–18 August 2019) 2020: Kronberg, Germany (30 August – 5 September 2020) Unfortunately owed to current circumstances this event has been cancelled. References External links Free-software events Recurring events established in 1999 1999 establishments in Germany
The Quest Trio is a video game for the Nintendo DS. It was published by Activision in 2008. The "Trio" part of the game's name refers to the 3 selectable games: Jewel Quest II: Jewel Quest Expeditions, Jewel Quest Solitaire, and Mah Jong Quest Expeditions. Reception IGN gave the game an 8.1 rating overall. Their highest sub rating was an 8.5 for "Lasting Appeal". References External links Activision's US Site Game Brains Mistic Software iWin 2008 video games Activision games Digital card games IWin games Mistic Software games Multiplayer and single-player video games Nintendo DS games Nintendo DS-only games Patience video games Puzzle video games Video games developed in Canada
Batman is a 1986 isometric action-adventure game by Ocean Software for the Amstrad PCW, Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum, and MSX, and the first Batman game developed. The game received favourable reviews. An unrelated Batman game was released two years later, titled Batman: The Caped Crusader. Gameplay The object of the game is to rescue Robin by collecting the seven parts of the Batcraft hovercraft that are scattered around the Batcave. The gameplay takes place in a 3D isometric universe, which programmer Jon Ritman and artist Bernie Drummond would further develop for 1987's Head Over Heels, and is notable for implementing an early example of a save game system that allows players to restart from an intermediate point in the game on the loss of all lives rather than returning all the way to the start (in this case the point at which Batman collects a "Batstone"). Reception Batman was received well by the computer game press at the time. Crash gave it a rating of 93%, Your Sinclair scored it 9/10 and Sinclair User gave it five stars and rated it as a "classic". The game reached the number one position in the Amstrad, ZX Spectrum and All-Format charts in the same week in May 1986. Legacy A freeware remake, called Watman, was released for MS-DOS in 2000. A remake called GWatman has also been written for the Game Boy Advance. A remake for IBM PC compatibles was produced by Retrospec. A remake for MSX2 was produced by AAMSX and FX Software, for the MSX RU of 2014. References External links Batman video games Ocean Software games 1986 video games Amstrad CPC games Amstrad PCW games MSX games ZX Spectrum games Video games with isometric graphics Video games set in the United States Superhero video games Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Archibald James Campbell (18 February 1853 – 11 September 1929) was an Australian civil servant in the Victorian (later Australian) government Customs Service. However, his international reputation rests on his expertise as an amateur ornithologist, naturalist, and photographer. He was one of the principal founders of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union (RAOU) in 1901, and served as its president in 1909 and 1928. He was also a founder member of the Victorian Wattle Club in 1899 and the Bird Observers Club in 1905. Campbell was active in the Field Naturalists Club of Victoria from its inception in 1880, leading pioneering expeditions and writing for their journal. He wrote the classic field guide to oology (a branch of ornithology) in Australia: Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds, published in 1901. Early life Campbell (the ornithologist) shared his personal names, Archibald James, with his father, so to avoid confusion the ornithologist will be referred to throughout this article as "Campbell", whilst his father will be named in full. Campbell's parents were Scottish, Archibald James Campbell (1817–1872) and his wife Catherine (née Pinkerton) (1833–1882) both having been born in the Gorbals area of Glasgow. Travelling alone, the 22 year-old Archibald James Campbell sailed from Liverpool aboard the barque Statesman on 4 February 1840, disembarking in Melbourne on 21June. He obtained employment in the Victorian Education Department, but moved to the rural Werribee River region in 1851 at a time when it was beginning to be exploited for agricultural and pastoral purposes. Before that, the Pinkerton extended family of twelve people had arrived in Melbourne on the barque Superb, in December 1839. By 1852, the Australian Electoral Roll records that several members of the Pinkerton family owned large tracts of freehold land on the Werribee River, used mainly to pasture sheep for the wool trade. In that year Archibald James Campbell married Catherine Pinkerton. The first of their children was their son, AJ Campbell, born in February 1853. William Campbell, Campbell's uncle, married Margaret Pinkerton (1829-1920), Campbell's aunt, in 1864. Years later, Margaret Pinkerton's 90th birthday was celebrated, and was described in a lengthy article in The Argus, providing many details of life in rural Victoria in the mid-1800s. Migrant families experienced for the first time the most basic living conditions, epidemics of serious diseases (for both humans and animals), and destructive natural hazards including fire, flood and drought. Landowners were also faced with another insuperable problem - the vanishing of their farm labourers whenever news of another discovery was reported in the Australian gold rushes of the 1850s and early 1860s. In addition, the cost of living increased dramatically because of the influx of diggers, and gold soon displaced wool as Australia's chief export commodity. Catherine and Margaret Pinkerton lost their mother, two siblings and a young cousin between 1855 and 1858, and Campbell's brother John Ecker Campbell died in 1860, aged 14 months. The head of the Pinkerton family, James, retired to Bacchus Marsh in 1862, and the Campbell family returned to Melbourne. Career On 18 February 1896, at the age of 16, Campbell obtained full-time work in the Victorian Government Customs Service as a "Landing waiter" (although several biographical articles give his job name as "landing weigher"). His next significant career step was confirmed on 12 September 1874 when his name appeared in The Argus (Melbourne) newspaper's list (page 7) of those who had passed the Civil Service Examination. The Victorian Customs Service was amalgamated with that of the other states in 1901, at the time of Federation, creating the Department of Trade and Customs (Australia). Campbell remained with the Service throughout his working life, until his retirement in July 1914. Study of Australian birds In the introduction to his presentation to the Field Naturalists Club of Victoria (FNCV) in 1883 Campbell explains that his topic, Oology (or oölogy), is a branch of ornithology that is devoted to the study of bird eggs and nests as an aid to identifying individual birds, and of learning about their movements and distribution across the country. The fact that Campbell was invited to speak at the FNCV indicates that, by the age of 30, he had become a recognized expert on Australian birds, nests and eggs. The FNCV was established in 1880 and is Victoria's oldest field naturalists club. Members are professional scientists, students and amateurs who study the natural world by going out into the environment. Since the establishment of the club, members have regularly arranged field trips for research, published scientific papers in their journal the Victorian Naturalist, and have taken an active and public role in promoting conservation and protection. Campbell had close working relationships with other prominent scientists in the FNCV, amongst whom was Professor Walter Baldwin Spencer, head of the Department of Biology at Melbourne University, and Dudley Le Souёf, an ornithologist and zoo director. Le Souёf in particular shared the same special interests as Campbell, being a photographer and presenter of "lantern lectures", the owner of an impressive egg collection, and working with Campbell in establishing the RAOU and its journal, Emu. Campbell also freely acknowledged his debt to the Englishman who had become the pioneer of Australian ornithology, John Gould (1804-1881). Both men shared an absence of secondary and tertiary education; and both undertook self-education so thoroughly that they became pre-eminent in their fields, and the books they wrote quickly became the standard scientific texts on their chosen subjects. Gould's Birds of Australia provided a foundation for Campbell's 1883 presentation and 1901 book on Nests and eggs of Australian birds. Where Gould described many species of Australian birds new to science, Campbell added innovative information about eggs and nests. Both writers made use of the newest technology available to illustrate their scientific data. Until 1840, Gould's pictures of birds were drawn and painted by his wife Elizabeth Coxon; many were reproduced by means of the recently invented technique of hand-painted lithographs; forty years later, Campbell's images of nests, eggs and habitat were created by the cutting-edge technology of photography. In his text Campbell frequently refers the reader to Gould's illustrations of the birds that he (Campbell) is writing about, e.g. in his entry on page 87 for the Magpie Lark Grallina cyanoleuca Campbell notes that the bird is illustrated in: "Figure - Gould: Birds of Australia, fol., vol.ii, plate 54". However, he does also include in his own text several coloured illustrations (that of the Rose robin, for instance), drawn by artists. Campbell received great acclaim during his lifetime, such as being invited to be a Colonial Member of the British Ornithologists' Union in 1902, and an Honorary Fellow of the American Ornithologists' Union in 1904 and this international recognition was important for the Australian ornithological community as a whole. Two leading Australian ornithological organisations owed their existence, at least in part, to Campbell, who was instrumental in their creation: the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union (RAOU) founded in 1901, and the (Victorian) Bird Observers Club founded in 1905. Study of Australian plants After birds, Campbell's most intense fascination was with Australian native flora, and particularly wattle trees (acacias) of which there are currently thought to be 1070 species. Enthusiasm for wattles existed amongst naturalists in Tasmania, South Australia and New South Wales, as well as in Victoria. Campbell's advocacy resulted in the formation in 1899 of a 'Wattle Club' in Victoria, to promote public interest in wattles and organise bush excursions on the first day of September every year. With the advent of Federation in 1901, Campbell began campaigning to have one of the wattle species, the Golden Wattle Acacia pycnantha, nominated as Australia's national floral emblem (in the same way as Ireland has the shamrock, Scotland the thistle, and so on). The matter was contentious - R.T.Baker campaigned just as hard for the flower of the Waratah Telopea speciosissima to be chosen. However, the Waratah has remained as the floral emblem of the state of New South Wales. The official proclamation concerning the Golden Wattle as emblem did not occur for many decades (during the Australian Bicentenary celebrations in 1988) but on 19 September 1912 it was incorporated into the design which is still seen in the coat of arms, and was 'granted' under royal warrant by King George V. Efforts were made to unify the wattle-enthusiasts across Australian by creating the Wattle Federation of Australasia, inaugurated in Melbourne in January 1913, as reported in the Examiner, on Fri 17 Jan 1913, Page 7, in an article entitled 'The Wattle Federation': Three delegates from each state were invited to attend the function, at which the wattle federation was started. Tasmania alone failed to send delegates, but the promoters, finding that [Tasmanians] Dr. Purdy and Mr. Seager were in Melbourne, invited these gentlemen to attend ... The Prime Minister (Right Hon. A. Fisher) presided at the inaugural dinner. - Examiner, 1913 Another milestone was passed on 19 April 1984 when the wattle's green and gold colours became Australia's national colours. A formal proclamation was made by the Governor-General, Sir Ninian Stevens, that: "green and gold ... shall be the national colours of Australia for use on all occasions on which such colours are customarily used". Following the 1988 official selection of the Golden Wattle as Australia's floral emblem, the final step of the journey that Campbell had begun in 1901 was taken when, in 1992, consensus was reached amongst the Commonwealth and all states and territories that the first day of Spring (1 September) should be Wattle Day throughout Australia. Photography Much of the evidence for Campbell's innovative work as a photographer is held by Museum Victoria, having been donated by Campbell himself, on 22 December 1915: This collection consists of 2,772 images taken by Archibald James Campbell. These are made up of a combination of black and white prints and glass negatives. Many of the images of birds and nests were used by Campbell in his book Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds, including the Geographical Distribution of the Species and Popular Observations Thereon, published in 1900. There is also a significant number of images taken by Campbell on his various field trips around Australia with groups such as the Ornithologists Union, Victorian Field Naturalists, The Working Men's College Photographic Club and his family. - Museum Victoria. His photographs provide not only a demonstration of the state of the art of photography in the 1880s but also a detailed historical record of conditions for the pioneering naturalists, who were sometimes accompanied on their expeditions by wives and children. For example, two of Campbell's photographs of the 1887-1888 FNCV expedition to King Island, Tasmania show the accommodation on the near-uninhabited island. Only the family of the lighthouse keeper and one kangaroo hunter were on the island to lend assistance to the group during their nineteen-day visit. As Campbell relates, when provisions were depleted and they began to run out of flour "a little bran was mixed, to stay its rapid progress. As the flour became thinner so the bran increased; finally, the last " mash " was all bran." Final years After retiring from employment, in 1914, Campbell's life continued to be filled with activity and events. After the loss of his first wife, Elizabeth Melrose Anderson (1855-1915), Campbell married again, to Blanche Duncan (1870-1953), and took up residence in Box Hill (which was still a rural area at that time). He continued his expeditions and his writing, and one of his retirement projects was to prepare a new book of text and photographs entitled Golden wattle, our national floral emblem. He died on 12 September 1929, after having prepared a speech for the RAOU, which was read out posthumously. Campbell is buried in the cemetery in St. Kilda, in what has become a somewhat dilapidated grave. He lies in the company of his father Archibald James Campbell, his mother Catherine Pinkerton, his sister Catherine Jane Campbell, his first wife, Elizabeth Melrose Anderson, their daughter Elizabeth Victoria Campbell, and his second wife, Blanche Duncan. Legacy Besides the scientific associations that he helped to bring into existence and which still exist in one form or another, Campbell left a large body of written and photographic work. Some of the key texts are mentioned below: Articles: The FNCV journal the Victorian Naturalist has two notable articles from Campbell which later also appeared in the Australasian: Campbell, AJ 1888, 'Field Naturalists Club of Victoria: expedition to King Island, 1887: official report', The Victorian Naturalist, 4, 129–135. Campbell, AJ 1888, 'Field Naturalists Club of Victoria: expedition to King Island, 1887: narrative of the expedition', The Victorian Naturalist, 4, 146–162. The National Library of Australia has many of Campbell's papers, in their collection entitled the A. J. Campbell Collection. Box 3 holds a scrapbook containing 77 articles by Campbell that were published in the "Australasian" 1893–1900. The journal Emu was published by the RAOU. Campbell contributed many articles to it, whilst also acting as co-editor for thirteen years. Books: Campbell, AJ 1883, Nests and Eggs of Australian birds, embracing papers on "Oology of Australian birds" read before the Field Naturalists Club of Victoria, published by the author, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Campbell, AJ 1974, Nests and eggs of Australian birds, including the geographical distribution of the species and popular observations thereon, Wren, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. (First edition, 1901). Campbell, AJ 1921, Golden wattle, our national floral emblem, Osboldstone, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. References External links Short video (2m 20s) about A. J. Campbell by Museums Victoria on YouTube A. J. Campbell photographic collection at Museums Victoria Floral Emblems of Australia World Wide Wattle Birds in Backyards BirdLife Australia Bush Heritage Australia Online copy of Birds of Australia, 1848, by J Gould, with illustrations by HC Richter and others Campbell family tree in Ancestry.com (membership required) 1853 births 1929 deaths Australian ornithologists Egg collectors 19th-century Australian photographers 20th-century Australian photographers 19th-century Australian public servants 19th-century Australian scientists Oologists Artists from the Colony of Victoria
The MIT Shared Memory Extension or MIT-SHM or XShm is an X Window System extension for exchange of image data between client and server using shared memory (usually ). The mechanism only works when both pieces are on the same computer. The basic capability provided is that of shared memory XImages. This is essentially a version of the ximage interface where the actual image data is stored in a SysV shared memory segment, and thus need not be transferred across the socket to the X server. For large images, use of this facility can result in some real performance increases. Additionally, some implementations provide shared memory pixmaps. These are two-dimensional arrays of pixels in a format specified by the X server, where the image data is stored in the shared memory segment. Through use of shared memory pixmaps, it is possible to change the contents of these pixmaps without using any Xlib routines at all. Shared memory pixmaps can only be supported when the X server can use regular virtual memory for pixmap data; if the pixmaps are stored in the on-board memory of graphics hardware, an application will not be able to share them with the server. In the 1.15 release of the X.org server the MIT-SHM extension gains two additional requests: 'X_ShmAttachFd' and 'X_ShmCreateSegment', to be able to pass shared memory through file descriptors from client to server and from server to client, reducing the number of copy operations further. References External links MIT-SHM(The MIT Shared Memory Extension) shm.xml - the XCB protocol specification for the MIT-SHM extension X Window extensions
Matrix Partners is a US-based private equity investment firm focusing on venture capital investments. The firm invests in seed and early-stage companies in the United States and India, particularly in the software, communications, semiconductors, data storage, Internet or wireless sectors. The firm is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts; Mumbai, India; and Beijing, China. History Founded in 1977, Matrix was an active player in the development of the venture capital industry in the 1980s. The firm's direct predecessor, Hellman Ferri Investment Associates (1977 to 1982), was founded by Paul J. Ferri and Warren Hellman. In 1982, Ferri and Hellman split ways and Ferri went to focus on early-stage companies, forming Matrix in Boston, Massachusetts while Hellman founded the San Francisco-based private equity firm, Hellman & Friedman which focused on later-stage firm investments. Among the firm's notable investments, Matrix Partners was an early-stage investor in Apple Inc., Arrowpoint Communications, Digium, JBoss, JustFab, PSINet, SanDisk, Silverstream Software, TheLadders.com, Sonus Networks, Tivoli Software, Tollbridge Technologies, VERITAS Software, Vermeer Technologies Incorporated, and Xilinx. In 1985, Matrix raised its first institutional private equity fund. In 2001, Matrix Partners completed fundraising for Matrix Partners VII, a $1 billion venture capital fund. In 2006, Matrix raised Matrix Partners VIII fund, with $445 million of investor commitments. In 2006, Matrix also raised a separate $150 million India fund. In July 2009, Matrix raised Matrix IX fund with $600 million. As of 2018, the firm has raised eleven U.S venture capital funds and five China focused funds. In November 2021, The Wall Street Journal reported that Matrix Partners is a major investor in Chinese semiconductor firms, raising U.S. national security concerns. References External links Venture capital firms of the United States Financial services companies established in 1977 1977 establishments in California
Korong Vale is a town in north western Victoria. The town is in the Shire of Loddon, north west of the state capital of Melbourne. At the , Korong Vale had a population of 168. Korongvale Post Office opened on 17 May 1879 and was renamed Korong Vale around 1945. Korong Vale—as the junction of the Kulwin and Robinvale railway lines—was a major railway town for many years and much of the population was made up of railway staff and their families. The local railway station also had a locomotive depot and railway yard. In 2009 the only rail infrastructure remaining was a single crossing loop and a single point for the junction for the lines to Kulwin and Robinvale. Post WW2, Korong Vale was a thriving town servicing the railway and farming community. In the town centre, there was Harrisons Hardware Store, a clothing store, a bakery, a butchers, McTaggerts Foundry, Mathews Hotel and a cafe. There was Korong Vale Primary school, bowling green, tennis courts, and Korong Vale football and netball club. The town hall remains. Golfers play at the course of the Korong Vale Golf Club. References Towns in Victoria (state) Shire of Loddon
Mohammad Momin Khawaja (born April 14, 1979 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian found guilty of involvement in a plot to plant fertilizer bombs in the United Kingdom; while working as a software engineer under contract to the Foreign Affairs department in 2004 became the first person charged and found guilty under the Canadian Anti-Terrorism Act following the proof that he communicated with British Islamists plotting a bomb attack. On March 12, 2009, Khawaja was sentenced to 10.5 years in prison and was eligible for parole five years into the prison term. On December 17, 2010, Khawaja's sentence was increased to life imprisonment by the Ontario Court of Appeals. Early life and education Born to Pakistani immigrants Azra and Mahboob who had moved to Canada in 1967, Khawaja lived in Saudi Arabia with his family (ages 9–14), before moving back to Ottawa, where he attended Sir Wilfrid Laurier Secondary School and graduated in January 1998. Career Following graduation, he entered a 3-year computer program at Algonquin College, and became more religious and began teaching youth at the Cumberland mosque. His April 2001 graduation led to a placement in the Gatineau office of HRDC. In January 2002, Khawaja took a 3-month trip to stay with his uncle in Pakistan while looking for a potential wife. It was later alleged that this trip had been meant to join the Taliban. Upon returning unsuccessful, he took a job as a contracted software developer for the Department of Foreign Affairs. Terrorist activities In summer 2003, the 24-year-old Khawaja began visiting paintball and pellet gun ranges with friends, signing in at the desk with pseudonyms. One friend, Younes Lasfar, got Khawaja to store two rifles and some ammunition at his house, and Khawaja complies, storing them under his bed. In July, he is alleged to have attended a four-day training camp in Pakistan's FATA region, along with Omar Khyam. In October, Khawaja flew to Pakistan, and is alleged to have met with Khyam who gave him a medical kit, invisible ink set, cell phone SIM cards and cash, which he allegedly brought to Abu Munthir in Pakistan. On October 19, Khawaja sent an email to Mohammed Junaid Babar, stating; "I will start on the remote devices thing right away and will let u know once we have it ready for testing and i find some of the things for testing. Urea, nitro phosphate, anything else we need?". During this time, Khawaja also began corresponding with Zeba Khan after reading her articles on the internet, and arranged to once again travel to Pakistan to meet her, going out to dinner with her and Babar. On October 29, Khan announced that she was engaged to Khawaja, though later the couple decide to cancel the marriage but remain friends. Prosecutors allege that the following month, the British-based group and Khawaja began discussing potential explosives to be used in the service of "jihad". Arrest, trial and sentencing Khawaja was arrested on March 29, 2004, while his father was teaching at a university in Saudi Arabia, as part of a month-long sting operation entitled Operation Awaken that saw eight others, all of Pakistani heritage, arrested. Ultimately five were convicted in London courts, and two were acquitted, while Babar agreed to testify against the others in exchange for full immunity for himself. Khawaja's ex-fiancée testified by videolink from Dubai. The initial two charges against Khawaja were boosted to seven counts, following Babar's telling of events, and a publication ban prevented the media from reporting on details revealed during legal hearings. Represented by attorney Lawrence Greenspon, Khawaja was told to expect a direct indictment leading to a trial beginning in 2006. The trial began on June 23, 2008, heard by Superior Court judge Douglas Rutherford, prosecuted by David McKercher. He was charged with helping to develop bomb detonators, possession of explosives, helping to finance terrorist activity, receiving terrorist training and facilitating terrorism. He had pleaded not guilty on all charges, and the case was being heard without a jury. On October 29, 2008, he was found guilty on all charges by Justice Rutherford. On March 12, 2009, at his sentencing hearing, Rutherford sentenced Khawaja to 10.5 years in addition to the five years already served. Khawaja would be eligible for parole in five years. Issues and appeal Greenspon, Khawaja’s lawyer, said a major problem comes when police launch investigations into whether someone might be a terrorist simply because of their religious or political beliefs. However, Federal prosecutor Nick Devlin argued that people do not develop prejudices against members of particular religions because of Criminal Code provisions such as the motive clause, which does not mention Muslims or any other group by name. "It is completely neutral," Devlin told the court. "This legislation would apply to someone who bombed Dr. (Henry) Morgentaler’s [abortion] clinic for some unknown reason. It would apply to [Oklahoma City bomber] Timothy McVeigh. It would apply to Islamic extremists." The Canadian Government appealed the sentencing, asking for a longer sentence. The Supreme Court reviewed the Khawaja case to examine the constitutionality of the definition of "terrorist activity" in the criminal code. The main issue focuses on the motive clause, which states that terrorist activity is that committed, "in whole or in part for a political, religious or ideological purpose, objective or cause." At Khawaja’s trial, Rutherford ruled that the motive provision was unconstitutional, but still ordered the trial to proceed. The original evidence from the case was also reviewed in the appeal. The following is taken directly from the Supreme Court of Canada Judgement: – The facts underlying the offences were largely undisputed. Voluminous email correspondence attested in graphic detail to the appellant’s ideological commitment to violent "jihad" and to his acts in Canada and elsewhere to further jihad-inspired terrorist activities. – While living with his siblings in Canada, the appellant became obsessed with Osama Bin Laden and his cause. The appellant began communicating with other people committed to violence in the name of Islam, some of whom he referred to as "the bros". He entered into covert email correspondence with Mohammed Junaid Babar, an American of Pakistani descent who eventually pleaded guilty in New York City to five counts of providing material support or resources to al Qaeda. He also communicated extensively with Omar Khyam, the leader of a terrorist cell based in London, England, who was convicted along with several co-conspirators of a plot to bomb targets in the U.K. and elsewhere in Europe. – The appellant repeatedly offered Khyam and Babar support. He gave Khyam money for an explosives operation in the United Kingdom or elsewhere in Europe. He gave Babar cash, supplies and SIM cards so that Babar could contact Khyam when transporting detonators to Europe. He provided funds to support Babar, Khyam and "the bros" in their jihadist efforts. He designed a remote arming device for explosives that the police referred to as the "Hi-Fi Digimonster", and offered to smuggle it into the U.K. and train the U.K. cell on its use. He recruited a woman in Ottawa to facilitate transfers of money. He also offered to procure night goggles for use by the group. – The appellant travelled to Pakistan alone and with Khyam, and attended Babar’s small arms training camp. He made his parents’ home in Pakistan available to the "bros". He suggested members of the U.K. group travel to Canada for weapons training. He also proposed to Khyam via email that a supporter of the Khyam group be sent to Israel on a suicide mission. – On March 29, 2004, the RCMP arrested the appellant and searched his house in Orleans, Ottawa. They seized the "Hi-Fi Digimonster", electronic components and devices, parts suitable for constructing more remote arming devices, documents corroborating the assembly process for the device, instructional literature and tools, military calibre rifles and ammunition, other weapons, hard drives, $10,300 in one-hundred dollar bills, military books and jihad-related books. No blasting caps, other detonators or explosives components were discovered. The appeal was won by the Crown and the court increased Khawaja sentence to life in prison. He is unlikely to get parole as long as he is housed in a supermax prison. Khawaja was held at the Special Handling Unit at Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines Prison in Quebec. He has been there since 2009 and has been kept in segregation. He since then has moved to Bath Institution where he is chairman of the lifers group References 1979 births Living people 21st-century Canadian criminals Canadian male criminals People from Ottawa Canadian people of Pakistani descent Canadian expatriates in Saudi Arabia Islamic terrorism in Canada
Irving Sandler (July 22, 1925 – June 2, 2018) was an American art critic, art historian, and educator. He provided numerous first hand accounts of American art, beginning with abstract expressionism in the 1950s. He also managed the Tanager Gallery downtown and co-ordinated the New York Artists Club (the "Club") of the New York School from 1955 to its demise in 1962 as well as documenting numerous conversations at the Cedar Street Tavern and other art venues. Al Held named him, "Our Boswell of the New York scene," and Frank O'Hara immortalized him as the "balayeur des artistes" (sweeper-up after artists) because of Sandler's constant presence and habit of taking notes at art world events. Sandler saw himself as an impartial observer of this period, as opposed to polemical advocates such as Clement Greenberg and Harold Rosenberg. Biography Sandler was a child of Eastern European Jewish immigrants. His parents were advocates of socialism. Sandler was born in Brooklyn. His family relocated to Philadelphia, then to Winnipeg, and finally back to Philadelphia. He served as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Marine Corps for three years in the Second World War. He received a bachelor's degree from Temple University in 1948, and a master's degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1950. He did some additional graduate work at Columbia University, but ultimately finished a doctoral degree at New York University much later, in 1976. He started writing art criticism at the behest of Thomas B. Hess for ARTnews in 1956, and was a senior critic there through 1962. He has taught at several universities, including the Pratt Institute, New York University, and the State University of New York at Purchase, where he was appointed a founding professor in the School of Art+Design (then called the Visual Arts Division) in 1972, and where he remained until his retirement. Sandler curated several critically acclaimed exhibitions including the "Concrete Expressionism Show" in 1965 at New York University, which featured the work of painters Al Held and Knox Martin and the sculptors Ronald Bladen, George Sugarman and David Weinrib, and "The Prospect Mountain Sculpture Show" in 1977. Sandler interviewed many American artists throughout his long career, including first generation abstract expressionists such as Robert Motherwell, Willem de Kooning, Phillip Guston, and Franz Kline in 1957 and later pop protagonists such as Tom Wesselmann in 1984. Many of these interviews are part of the Archives of American Art Oral History Program at the Smithsonian Institution, as well as available from the Irving Sandler Papers at the Getty Research Institute. In 1972, he co-founded the not-for-profit alternative gallery Artists Space with Trudie Grace, which helped launch the careers of Judy Pfaff, Barbara Kruger and Cindy Sherman amongst others. As indicated in the bibliography below, Sandler authored several monographs on individual artists as well as a sweeping, four-volume survey of contemporary art (The Triumph of American Painting: A History of Abstract Expressionism (1970), The New York School: The Painters and Sculptors of the Fifties (1978), American Art of the 1960s (1988), and Art of the Postmodern Era: From the Late 1960s to the Early 1990s (1996). Robert Storr has described the history, "Narrative, untheoretical--at times antitheoretical--and unapologetically focused not just on what happened in the United States but principally on what happened in Manhattan, Sandler's surveys have been widely criticized but even more widely used, not least because they are readable and deeply informed by their author's unrivaled access to the artists and art-worldings about whom he writes." Sandler continued to write about art during his final years and was concerned with readdressing his earlier "canonical" works on abstract expressionism with the benefit of historical distance. In 2009 he published Abstract Expressionism and the American Experience: a Reevaluation. His first novel, Goodbye to Tenth Street, was published posthumously in late 2018. Sandler died on June 2, 2018, at the age of 92. Selected works Introduction by Russell Panczenko. A collection of Sandler's writings spanning six decades. Foreword by Raphael Rubinstein. Irving Sandler (2015). Swept Up By Art: An Art Critic in the Post-Avant-Garde Era. New York: Rail Editions, 2015. Irving Sandler (2018). Goodbye to Tenth Street. Seattle, WA: Pleasure Boat Studio: A Literary Press, 2018. References External links Irving Sandler papers, ca. 1950-2000. Research Library at the Getty Research Institute. Los Angeles, California. Irving Sandler in conversation with Roberta Smith for the Brooklyn Rail, April 2009. Irving Sandler interview with Phong Bui in front of a live audience for Art International Radio, November 2013. Irving Sandler in conversation with Jerry Saltz for the Brooklyn Rail, September 2008. 1925 births 2018 deaths American art critics American art historians American memoirists United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II Columbia University alumni New York University alumni State University of New York faculty Temple University alumni University of Pennsylvania alumni Military personnel from Philadelphia Writers from Philadelphia Writers from New York City United States Marine Corps officers
Pencil milling is a cleanup toolpath generated by computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) programs to machine internal corners and fillets with smaller radius tools to remove the remaining material that are inaccessible with larger tools used for previous roughing, semi-finishing, and finishing toolpaths. The name comes from the way that a pencil could naturally be drawn along these corners. It is sometimes called a rolling ball toolpath. Often a constant step-over passes are derived from single pencil pass to create parallel pencil passes that are very good for cleaning up corners and fillets where excess material remains from a bigger cutter. Generating pencil toolpaths There are several alternative algorithms for generating pencil passes. The method most commonly published in the academic literature involves creating tool surface offsets of the model surfaces and intersecting them to find the common line where the cutter would be in contact with two surfaces at once. An example of this implementation uses the ZMap method described by Park, et al. The industrial method, used in commercial CAM software, differs substantially and works by detecting double-contact points and linking them up into a chain to form a toolpath. A double-contact point is a pair of cutter locations displaced by a tiny distance horizontally, but with a large difference in height or sudden change in contact point. These positions can be located very precisely by binary subdivision, where a cutter location created between a pair of close cutter locations will almost always be continuous with one or the other side. References Machining Computer-aided engineering
The Anglo-Persian Agreement involved Great Britain and Persia, and centered on the drilling rights of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company. The "agreement" was issued by British Foreign Secretary, Lord Curzon, to the Persian government in August 1919. It was never ratified by the Majlis (Iranian parliament). After the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution, the new Soviet government abandoned the former Russian sphere of influence in the five northern provinces of Iran, branding the concept as "Tsarist Imperialism". Britain was the remaining power in the region and Curzon hoped to make Iran not a protectorate but a client state of Britain and of no other great power. The document gave a guarantee of British access to all Iranian oil fields. In return the British would: Supply munitions and equipment for a British-trained army Provide a 2 million sterling loan for "necessary reforms" Revise the Customs tariff Survey and build railroads. The document was criticized by foreign observers as hegemonic, especially in the United States, which also had designs on accessing Iranian oil fields. Eventually, the Anglo-Persian Agreement was formally denounced by the Majlis on 22 June 1921. See also Anglo-Russian Convention of 1907 Further reading External links Haghshenas, Seyyed Ali, review of Treaty of 1919, between Iran & Britain. (owjnews Agency) 1919 in Iran Treaties of the United Kingdom (1801–1922) Interwar-period treaties Treaties concluded in 1919 Treaties of the Qajar dynasty Anglo-Persian Oil Company Iran–United Kingdom relations Bilateral treaties of the United Kingdom Bilateral treaties of Iran Neocolonialism
ManOpen is a utility for NeXTSTEP and Mac OS X created by Carl Lindberg that can display Unix man pages in a graphical environment instead of a terminal emulator such as Terminal. Man pages are included in the program; it has a Recents menu, where users can view recently-opened man pages, a Section selector to jump to a section of the manual, and a Find function that can search for text in the manual. Included with the application is a command line utility called that will open invoked man pages in ManOpen. Internally ManOpen does not directly view the man page but runs it though Harald Schlangmann's or into HTML or RTF for viewing. In their Mac OS X Version 10.1 Black Book, author Mark R. Bell and system administrator Debrah D. Suggs commented positively on ManOpen usefulness, and described it as "a great utility". References External links ManOpen homepage Utilities for macOS NeXTSTEP software
Rocket Jockey is a Windows video game created by Rocket Science Games and published by SegaSoft in 1996. The game's concept was developed by designer/lead programmer Sean Callahan, paired with an alternate reality 1930s America setting, conceived by VP of development/creative director Bill Davis. The player jets at high speed inside a grassy, enclosed sports arena on a rocket sled that is always in motion and chiefly steered with two grappling-hook guns mounted on its flanks. The rocket can change speeds but always flies about three feet off the ground unless it is engaged in one of the games' frequent and often-comic collisions. The soundtrack features legendary surf rock guitar player Dick Dale. Three different Rollerball-style game modes are available for competition. Although it was well-reviewed by critics, the game was burdened by a general lack of pre-release press coverage, steep hardware requirements, and extensive delays of a patch which added LAN play, which together led to poor sales. As time passed it has suffered a classic example of software rot and compatibility issues have appeared, making it very difficult to install the game on modern systems. Some diehards have created workarounds for this, most notably a custom modified registry key. Gameplay Players control a "sled" (called a cycle in game), which is basically a rocket with small wings for directing the flight and grappling hooks mounted on the sides. These hooks can be fired into pylons, mines, sporting equipment, bodies, and anything else that can be grappled. The grappling hook guns are fixed to shoot out horizontally, 45 degrees to the left and the right of the sled's direction of motion. The player can tap a key to connect the left grapple line to the right one and fly free, leaving a clothesline obstruction for others. Hence, grappling hooks serve a dual purpose: tight turns on stationary objects, and disabling competitors. Sleds also have the ability to receive power-ups, such as repair and speed boost. Grappling hook projectiles and cables are also modifiable. The sleds first available to the player have only minor differences, but sleds unlocked later in the game have major stat advantages, i.e. acceleration, top speed, boost, and maneuverability. Sleds are unlocked by stealing them from opponents. To unlock a sled, the player must knock their opponent off it, jump off their existing sled, climb onto the target sled, and successfully complete the level. Unlocked sleds are not lost when ditched for a newer model. Most of the sleds will also unlock if all of the levels of a certain tier of competition are successfully beaten. The tier that the sled will be unlocked on is generally one or two tiers after the first level the sled was introduced. Most of the end-game sleds cannot be unlocked in this way. While each of the playable characters has a different name and logo, they all perform with the same characteristics. Game modes Rocket War is a deathmatch mode with the player facing computer controlled jockeys. The goal is to eliminate or disable all the opponents. Points are awarded based on how the player eliminates the computer opponents. Basic moves such as a "tripline" or a ram off receives minimal points, whereas more difficult moves, such as the "matchmaker" (joining two riders together with grappling hooks), or "ball and chain" (joining a rider to a mine), award much more points. Points are used to rank a jockey's run through each individual arena. Points are not required to advance to the later rounds, only the elimination of all rivals. Dismounting an opponent and stealing their sled is also an option, both to switch to a working or less damaged sled and to unlock it for use in later levels. Rocket Ball is a twist on polo or soccer/football. Facing an opposing "team" which ranges from one to several independently acting computer opponents, the goal is to score as many points as possible in a set amount of time. Players can steal the ball from opponents, or eliminate them outright, while navigating the field and scoring goals with the sometimes explosive balls. Referees run around the arena after the player on foot. They never mount a sled but will sometimes try to kick jockeys around the field. They can be treated exactly the same as other jockeys. Tether cables connect all jockeys, including the player, to their sleds. In this way, if a jockey falls off of his sled, or are cabled off, they remain attached to their sled by a short cable until a certain amount of time passes. This allows a jockey to land near their rocket, even if they were cabled by an opponent. Shorter cable lengths are also used, which shortens the amount of time a cable may be attached to a jockey or ball to only a few seconds. This generally forces the player to make shots at a net, rather than towing in the ball, as well as making it harder to disable the opponent. The rules of Rocket War still apply in Rocket Ball. Completing a match is dependent on the number of goals the player versus their rivals. Winning on a stolen sled will also unlock it in this mode. Rocket Race is a race on an obstacle course. The course must be done in a certain amount of time, with either the player's sled passing through sets of pylons, or grappling on to certain pylons as they light up. Tethering cables and shortened cable duration on opponents are used, similar to Rocket Ball. Winning on a stolen rocket will unlock it, as in the other two game modes. Development Originally developed for the Sony PlayStation, Rocket Jockey became a PC title because, according to designer/lead programmer Sean Callahan, "hardware limitations and longer lead times forced the switch to PC as the initial platform." A PlayStation version was still slated for release in the months after the PC version appeared, but it was eventually cancelled. Re-Release The title was re-released by Call Your Vegetables and Jordan Freeman Group on August 28, 2023, alongside fellow SegaSoft game, Obsidian (1997 video game). Both products are available on Steam (service) and ZOOM-Platform.com. Remakes Several Rocket Jockey remake attempts have come and gone since the late 1990s. Most have been grass-roots initiatives conceived as modifications of other commercial games. The first such project to see any progress used the original Unreal Tournament game as a foundation. A partial gameplay hack and a handful of themed maps were released. Another ill-fated project appeared in the Quake 3 community shortly thereafter. Nothing was published beyond early development screenshots. In 2005, a Rocket Jockey project was put together modding Unreal Tournament 2003. This effort lost momentum without publishing any results. In October 2006, an effort to build a remake of Rocket Jockey was announced by independent developer. Unlike previous efforts, this project is not proposed as a modification of another game. The developer published several development screenshots early on in development. Then, in March 2008, the first alpha test version of the Solar-Ray remake was released, which allows the player to walk or fly around in a small arena and attach cables to one of two posts but does not include any real game play. In July 2008, Solar-Ray announced that development would be "frozen for an unknown amount of time!", then in January 2009, a SourceForge project was founded. Pre-alpha code is still available for download. Unfortunately the project is officially canceled. A spiritual successor was being developed using the UDK (UNREAL development kit) by Six Shooter Games and called Sprocket Junkie! So far, only a demo for the PC has been released, the Sprocket Junkie website is offline, and no updates on its progress have been posted since May 2012. In February 2018, a remake of Rocket Jockey using Unreal Engine 4 was announced by Burn Ward LLC. On September 18, 2019, Burn Ward announced on their Facebook page that development of the Rocket Jockey remake has been halted due to a lack of funding. In 2019, a free, single dev, remake was made using the Unity Engine, The game has two new maps remade from the old game with new physics and similar style, The game also has support for the original levels and is still being updated. It is available for download in its itch.io page, Technical information Rocket Jockey had very high hardware demands for 1996: at least a 90mhz "Pentium" grade CPU, and recommended 120mhz or higher. Six-person LAN multiplayer was advertised on the original box but was not included with the game. The multiplayer patch promised by inserts in the game's packaging did not appear until several months after the launch and was never included in any retail version. Because of a quirk of the installer supplied with the game, a specific DirectX 3 component (d3dhalf.dll) must be present in the Windows\System directory (on Windows ME and before) in order to complete normal installation. This file can be found in the DirectX directory of the Rocket Jockey CD, has been provided on Rocket Jockey fansites in the past, and can still be found on many general Windows and DirectX troubleshooting sites. The installer also fails to install the game on Windows 2000 and XP systems, requiring either: a complete dump of the CD onto the hard disk, as well as movement of some sound files, and a modified registry key, or a specially made installer made by fans Once installed, Rocket Jockey runs without reported problems under these newer versions of the Windows OS. The custom installer with the LAN patch introduces input lag on Windows 10 which can be averted by using the executable of the original version from the CD. Modifications using a HEX editor can be made to run the game on modern wide screen HD resolutions. Reception Rocket Jockey received generally positive reviews. Critics applauded the inventive gameplay concept, the unique ways in which players could humiliate their opponents, and the music, which Trent Ward called "the best soundtrack to ever bless a video game" in GameSpot. The graphics were generally regarded as not particularly impressive but solid and passable. Critics also found that despite the complex gameplay possible, the controls are simple and reasonable. A reviewer for Next Generation commented that "Rocket Science's Rocket Jockey manages, in one fell swoop, to nearly erase the memory of such Sega CD dog-eggs as Loadstar, Cadillacs and Dinosaurs, and Wingnuts with its surprising mix of style, humor, and fun." Robert Coffey of Computer Gaming World concluded, "There's little not to like about Rocket Jockey. It looks good, it sounds great, and it's certainly the most enjoyable way to sustain a concussion." [emphasis in original] Todd Vaughn of PC Gamer US wrote that "It blends a devil-may-care attitude with the crowd-pleasing violence of gladiatorial combat and the man-and-machine symbiosis of a demolition derby to create an instantly attractive and demanding would-be sport." The one common criticism of the game was the unavailability of multiplayer on release. Critics noted that despite the box art promising LAN multiplayer, the feature was not included in the game, and that despite inserts saying that a patch to fix this problem was available on the SegaSoft website, the linked page only gave further excuses. GameSpot and Next Generation both stated that they would have rated the game higher if the patch were available upon release as promised. According to PC Data, which tracked computer game sales in the United States, sales of Rocket Jockey reached nearly 3,000 copies by the end of February 1997. Erica Smith of CNET Gamecenter described these figures as "grim". Writing for Wired, John Alderman explained that the game and Rocket Science's Obsidian both "failed to generate the sales needed to justify costs", despite a high level of pre-release excitement. As a result, the company could not secure funding from a publisher to develop another game, and was forced to close in April 1997. Rocket Jockey was a finalist for CNET Gamecenter's 1996 "Best Action Game" award, which ultimately went to Quake. The editors wrote, "Rocket Jockey accomplished the impossible: it brought us a completely original gaming experience by breathing new life into two game genres that have been done to death, first-person action and racing combat." References External links Official website via Internet Archive Designer blog "Remembering Rocket Jockey" Rockey Jockey preview at Wired.com from June 1997 1996 video games Cancelled PlayStation (console) games Sega video games Sports video games Video games developed in the United States Windows games Windows-only games Rocket Science Games games Multiplayer and single-player video games
Fixation disparity is a tendency of the eyes to drift in the direction of the heterophoria. While the heterophoria refers to a fusion-free vergence state, the fixation disparity refers to a small misalignment of the visual axes when both eyes are open in an observer with normal fusion and binocular vision. The misalignment may be vertical, horizontal or both. The misalignment (a few minutes of arc) is much smaller than that of strabismus. While strabismus prevents binocular vision, fixation disparity keeps binocular vision, however it may reduce a patient's level of stereopsis. A patient may or may not have fixation disparity and a patient may have a different fixation disparity at distance than near. Observers with a fixation disparity are more likely to report eye strain in demanding visual tasks; therefore, tests of fixation disparity belong to the diagnostic tools used by eye care professionals: remediation includes vision therapy, prism eye glasses, or visual ergonomics at the workplace. Optimal binocular vision In Fig. 1, the blue lines and characters illustrate the situation of optimal binocular vision: the extra-ocular muscles adjust the vergence angle between the two visual axes so that the fixation target X is projected in each eye onto the centre of the fovea, i.e. the location on the retina with the highest spatial resolution. The fixation point is projected in the two eyes onto retinal points that correspond to the same visual direction in space so that single vision is provided. This means that the visual axes intersect at the fixation target X. On the level of the visual cortex there is a perfect spatial overlap, i.e. the binocular disparity is zero and best binocular summation is possible. Such an optimal state occurs only in a minority of observers. Sub-optimal condition of fixation disparity (FD) Most observers have a so-called “normal” binocular vision in the sense that they are able to view stereoscopically, but still many of these observers can have a sub-optimal condition in terms of a fixation disparity (FD). The vergence angle is slightly misadjusted so that the fixation point is projected slightly apart from the centre of the fovea. The visual axes may intersect in front (red lines) of the target plane, or behind (black line); these states of over- or under-convergence are referred to as eso- or exo FD, respectively (see Fig.1). In the visual cortex, a binocular disparity between the two retinal images remains. If this disparity is small enough, sensory and neural mechanisms in binocular neurons still attribute the same visual direction to these slightly disparate images and single vision is provided. This mechanism of sensory fusion with normal retinal correspondence operates within a certain limit of disparity, referred to as Panum’s area. If the disparity is larger, the normal Panum’s fusion mechanism is not sufficient; rather, in order to achieve fusion, a neural remapping of retinal correspondence can occur, which - however - prevents a high quality stereo vision. Thus, in order to achieve single vision, two physiological mechanisms operate hand in hand: 1.) The motor mechanism of the extra-ocular eye muscles adjusts the vergence angle as precisely as possible for the individual, but a small vergence error may remain. 2.) Sensory (neural) mechanisms provide single vision by means of fusion within normal Panum’s area or remapping of retinal correspondence (extended Panum’s areas). Methods for measuring fixation disparity The methods can be explained based on the study of Hofmann and Bielschowsky in 1900, who applied a modified Maddox wing: the right eye is presented with a horizontal scale and the left eye with an arrow. The observer perceives that the arrow points onto one of the numbers on the scale which indicates a possible vergence mis-adjustment. The Maddox wing, however, does not test binocular vision since no fusion target is present. For testing the state of binocular vision, Hofmann and Bielschowsky included an additional fusion stimulus to the two eyes and still found a perceived offset of scale and arrow; they referred to this offset as “Disparitätsrest” (in German), which means “residual disparity”. Later, Ogle coined the term "fixation disparity". More generally, this traditional vergence test is a subjective test in the sense that the observer reports his/her perception of the relative position of two test targets that are presented separately to the two eyes, i.e. dichoptic targets. This test relies on the assumption that retinal points are associated with visual directions in space. If physically aligned dichoptic targets appear subjectively aligned, they are projected onto corresponding retinal points and the visual axes intersect at the test target; thus, the vergence angle agrees with the viewing distance. In case of a deviating vergence state, the dichoptic targets need to have a certain physical horizontal offset in order to be perceived in line. These subjective measures agree with objective recordings with eye trackers, if no fusion stimulus is involved. For measuring subjective fixation disparity, researchers as Ogle, Sheedy and Saladin, Mallett, Wesson constructed test instrumentation including fusion targets and dichoptic targets using cross-polarized filters in front of the eyes; some of these devices are commercially available. If the dichoptic targets are presented to the observer in physical alignment, the angular amount (in the unit minutes of arc) of subjective fixation disparity is indicated by the perceived misalignment of the two dichoptic targets. This can be compensated by the patient's individual amount of a prism eye glass (in the unit prism dioptre) so that the patient perceives alignment. The latter prism needed to reduce the fixation disparity to zero is referred to as aligning prism (earlier called associated phoria). Instrumentations as the Disparometer, the Mallett-unit, or the Wesson Card differ in the type of fusion target: some use small central fixation letters, others use more peripheral fusion targets. The instruments can be swung through 90° to measure any vertical fixation disparity. The test devices can also be used to detect suppression. The above studies of subjective fixation disparity assumed - partly implicitly - that the dichoptic targets would indicate the vergence misalignment of the visual axes muscles, i.e. the vergence error, as it can be measured with eye tracking methods. This seemed to be justified by the first objective recording of fixation disparity made in 1960 by Hebbard with an eye tracking method based on small mirrors fixed onto contact lenses: he found agreement between the two measures (in the one observer tested). However, subsequent studies found that the objective recordings with eye trackers can differ substantially from the subjective test results with dichoptic targets: with central fusion targets and closely adjacent dichoptic targets, the subjective measure can be about 10 times smaller than the objective measure. When the dichoptic targets are gradually shifted by some degree away from the fusion target, then the two measures become more and more similar. This was interpreted as a change in retinal correspondence in the sense that the visual direction associated with the dichoptic targets is modified in the vicinity of the fusion target. Definition of objective and subjective fixation disparity Given the discrepancy between objective measures with eye trackers and subjective measures with dichoptic targets, different definitions should be applied (see Fig. 2): · Objective fixation disparity (oFD) is defined as the oculomotor vergence error that can only be measured with eye trackers, i.e. oFD = V – V0 . This is the difference between the vergence angle in binocular vision (V, red line in Fig. 2a) and the optimal vergence state when a target is projected in each eye onto the center of the foveola (V0=2 arc tan ((pd)/2)/D), blue line in Fig. 2a). V0 is estimated from the monocular calibration of the eye tracker, i.e. the left eye is covered when the right eye calibration is made and vice versa; this procedure assumes that in monocular vision a target is projected onto the centre of the foveola. · Subjective fixation disparity (sFD) is defined as the angular amount of the offset between dichoptic targets that need to be adjusted to a certain offset d so that the observer perceives the dichoptic targets in alignment (see the pair of nonius lines in Fig. 2b). Note that this definition of sFD = arctan (d/D) does not refer to the current vergence angle. The resulting subjective fixation disparity may depend on the spatial arrangement of dichoptic targets and fusion targets. The discrepancy between oFD and sFD is shown in Fig. 2 in that the disparity ∆ between the two visual axes is typically larger than angular amount of the nonius offset d. Physiological properties of both types of fixation disparity A fixation disparity is not constant within a certain observer, but can vary depending on the viewing conditions. If test prisms with increasing amount are placed in front of the observer’s eyes, the fixation disparity changes in the eso direction with base-in prisms and in the exo direction with base-out prisms (Fig. 3). These prisms force the eyes to change the vergence angle while the viewing distance remains unchanged. Prism-induced fixation disparity curves (prism FD-curves) can be characterized by the following parameters: the y-intercept refers to the naturally occurring fixation disparity without a prism (FD0) the x-intercept gives the amount of a prism (P0) that compensates a naturally occurring fixation disparity. This x-intercept is also referred to as aligning prism or – in earlier times – as associated phoria when the subjective nonius method was used (sP0) the slope of the curve near zero prism load These prism FD-curves have widely been used for subjective fixation disparity and the clinical implications are described below. Only more recently, subjective and objective prism FD-curves have been measured simultaneously: In principle both measures have a similar form of these curves, but they can differ quantitatively; typically, oFD is much larger than sFD. A comparison of subjective versus objective measures revealed a significant correlation (about r = 0.5 – 0.7) for the y-intercept (sFD0 versus oFD0), but not for the slope. In natural vision without prisms, the vergence state varies as a function of the viewing distance of the target: the subjective fixation disparity may shift towards more exo states from far-vision to near-vision. The effect of proximity is different for objective and subjective fixation disparity. During reading of text material, the objective fixation disparity can be measured with eye trackers in the moments of fixation. This reading fixation disparity has the following properties: Fusion is maintained despite a fixation disparity during a reading fixation The reading fixation disparity reaches a minimum at a certain moment in time during the fixation The reading fixation disparity shifts to more eso conditions in the course of reading a line from left to right Blurring the text makes the reading fixation disparity more exo The reading fixation disparity is smaller when the text characters have a more pronounced periodic spatial structure Clinical diagnostic criteria Fixation disparity can differ considerably between observers with normal binocular vision. The following conditions of subjective fixation disparity tend to be more prevalent in observers with eye strain. Near-vision subjective fixation disparity (sFD0) tends to be larger in the exo direction and the aligning prisms (sP0) tends to be more base-in, suggesting that the eyes tend to under-converge. Most of these studies used the Mallett-unit, which consists of a small central fixation letter X surrounded by two letters O, one on each side of X. The prism FD-curve (measured subjectively in near vision) tends to have a steeper slope (see Fig. 3b), meaning that the binocular system is not able to reach a small fixation disparity when vergence is forced by prisms in the base-in and base-out direction. This evidence came predominantly from studies with the Disparometer, an instrument that allows presenting dichoptic nonius lines with different amounts of offset to find a particular physical offset that leads to perceived alignment. These nonius lines are presented within a circular contour of 1.5 deg diameter that is viewed binocularly. The proximity FD-curve (measured subjectively as a function of viewing distance) tends to be steeper, meaning that the binocular system is not able to keep the fixation disparity small, if a target is shifted closer in the range of about 100 to 20 cm. This evidence came from studies using a computer-controlled test stimulus including a central fusion stimulus. All the above measures in studies of eye strain refer to the subjective fixation disparity, because the procedure with dichoptic targets is technically easy and therefore can conveniently be applied in the clinical setting with some commercial test devices. Some of the cited studies found, that measures of subjective fixation disparity are a better diagnostic criterion for eye strain than the heterophoria, i.e. the vergence state without a fusion stimulus. The technically more complex eye tracking technology for measuring objective fixation disparity has not yet been investigated in relation to eye strain. Remediation of fixation disparity in observers with eye strain Given that an observer has a certain fixation disparity and suffers from eye strain, one may consider some of the following ways of remediation. Eye glasses with an included prism power is the optical method to reduce a fixation disparity. Different procedures have been proposed to determine the required amount of prism for the individual. Based on prism-FD curves (Fig. 3b), one can find the aligning prism sP0 that nullifies the naturally prevailing fixation disparity sFD0. This test procedure is typically made in near vision of 40 cm, e.g. with the Mallett-unit, the Disparometer, or the Wesson card (see above). Experimental evidence for the effectiveness of the aligning prism came from a study of reading speed and corresponding preferences of prism eye glasses. A different approach was suggested by H.-J. Haase who proposed a set of dichoptic target tests with both central and more peripheral fusion targets and additional stereo tests that were predominantly used in far vision. Such prisms alleviated eye strain and remained stable over time. The usefulness of prism eye glasses has been criticized since the initial fixation disparity may reappear again after some time due to the adaptability of the vergence system. One may consider, however, that vergence tends to be less adaptive in observers with eye strain so that in these observers the prisms may permanently reduce a naturally prevailing fixation disparity. Visual ergonomics of a computer workstation may take into account the individual proximity FD-curve: individuals with a larger exo fixation disparity at near may prefer a longer viewing distance where the fixation disparity is smaller. Visual vergence training (also referred to as orthoptic exercises or vision therapy) aims to improve the physiological condition of binocular vision with eye movement exercises, including e.g. frequent dynamic vergence changes between near and far vision. The effectiveness has been confirmed both in terms of alleviation of visual symptoms and in better physiological conditions, e.g. the prism-FD curves became more flat. The physiological effect of visual vergence training has also been confirmed for other vergence functions. See also Diplopia Eye examination Heterophoria Ocular dominance Vision therapy Binocular vision Vergence Eye Tracking References Optometry Eye diseases
Wolf Frameworks is a web application designing and development platform as a service based in India and United States and represented via partners worldwide. Founded in 2006, the cloud computing Infrastructure offered by the company enables users to design & deliver cross platform SaaS applications without writing technical code. Product WOLF is 100% AJAX, XML and .NET based and enables building of mashable and interoperable web applications by using a browser, an internet connection and the knowledge of modelling business. Features A technical code free designing environment for creating & delivering SaaS type business applications on the Internet Built using a late bound SOA architecture which uses XML framework Prevents cloud lock-in by allowing users to save their application data in their own preferred database server Provides the ability to view & extract the Business Design (Intellectual Property) of your software application in XML. Import, Export or filter data from Word, Excel, Project Management or CSV files Accessed over a 128-bit secured SSL connection and hosted in a highly secured data center Benefits Multi-tenant SOA Requires no coding & less technical skills Built-in actions to integrate with external software systems Standards oriented web service technology Save data in a private database server & extract Application Design in XML Requires no up-front capital expenses and minimizes operational cost References Web applications Privately held companies of India Cloud computing providers Cloud platforms
An adversary is generally considered to be a person, group, or force that opposes and/or attacks. Adversary may also refer to: Satan ("adversary" in Hebrew), in Judeo-Christian religion Entertainment Fiction Adversary (comics), villain from the Marvel comics universe The mysterious antagonist who invaded the homelands in the comic book series Fables Music Ad·ver·sary, Canadian industrial musician Law Adversarial system, a system of law commonly used in common-law countries Adversary proceeding, proceeding used in bankruptcy processes Science Adversarial collaboration, a scientific experiment Computer science Adversary (cryptography), a malicious entity in cryptography whose aim is to prevent the users of the cryptosystem from achieving their goal Adversary model, in online algorithms, used to show competitiveness of randomized algorithms Other Adversarial purchasing, in business strategic management See also The Adversary (disambiguation) Opposition (disambiguation) Enemy
Bountysource is a crowdsourcing website for open source bounties and since 2012 also for crowdfunding. Users (called "backers") can pledge money for tasks using micropayment services that open source software developers can pick up and solve to earn the money. It also allows large-scale fundraising for big improvements on the project. It integrates with GitHub using its bug tracker to check if the problem is resolved and connect the resolution with GitHub's pull request system to identify the patch. When the users agree that they are satisfied and the project maintainer merged the proposed changes to the source-code, Bountysource will transfer the money acting as a trustee during the whole process. History Bountysource was started in the 2000s and by May 8, 2006, had integrated a new custom-built Subversion browser into the system. On May 11, 2006, Bountysource released their Subversion browser, titled bsSvnBrowser, under the GNU General Public License. The initial idea was to open-source more portions of Bountysource as time went on and the code matured to be a true Open Source alternative to the proprietary SourceForge.net. The website was originally written in PHP, but as of March 18, 2006, it switched to Ruby on Rails. Development on Bountysource was stopped in March 2008. It relaunched as a service using the GitHub-API in 2012 to focus on being a trustee for software development bounties that are collected through PayPal, Bitcoin, and other methods. In 2017, the company was bought by a cryptocurrency company called CanYa. In 2020 it was bought by a company named The Blockchain Group, which became the owner on July 1. As of June 2023, Bountysource appears to have stopped paying bounties to developers with verified claims. The Blockchain Group also appears to have stopped responding to Bountysource users. See also Kickstarter Comparison of crowd funding services Business models for open-source software References External links Crowdfunding platforms of the United States Free software websites
Jedit X is a commercial text editor made in Japan by Artman21. It is a complete re-write of Jedit 4.0 in the Cocoa API. Jedit has been around since 1995 and is a general purpose text editor, with extra features related to supporting the Japanese language. It is available in both English and Japanese localizations. External links Jedit X official site MacOS-only proprietary software MacOS text editors MacOS word processors
BTRON (Business TRON) is one of the subprojects of the TRON Project proposed by Ken Sakamura, which is responsible for the business phase. It refers to the operating systems (OS), keyboards, peripheral interface specifications, and other items related to personal computers (PCs) that were developed there. Originally, it refers to specifications rather than specific products, but in reality, the term "BTRON" is often used to refer to implementations. Currently, Personal Media Corporation's B-right/V is an implementation of BTRON3, and a software product called "" that includes it has been released. Specifications As with other TRON systems, only the specification of BTRON has been formulated, and the implementation method is not specified. Implementation is mentioned in this section to the extent necessary to explain the specification, but please refer to the Implementation section for details. BTRON1, BTRON2, BTRON3 The BTRON project began with Matsushita Electric Industrial and Personal Media prototyping "BTRON286," an implementation on a 16-bit CPU 286 for the CEC machine described below. BTRON1 specifications include the BTRON1 Programming Standard Handbook, which describes the OS API, and the BTRON1 Specification Software Specification. which describes the OS API. BTRON2 is planned to be implemented on , and only the specification has been created and published. It is planned to be implemented on evaluation machines equipped with TRON chips made by Fujitsu and named "2B". One of its features is that all OS-managed computing resources such as memory, processes, and threads are handled in a real/pseudomorphic model, a feature of BTRON. SIGBTRON's TRON chip machine MCUBE implemented "3B," which is 32-bit and uses an ITRON-specification RTOS (modified from "ItIs") for the microkernel. 3B and The B-right specification used in , etc. is "BTRON3" (currently, the microkernel is I-right); the specification that B-right/V conforms to is published as the BTRON3 specification. μBTRON This is a BTRON subset that was envisioned as a popular version. With the performance of computer hardware at the time of its conception, a computer that can implement the ideal BTRON would be a workstation-class computer, so it is also positioned as BTRON for general households. BTRON is a subset of a dedicated machine with fixed applications (like a dedicated machine word processor), and is based on the concept of a "dedicated communication machine. Specific applications include "communication with oneself (creative activities)", "communication with others (Internet communication)", and "communication with machines" (e.g. data exchange with peripheral devices, such as digital cameras). Linkage with the last peripheral device was envisioned as the key to adding functions to a dedicated machine to which no additional programs could be added. This peripheral device was called "electronic stationery". For communication with these peripherals, a prototype of the real-time "μBTRON bus" (see below) was developed. Note that , a BTRON-equipped PDA realized later, was given the name "electronic stationery" and also called μBTRON, but it was not subsumed to become a dedicated machine and did not implement the μBTRON bus. Hardware TRON keyboard Although it does not bear the BTRON moniker, the TRON keyboard is intended for use with BTRON. μBTRON bus The basic specification is based on IEEE 802.5 with modifications. A real-time bus specification for LANs that can be considered as an alternative to MIDI. Other references in this section: Features TAD For data handled by BTRON, a basic format for exchange called TAD (Tron Application Databus) has been defined, and basic data can be freely exchanged between arbitrary applications, advocating Databus. Standards have been established for text (including word-processing modifications) and graphics (both raster and vector), and for the rest, a header indicating the length of the chunks is common at the beginning, so that applications can skip over unsupported data if they find it. Data chunks are referred to as segments in the BTRON specification, etc. In addition, since the TRON chip was big-endian, TAD was also designed in big-endian, but when BTRON286 was implemented, a quasi-TAD that was modified to little-endian was defined, and the current widely used implementations are all in that format, including the one on MCUBE that uses the TRON chip. Image (raster) data is defined in the direction of adapting to any hardware scheme, including palette and direct specification, packed pixels and planes, and so on. Both are solid, uncompressed. For compression, only the MH (facsimile#1D encoding (MH)) method for black and white images was defined. There are working implementations of moving images, but there is no description of any time axis within the published TAD specification. In actual applications, there are some that store their own data as TAD segments according to TAD policy, but there are also some that read and write records directly instead of using TAD. Real body/pseudo body BTRON adopts a network-type model with an arbitrary directed graph structure called a real/pseudomorphic model as a file management model, instead of the conventional tree structure model with directories (folders). BTRON2 also manages all computer resources in a real/pseudo model. As for the functions provided to users, the real/pseudomodel of BTRON (BTRON1 and BTRON3, which are widely used implementations) is a convenient hypertext environment. In the past, files and folders were used to distinguish between entities that contain data and indexes that point to them, but BTRON has done away with such distinction. In the body/pseudo-body model, the entire body of data is defined as a Real Object, and the part of the Real Object that points to another Real Object is defined as a Virtual Object. A real body is like a file in the sense that it holds data, but it is also like a folder in the sense that it has the ability to point to another real body by the temporary body it contains as its contents. While almost all current UNIX do not allow the creation of alias hard links that point to directories, BTRON's real/pseudo links are like hard links that can freely create arbitrary links including such links. In Unix, a link to the parent indicated by "..." is used. In Unix, the fact that there is only one link to the parent indicated by "..." is a problem, but this is not a problem in BTRON because it has abandoned tree-like management in the first place. Confirmation that the real body is no longer referenced by deleting a link is done by the reference count method, as in the Unix file system, but since arbitrary structures are allowed, as is well known as a weakness of the reference-counting method, loops can cause the file system to occupy disk space even though it cannot be reached from anywhere. Currently, a function is implemented to check for such entities by disconnecting the file system or (in the case of system disks) booting the system in a special state and performing a check similar to fsck as well as the so-called stop-the-world method of garbage collection. In addition, most of the previous versions of the software Also, unlike most previous file systems, the name ("real name") is basically not used for identification (as an ID) on the system side, so the user can give a name freely (currently there is a length limit for implementation reasons). Currently, BTMemo for Windows is available as software that reproduces the feeling of using BTRON. The existing implementations of BTRON3 and BTRON1 realize the above functions on a file system with multi-record functions: one file corresponds to one entity, has a record containing the data body, and also has a "link record" that points to a file corresponding to the entity to which the temporary body contained by the entity points. In addition, there is a "link record" that points to the file corresponding to the real body to which the temporary body that the real body contains points. Because of this design, the real body data by TAD itself is not affected by the way links are represented in the underlying system. Problems One of the problems currently occurring is that only a maximum of 64Ki files can be placed on a single volume (such as a hard disk partition) due to the implementation of the file system inherited from BTRON286, and the number of real bodies is limited accordingly. It has been pointed out that the number of real bodies is limited accordingly. The current release of Cho-Kanji V has the same limitation. This is because the file ID is a fixed-length integer of 16 bits, and it is difficult to extend it while maintaining binary compatibility with the current system. Therefore, a redesign and implementation is needed to extend this real body constraint. Real-time operation The BTRON-specification OS is a real-time OS, capable of stably processing tasks that require real-time processing, such as video and audio. BTRON3 uses ITRON as a microkernel, and although care must be taken to avoid memory page-out, real-time processing is possible. In Windows, the graphics card driver is tuned by the manufacturer, while in BTRON there is no such graphics acceleration, etc., so screen rewriting can feel slow. BTRON has short boot time, though it stems from its limited number of daemons and supported devices, which makes it less of an advantage compared to other operating systems. HMI Not only BTRON, but the TRON project has also standardized the human-machine interface and published it as the TRON Human Interface Standard Handbook, and BTRON's user interface is designed in accordance with this. Direct Operation In BTRON, basically everything on the screen can be operated with a pointing device such as a mouse or electronic pen. To make it easy even for users who are not familiar with computers, not only can the size of the window be changed, but also the selection text and graphics can be dragged and dropped directly onto drag and drop (commonly called "grab-and-poi") to move or copy. Application launching is basically done by double-clicking or otherwise launching a temporary body that represents the actual body of a document, etc. This is the same operation as selecting an application based on meta-information such as file type and creator in Mac OS and extension linking in Windows, but BTRON In BTRON, there is basically no other way to start an application. For example, when transcribing a new text, an application is first launched without specifying the editing target, whereas in BTRON, a template of the real body is registered along with the application, and work is started by duplicating the real body. To be more specific, open a special window called "Gather Source Papers", and from there drag a pseudo-form called "Manuscript Paper" for editing text, and drop it into the desired window. (Normally, this operation is to move the pseudostat, but due to the peculiarities of the "Paper Gathering" application, the real body of the new document is duplicated and a pseudostat is created that points to the real body. Operations common in other operating systems, such as starting an application first and then creating a new document or loading an existing document, are not possible with BTRON. Some people find it easy to understand because it matches real-world actions such as "preparing a new paper or an existing document before writing," while others find it difficult to understand unlike other OSs. The style of selecting the subject of the operation first and then instructing the operation on it is similar to the Xerox Star or the Smalltalk system, which was more object-oriented. Enableware TRON, which we call enableware, has also focused on universal design since the beginning of the project. The BTRON-specification OS allows users with various disabilities to freely change the typeface and size of menu items and actual names, the size of the mouse pointer, the size and display method of the temporary body, and the width of the window scroll bar. The design of the mouse pointer, for example, is not to be changed except in special cases, to achieve a consistent feel. To avoid confusion even when using an application for the first time, the order of menus has been standardized. Design guidelines that take into account the use of multiple languages have also been established. The above functions are also implemented in commercial TRON specification OS. TRON code BTRON (like OS/omicron, etc.) was designed on the premise of representing characters in 16 bits. The character code for TAD, the data format, is , which switches between multiple 16-bit planes by escaping 0xfe**, allowing the space to be expanded arbitrarily. The current implementation uses 32 bits as the internal code. Implementation Shown in order of oldest to newest. First, Matsushita Electric Industrial and Personal Media produced a prototype of BTRON286, an implementation on a 16-bit CPU 286, assuming the CEC machine described below. The specification for this is BTRON1 (also known as BTRON/286 in the early days). Implementations based on this include "ET Master" in Matsushita Communication Industry's "PanaCAL ET", "1B/Note" in the Panacom M series sold by Personal Media, and "1B" in the "1B/V" series for PC/AT compatible machines. For BTRON2, a specification was prepared, and its implementation on GENESYS, an evaluation machine equipped with Fujitsu's TRON chip F32/300, was planned. An implementation by Personal Media, named "2B". MCUBE, a TRON chip machine produced by SIGBTRON, implemented "3B", which was 32-bit and used an ITRON-specification OS (ItIs) for its microkernel; implementations based on 3B included "B-rights" such as the (V810), PC/ The specification that B-right/V conforms to is published as the BTRON3 specification. Products that include B-right/V " is sold to the general public and is easy to obtain. Although it is not called BTRON, T-Shell, a middleware for T-Kernel, provides the same functions as some of the outer shell of Cho-Kanji. History In this section, all other descriptions not otherwise mentioned are from the "History" of the TRON Association website, referenced in the web archive,. Start of the BTRON sub-project The earliest records include the reference to "B-TRON" in "TRON Project" in the Proceedings of the International Conference on Microcomputer Applications '84 (1984), and "TRON Total Architecture" in "TRON Total Architecture," and "Proposal of a Unified Operation Model for BTRON" in "Information Processing" Vol. 26 No. 11 (1985/Nov, 25th Anniversary Special Issue). In 1986, the BTRON Project was fully launched as a sub-project of the TRON Project, and the BTRON Technical Committee was established in the TRON Association. The initial concept was summarized in an article in IEEE Micro's special issue on TRON (Vol. 7, No. 2 (1987/Apr)), and can be read in "TRON Introduction," a translation of the same issue. The June 1988 issue of TRON Review contains several screen shots and a report on BTRON286 by Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. In December 1988, the TRON Association released an outline of the "BTRON/286" specification, and the following year, in March 1989, Matsushita Electric completed a practical level machine that was designated as the "Educational PC Specification Standard Concept," which was intended for educational use as described in the next section. Introduction plan for educational PCs Based on the "Second Report on Educational Reform" issued by the Rinkyoin Council in April 1986, the Computer Education Development Center (CEC) was established in July of the same year under the joint jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of International Trade and Industry. The CEC established the Educational Software Library in April 1987, and held a symposium in July 1987. In August of the same year, CEC called for prototypes of educational personal computers under the title of "CEC Concept Model '87", and the prototypes gathered in response to the call were exhibited to the public in July of the following year, showing a willingness to show the direction of educational personal computers. In March 1989, CEC made the decision to use TRON for personal computers to be installed in schools. This seemed to be a stepping stone to the spread of (B)TRON, but it became the subject of a complaint in the trade issue described in the next section. The keyboard and key layout of the "educational PC" presented at this time was not based on the TRON keyboard, but on the New JIS layout. It is not unheard of to use a product that does not have a large market share for educational use, such as the Acorn Computer in the UK. Trade Issues In 1989, a report by the Office of the United States Trade Representative cited TRON as a trade barrier in Japan. The details are as follows: "1989 National Trade Estimate Report on Foreign Trade Barriers" ("Report on Foreign Trade Barriers" ( 1989)) issued by the USTR on April 12, 1989. Other Barriers" in the report on Japan's trade barriers in "1989 National Trade Estimate Report on Foreign Trade Barriers" ("Report on Foreign Trade Barriers" () 1989 edition), in Section 7 "7. In Section 7 "7. OTHER BARRIERS", TRON was one of those listed with subsections such as "Large-scale Retail Stores Act". The naming of specific systems is bizarre compared to the others, which basically list fields. The report points out that several US companies are also members of the TRON Association, but no US company is in a position to sell TRON-based PCs or communication devices, and that the Japanese government's support for TRON could give Japanese manufacturers an advantage, especially in the education sector (referring to the aforementioned CEC) and communication sector (referring to NTT's adoption of CTRON), which is already happening. Furthermore, he points out that in the education field, TRON has enabled the emergence of US OS (specifically MS-DOS, OS/2, UNIX is being excluded from the huge new market, and that in the long run TRON could affect the entire market of electronics in Japan. The last paragraph of the report states that already on September 9, 1988 (and later), the U.S. had informed Japan of its interest in these matters, and that in March 1989 negotiations were underway to provide detailed specifications for NTT's requirements, and that further information on TRON was being investigated through the Japanese government. The report concludes. The TRON Association protested in writing to the USTR representative in May, and TRON was removed. However, in June of the same year, the mass media reported "abandonment of BTRON adoption for educational PCs". For example, "Nikkei Computer" reported "BTRON-based educational PCs: Standardization virtually impossible". Although there were twists and turns, in the end, the introduction of BTRON proposed by CEC was not implemented, and what was introduced to school education was MS-DOS machines, including the PC-9801. This led to a period of stagnation for the TRON project, especially the BTRON project, with some labeling it as a "failure. The background to this uproar is that in the 1990s, NEC had the majority share of the PC market, and at the time of the CEC selection in 1988, it was opposed by a coalition of all other companies, led by Matsushita, which also included IBM, "For example, note 25 of "TRON Today" in Shozaburo Nakamura's Dennou Mandara (1995 edition) says, "At the time, the anti-TRON forces were NEC and Microsoft, which had already established themselves. It is a well-known fact that NEC and Microsoft had already established their positions. In addition to the long-standing Japan-US trade friction, there was also the Japan-US high-tech friction of the 1980s, Japan bashing, the Nippon K.K. theory, the IBM industrial espionage case, and the cover illustration of the September 1983 issue of CACM, was still fresh in our minds, and TRON itself was still in its infancy. IEEE Micro ran a special issue on TRON (April 1987, for example), and there were factors that would have made TRON stand out in the US. According to Eiji Oshita's "Masayoshi Son: The Young Lion of Entrepreneurship," Masayoshi Son, who had been working hard for some time to create an industry structure that would make his own business, software distribution, profitable, was agitated that TRON would cause Japanese industry to fall behind global standards and be left behind by the rest of the world. Masayoshi Son, who had been working hard to set up the industry so that it could profit from TRON, was about to "lay the rails for the destruction of TRON" with Yuji Tanahashi (then Director General of the Machinery and Information Industry Bureau) and Ryozo Hayashi (then Director of the Information Processing Promotion Division), who were introduced by Akio Morita. The Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) stopped the introduction of TRON into schools,. The book's headline reads "Stopping the spread of TRON at the water's edge". There was an unusual display of opinion on the part of the TRON project on this matter. In the 60th issue of TRONWARE magazine edited and published by Personal Media Corporation (December 1999), p. 71, an article titled "People who blocked the TRON project" signed by the editorial staff introduced the aforementioned biography as someone who published a book "boasting of his achievements" (in blocking TRON). The article introduced Sun's opposition to the MSX and his apparent support for UNIX. Sakamura's testimony about the conference where Sun, Kazuhiko Nishi, and Sakamura got together was that it was supposed to be a conference for Unix engineers, and that he and Nishi talked about technology, but Sun talked about business and seemed to be out of place. But overall, the article sums up the situation as "Is it right to destroy the seeds of original technology? In December 1988, Softbank (then Softbank Japan Corp.) Publishing Department (now Softbank Creative) published a book titled "The Tron Revolution" (ISBN 4-89052-037-6). PanaCAL ET In preparation for the inclusion of "information" in the optional content of junior high school technology courses from 1993, the Ministry of Education started the "Educational Computer Assistance Program" in 1990. In conjunction with this, released the PanaCAL ET, an educational personal computer equipped with the BTRON286-based OS "ET Master" as a BTRON machine. The hardware was based on the Panacom M, with enhanced 24-dot font ROM and other features for educational use. However, most of the machines introduced to schools at this time were PC-9800 series, probably because they could inherit BASIC programs and data from word processing software, which had already been created in large numbers by enterprising teachers. 90s onwards (Stub) The addition of this section is desired. December 1989 BTRON1 software specification released. December 1989 Development of a reservation system using BTRON by Japan Airlines 1990 releases PanaCAL ET equipped with BTRON1 specification (based on BTRON286) "ET Master 1991 Release of 1B/Note 1994 Release of 1B/V1, a general-purpose PC/AT compatible machine 1995 Release of 1B/V2 1996 Release of 1996 Release of 1B/V3 1998 Release of B-right/V 1999 Release of Cho-Kanji (B-right/V R2) 2000 Release of Cho-Kanji 2 (B-right/V R2.5) 2000 Release of GT typeface 2001 Release of Cho-Kanji 3 (B-right/V R3) 2001 T-Engine and T-Kernel released 2001 Release of Cho-Kanji 4 (B-right/V R4) 2006 Cho-Kanji V (B-right/V R4.5) Footnotes External links The TRON Association Cho-Kanji Website Personal Media Corporation BTRON Club Sakamura and Koshizuka Laboratory Kaoru Misaki(Hatena Keyword) Nortia Order(Web Archive) Unofficial TAD Guide Book(Complete explanation of all segments of TAD)( Web Archive) Open Gallery:1B/V3 Environment External sources Linux Insider, "The Most Popular Operating System in the World", October 15, 2003. Retrieved July 13, 2006. BTRON Introduction TRON project History of software Window-based operating systems X86 operating systems 1984 software Computer-related introductions in 1984 Computing platforms Operating system families
java.net was a Java technology related community website. It also offered a web-based source code repository for Java projects. It was shut down in April 2017. History java.net was announced by Sun Microsystems during JavaOne 2003. In January 2010, Oracle announced that it will migrate java.net portal to Project Kenai codebase, encouraging users to move their Kenai projects to java.net. In June 2016, Oracle announced that "the Java.net and Kenai.com forges will be going dark on April 28, 2017." Javapedia The Javapedia project was launched in June 2003 during the JavaOne developer conference. It is part of java.net. The project aims at creating an online encyclopedia covering all aspects of the Java platform. The Javapedia project is openly inspired by Wikipedia. The prominent differences between Wikipedia and Javapedia include feature restrictions (for example, editing is open to registered users only), software used (TWiki), links (camelCase is used), and content licensing (Creative Commons 1.0 Attribution license). See also Comparison of source code hosting facilities Notes External links java.net Javapedia Free software websites Wiki communities Java platform Computing websites
Philip Vischjager (born 27 October 1958, Rotterdam) is a Dutch backgammon player. Although he began playing backgammon in 1975, he started training more intensively using computer software in 2001. At the same time, he became a regular participant in Dutch backgammon competitions at the highest national levels. In the period 2001-2005, he won the Dutch Open and the Amsterdam Open twice, and reached the Dutch Open finals three times. In 2006 Vischjager won the 31st World Championship Backgammon held in Monte Carlo. Vischjager is a real estate investor and lives in Amsterdam. References 1958 births Living people Dutch backgammon players Sportspeople from Rotterdam Sportspeople from Amstelveen
The Yamartino method is an algorithm for calculating an approximation of the circular variance of wind direction during a single pass through the incoming data. Background The simple method for calculating circular variance requires two passes through the list of values. The first pass determines the circular mean of those values, while the second pass determines the variance. This double-pass method requires access to all values. There is also a single-pass method for calculating the standard deviation, but this method is unsuitable for angular data such as wind direction. Trying to calculate angular moments by naively applying the standard formulas to angular expressions yields absurd results. For example, a dataset that measures wind speeds of 1° and 359° would average to 180°, but expressing the same data as 1° and -1° (equal to 359°) would give an average of 0°. Thus, we define circular moments by placing all measured angles on a unit circle, then calculating the moments of these points. The Yamartino method, introduced by Robert J. Yamartino in 1984, solves both problems A further discussion of the Yamartino method, along with other methods of estimating the standard deviation of wind direction can be found in Farrugia & Micallef. It is possible to calculate the exact standard deviation in one pass. However, that method needs slightly more calculation effort. Algorithm Over the time interval to be averaged across, n measurements of wind direction (θ) will be made and two totals are accumulated without storage of the n individual values. At the end of the interval the calculations are as follows: with the average values of sin θ and cos θ defined as Then the average wind direction is given via the four-quadrant arctan(x,y) function as From twenty different functions for σθ using variables obtained in a single-pass of the wind direction data, Yamartino found the best function to be where The key here is to remember that sin2θ + cos2θ = 1 so that for example, with a constant wind direction at any value of θ, the value of will be zero, leading to a zero value for the standard deviation. The use of alone produces a result close to that produced with a double-pass when the dispersion of angles is small (not crossing the discontinuity), but by construction it is always between 0 and 1. Taking the arcsine then produces the double-pass answer when there are just two equally common angles: in the extreme case of an oscillating wind blowing backwards and forwards, it produces a result of radians, i.e. a right angle. The final factor adjusts this figure upwards so that it produces the double-pass result of radians for an almost uniform distribution of angles across all directions, while making minimal change to results for small dispersions. The theoretical maximum error against the correct double-pass σθ is therefore about 15% with an oscillating wind. Comparisons against Monte Carlo generated cases indicate that Yamartino's algorithm is within 2% for more realistic distributions. A variant might be to weight each wind direction observation by the wind speed at that time. See also Algorithms for calculating variance Circular dispersion References Further reading Statistical algorithms Boundary layer meteorology Atmospheric dispersion modeling Directional statistics
The Windows Installer CleanUp Utility (MSICU.exe, MSICUU.exe, MSICUU2.exe) was a software utility for the Microsoft Windows operating system designed to solve uninstallation problems of programs that use the Windows Installer technology. It looks up registry references and files related to Windows Installer that were installed by various programs, and forcibly wipes invalid entries out. It works in all 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Microsoft Windows. Microsoft first released the utility in 1999 to help Windows-based computers clean up installed programs that would either refuse or pretend not to remove themselves from the "add/remove programs" feature in Microsoft Windows. The utility only changes registry values and files associated with Windows Installer and does not remove any files associated with installed programs. Only users who have logged in as system administrators may run the utility. For developers who have problems with the Windows Installer automatically repairing their own installations on developer machines (when the developer has manually updated some of the binaries), this utility is ideal to remove the Windows Installer information whilst leaving the actual installation intact. Microsoft retired the Windows Installer CleanUp utility on June 25, 2010, due to conflicts with Microsoft Office 2007. A Program Install and Uninstall Troubleshooter for Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 was instead made available. References External links Windows components Utilities for Windows
A coupling nut, also known as extension nut, is a threaded fastener for joining two male threads, most commonly a threaded rod, but also pipes. The outside of the fastener is usually a hex so a wrench can hold it. Variations include reducing coupling nuts, for joining two different size threads; sight hole coupling nuts, which have a sight hole for observing the amount of engagement; and coupling nuts with left-handed threads. Coupling nuts can be used to tighten a rod assembly inward or to press a rod assembly outward. Along with bolts or studs, connecting nuts are also often used to make homemade bearing and seal pullers/presses. The advantage of a connecting nut over a standard nut in this application is that, due to its length, a greater number of threads are engaged with the bolt. This helps to spread the force over a larger number of threads, which reduces the possibility of stripping or galling the threads under a heavy load. References Nuts (hardware)
Ticket to Ride is a turn-based strategy video game, based upon Alan R. Moon's German-style board game of the same name, developed by Next Level Games and published by Playful Entertainment, Inc. The game started out as a browser game on November 15, 2004. In February 2017 Days of Wonder abandoned Linux support, although Xbox still seems to support the game having crossed it over to the Xbox One & Xbox X. Gameplay Gameplay is identical to the board game: there are two types of cards, colored train cars representing a type of cargo (e.g., black represents coal cars), and destination cards which feature two city destinations (e.g., Chicago to Miami). Each player is dealt three destination cards, and must choose at least two of them. They are also dealt six train cards. Players may draw train cards, a new destination card, or claim a colored route on their turn. To claim a route, a player must pay with a combination of same-colored cards including locomotives which serve as wild cards. Once a route is claimed, no other player may claim it; some routes feature double routes which allow up to two players to claim it, but only if four or five players are playing. In two or three-player games, the double routes can only be claimed by one person. The players immediately earn points for each successful route they claim. At the end of the game, players earn the points listed on the destination card. If a player decides to pick a new destination card, he draws three cards and may choose any of the cards; however, the player must pick at least one destination. The game ends when at least one of the players has expended their trains. Players are given bonuses for completed destinations, and penalized for unrealized destinations. The player with the longest contiguous route earns an additional bonus. Multiplayer Ticket to Ride supports play with up to five people on Xbox Live or four people on the same console, and supports the Xbox Live Vision cam. It also supports Steam, and did so for Linux until February 2017. Downloadable content The Europe map was released for download on August 1, 2008, for Xbox Live Arcade and on May 24, 2012, on PC and Mac. The Europe map includes two new types of route in addition to a new map: 'Ferry' routes, which require 'Locomotive' cards to be played when claiming them, and 'Tunnel' routes, which add an element of risk and chance to the game. The 1910 USA map was released on September 17, 2008, on Xbox Live Arcade and on May 24, 2012, for PC and Mac. It added 35 new destination tickets, the Globetrotter bonus card (for completing the most routes), and a large map. The Legendary Asia map from the Map Collection 1 expansion was released on August 2, 2012, for PC and Mac. The Switzerland map was released on May 24, 2012, for PC and Mac. Reception The iOS version received "universal acclaim", while the Xbox 360 version received "average" reviews, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Reviews Pyramid - PC version See also Catan Carcassonne (video game) Lost Cities (video game) References External links 2004 video games Browser games Video games based on board games Video games developed in Canada Xbox 360 Live Arcade games Xbox 360 games Indie games Steam Greenlight games Windows games MacOS games Linux games Android (operating system) games Play-by-email video games Next Level Games games Multiplayer and single-player video games
The Motorola StarMax was a line of licensed Macintosh clones produced by Motorola Information Systems Group in 1996 and 1997. They used versions of Apple's Tanzania motherboard, which was designed to use standard IBM PC compatible components in addition to Apple-proprietary components then in common use in the Power Macintosh family. StarMax computers featured SVGA video ports rather than the proprietary port Apple used at the time, and PS/2 mouse and keyboard ports in addition to ADB. The motherboard was also capable of using manual-eject floppy drives, though Motorola disabled this functionality and shipped the computers with software-eject drives. The StarMax line was discontinued on 11 September 1997 after Apple terminated the Macintosh clone license program that year. The StarMax's termination resulted in strained relations between Motorola and Apple and later Motorola's expulsion from the AIM alliance. Licensing Shortly after Gil Amelio was appointed CEO of Apple in February 1996, Motorola Computer Group acquired a license for Mac OS 7.5 to ship with its own computer systems that it plan to release in China later that year. The license also allowed Motorola to sub-license Mac OS to its customers along with motherboards it would sell as OEM. Ultimately Apple terminated the license in 1997. Reportedly, a heated telephone conversation between Jobs and Motorola CEO Christopher Galvin resulted in the contentious termination of Motorola's clone contract, and the long-favored Apple being demoted to "just another customer" mainly for PowerPC CPUs. Apple later expelled Motorola from the AIM alliance as retaliation, leaving IBM to make all future PowerPC CPUs. Product line The StarMax was sold in four different product lines. In addition, the StarMax 6000 was based on the PowerPC 750 processor, but was never shipped due to the termination of the Macintosh clone program. The StarMax 6000 would have been the first CHRP machine and the first machine with the PowerPC G3 months before Apple released the Power Macintosh G3. StarMax models numbers were derived using a standard system: (product line)/(CPU speed)(case type) product line was 3000, 4000, 5000, or 5500 and designated the CPU used in the machine 3000 and 5000 used PowerPC 603e processors. 4000 and 5500 used PowerPC 604e processors. cpu speed was the processor's clock speed, in megahertz case type was either DT or MT and designated the type of case used DT was a desktop case suitable for placing under a monitor MT was a minitower case 5000 and 5500 models used an upgraded "Tanzania II" logic board featuring faster system bus speeds and improved integrated graphics based on the ATI 3D RAGE II+ chip. References External links Motorola StarMax page Low End Mac All Motorola StarMax Mac Clones (at EveryMac.com) StarMax-talk YahooGroup Macintosh clones Starmax Products introduced in 1996 PowerPC computers
Nintendo Fun Club was a fan club marketed by Nintendo. It was free to join, and its members received a free subscription to Nintendo Fun Club News, a periodical that discussed popular games and games that were planned for the near future. It also offered tips and tricks, Nintendo video game news, and comics. History Since the NES's launch in 1985, warehouse manager and gamer advocate Howard Phillips and marketer Gail Tilden had operated a consumer feedback campaign of insert cards within packages of Nintendo's hardware and games, and built a database of customer contact information with names and mailing addresses. Phillips started a free-of-charge gameplay advice hotline at Nintendo of America, with five or six counselors on staff. They wanted to consolidate this resource-intensive gameplay counseling into mass media form. Phillips said, "When we first launched the NES in 1985, we figured out very quickly that kids were just dying to get extra information about the gamesnot just new games that were coming out, but also how to play them." In 1987, Nintendo Fun Club was started at Nintendo of America by Gail Tilden and Fun Club President Howard Phillips, with the publication of the Nintendo Fun Club News. The newsletter's first four issues were delivered quarterly starting in early 1987, with the final three issues being bimonthly. Phillips said, "Kids loved the magazine because it included screen shots. Pre-internet and VCRs, actually showing kids the games was the only way to explain how to do tricks. They couldn't just look it up online." The Nintendo Fun Club was marketed via catalogs and flyers contained in Nintendo Entertainment System boxes, and within the content of at least one game, Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!!. During the intermissions between rounds, when Little Mac's trainer gives him tips, Mac calls out "Help, Doc", who responds with, "" After seven issues and 600,000 subscribers, along with more than 100 telephone gameplay counselors, Phillips and Tilden wanted to further streamline and expand the resource intensive and non-revenue-generating marketing outreach. The Nintendo Fun Club News was discontinued in favor of the vastly more expansive and ambitious Nintendo Power magazine in August 1988. Its first issue was free to Fun Club members, and otherwise a traditional paid subscription. See also Official Nintendo Magazine, the official British magazine and successor to the British Club Nintendo Nintendo Magazine System, the Australian equivalent publication History of computer and video games Nintendo Player's Guide References External links Nintendo Fun Club Newsletter on the Internet Archive Bimonthly magazines published in the United States Quarterly magazines published in the United States Video game magazines published in the United States Defunct computer magazines published in the United States Magazines established in 1987 Magazines disestablished in 1988 Magazines published in Washington (state) Magazines about Nintendo Nintendo publications Nintendo Entertainment System
News is information about current events. This may be provided through many different media: word of mouth, printing, postal systems, broadcasting, electronic communication, or through the testimony of observers and witnesses to events. News is sometimes called "hard news" to differentiate it from soft media. Common topics for news reports include war, government, politics, education, health, the environment, economy, business, fashion, entertainment, and sport, as well as quirky or unusual events. Government proclamations, concerning royal ceremonies, laws, taxes, public health, and criminals, have been dubbed news since ancient times. Technological and social developments, often driven by government communication and espionage networks, have increased the speed with which news can spread, as well as influenced its content. Throughout history, people have transported new information through oral means. Having developed in China over centuries, newspapers became established in Europe during the early modern period. In the 20th century, radio and television became an important means of transmitting news. Whilst in the 21st, the internet has also begun to play a similar role. Meaning Etymology The English word "news" developed in the 14th century as a special use of the plural form of "new". In Middle English, the equivalent word was newes, like the French nouvelles and the German Neues. Similar developments are found in the Slavic languages – namely cognates from Serbo-Croatian novost (from nov, "new"), Czech and Slovak noviny (from nový, "new"), the Polish nowiny, the Bulgarian novini and Russian novosti – and likewise in the Celtic languages: the Welsh newyddion (from newydd) and the Cornish nowodhow (from nowydh). Jessica Garretson Finch is credited with coining the phrase "current events" while teaching at Barnard College in the 1890s. Newness As its name implies, "news" typically connotes the presentation of new information. The newness of news gives it an uncertain quality which distinguishes it from the more careful investigations of history or other scholarly disciplines. Whereas historians tend to view events as causally related manifestations of underlying processes, news stories tend to describe events in isolation, and to exclude discussion of the relationships between them. News conspicuously describes the world in the present or immediate past, even when the most important aspects of a news story have occurred long in the past—or are expected to occur in the future. To make the news, an ongoing process must have some "peg", an event in time that anchors it to the present moment. Relatedly, news often addresses aspects of reality which seem unusual, deviant, or out of the ordinary. Hence the famous dictum that "Dog Bites Man" is not news, but "Man Bites Dog" is. Another corollary of the newness of news is that, as new technology enables new media to disseminate news more quickly, 'slower' forms of communication may move away from 'news' towards 'analysis'. Commodity According to some theories, "news" is whatever the news industry sells. Journalism, broadly understood along the same lines, is the act or occupation of collecting and providing news. From a commercial perspective, news is simply one input, along with paper (or an electronic server) necessary to prepare a final product for distribution. A news agency supplies this resource "wholesale" and publishers enhance it for retail. Tone Most purveyors of news value impartiality, neutrality, and objectivity, despite the inherent difficulty of reporting without political bias. Perception of these values has changed greatly over time as sensationalized 'tabloid journalism' has risen in popularity. Michael Schudson has argued that before the era of World War I and the concomitant rise of propaganda, journalists were not aware of the concept of bias in reporting, let alone actively correcting for it. News is also sometimes said to portray the truth, but this relationship is elusive and qualified. Paradoxically, another property commonly attributed to news is sensationalism, the disproportionate focus on, and exaggeration of, emotive stories for public consumption. This news is also not unrelated to gossip, the human practice of sharing information about other humans of mutual interest. A common sensational topic is violence; hence another news dictum, "if it bleeds, it leads". Newsworthiness Newsworthiness is defined as a subject having sufficient relevance to the public or a special audience to warrant press attention or coverage. News values seem to be common across cultures. People seem to be interested in news to the extent which it has a big impact, describes conflicts, happens nearby, involves well-known people, and deviates from the norms of everyday happenings. War is a common news topic, partly because it involves unknown events that could pose personal danger. History Folk news Evidence suggests that cultures around the world have found a place for people to share stories about interesting new information. Among Zulus, Mongolians, Polynesians, and American Southerners, anthropologists have documented the practice of questioning travelers for news as a matter of priority. Sufficiently important news would be repeated quickly and often, and could spread by word of mouth over a large geographic area. Even as printing presses came into use in Europe, news for the general public often travelled orally via monks, travelers, town criers, etc. The news is also transmitted in public gathering places, such as the Greek forum and the Roman baths. Starting in England, coffeehouses served as important sites for the spread of news, even after telecommunications became widely available. The history of the coffee houses is traced from Arab countries, which was introduced in England in the 16th century. In the Muslim world, people have gathered and exchanged news at mosques and other social places. Travelers on pilgrimages to Mecca traditionally stay at caravanserais, roadside inns, along the way, and these places have naturally served as hubs for gaining news of the world. In late medieval Britain, reports ("tidings") of major events were a topic of great public interest, as chronicled in Chaucer's 1380 The House of Fame and other works. Government proclamations Before the invention of newspapers in the early 17th century, official government bulletins and edicts were circulated at times in some centralized empires. The first documented use of an organized courier service for the diffusion of written documents is in Egypt, where Pharaohs used couriers for the diffusion of their decrees in the territory of the State (2400 BC). Julius Caesar regularly publicized his heroic deeds in Gaul, and upon becoming dictator of Rome began publishing government announcements called Acta Diurna. These were carved in metal or stone and posted in public places. In medieval England, parliamentary declarations were delivered to sheriffs for public display and reading at the market. Specially sanctioned messengers have been recognized in Vietnamese culture, among the Khasi people in India, and in the Fox and Winnebago cultures of the American midwest. The Zulu Kingdom used runners to quickly disseminate news. In West Africa, news can be spread by griots. In most cases, the official spreaders of news have been closely aligned with holders of political power. Town criers were a common means of conveying information to citydwellers. In thirteenth-century Florence, criers known as arrived in the market regularly, to announce political news, to convoke public meetings, and to call the populace to arms. In 1307 and 1322–1325, laws were established governing their appointment, conduct, and salary. These laws stipulated how many times a was to repeat a proclamation (forty) and where in the city they were to read them. Different declarations sometimes came with additional protocols; announcements regarding the plague were also to be read at the city gates. These proclamations all used a standard format, beginning with an exordium—"The worshipful and most esteemed gentlemen of the Eight of Ward and Security of the city of Florence make it known, notify, and expressly command, to whosoever, of whatever status, rank, quality and condition"—and continuing with a statement (narratio), a request made upon the listeners (petitio), and the penalty to be exacted from those who would not comply (peroratio). In addition to major declarations, bandi (announcements) might concern petty crimes, requests for information, and notices about missing slaves. Niccolò Machiavelli was captured by the Medicis in 1513, following a bando calling for his immediate surrender. Some town criers could be paid to include advertising along with news. Under the Ottoman Empire, official messages were regularly distributed at mosques, by traveling holy men, and by secular criers. These criers were sent to read official announcements in marketplaces, highways, and other well-traveled places, sometimes issuing commands and penalties for disobedience. Early news networks The spread of news has always been linked to the communications networks in place to disseminate it. Thus, political, religious, and commercial interests have historically controlled, expanded, and monitored communications channels by which news could spread. Postal services have long been closely entwined with the maintenance of political power in a large area. One of the imperial communication channels, called the "Royal Road" traversed the Assyrian Empire and served as a key source of its power. The Roman Empire maintained a vast network of roads, known as cursus publicus, for similar purposes. Visible chains of long-distance signaling, known as optical telegraphy, have also been used throughout history to convey limited types of information. These can have ranged from smoke and fire signals to advanced systems using semaphore codes and telescopes. The latter form of optical telegraph came into use in Japan, Britain, France, and Germany from the 1790s through the 1850s. Asia The world's first written news may have originated in eighth century BCE China, where reports gathered by officials were eventually compiled as the Spring and Autumn Annals. The annals, whose compilation is attributed to Confucius, were available to a sizeable reading public and dealt with common news themes—though they straddle the line between news and history. The Han dynasty is credited with developing one of the most effective imperial surveillance and communications networks in the ancient world. Government-produced news sheets, called tipao, circulated among court officials during the late Han dynasty (second and third centuries AD). Between 713 and 734, the Kaiyuan Za Bao ("Bulletin of the Court") of the Chinese Tang dynasty published government news; it was handwritten on silk and read by government officials. The court created a Bureau of Official Reports (Jin Zhouyuan) to centralize news distribution for the court. Newsletters called ch'ao pao continued to be produced and gained wider public circulation in the following centuries. In 1582 there was the first reference to privately published newssheets in Beijing, during the late Ming dynasty. Japan had effective communications and postal delivery networks at several points in its history, first in 646 with the Taika Reform and again during the Kamakura period from 1183 to 1333. The system depended on hikyaku, runners, and regularly spaced relay stations. By this method, news could travel between Kyoto and Kamakura in 5–7 days. Special horse-mounted messengers could move information at the speed of 170 kilometers per day. The Japanese shogunates were less tolerant than the Chinese government of news circulation. The postal system established during the Edo period was even more effective, with average speeds of 125–150 km/day and express speed of 200 km/day. This system was initially used only by the government, taking private communications only at exorbitant prices. Private services emerged and in 1668 established their own nakama (guild). They became even faster, and created an effective optical telegraphy system using flags by day and lanterns and mirrors by night. Europe In Europe, during the Middle Ages, elites relied on runners to transmit news over long distances. At 33 kilometres per day, a runner would take two months to bring a message across the Hanseatic League from Bruges to Riga. In the early modern period, increased cross-border interaction created a rising need for information which was met by concise handwritten newssheets. The driving force of this new development was the commercial advantage provided by up-to-date news. In 1556, the government of Venice first published the monthly Notizie scritte, which cost one gazetta. These avvisi were handwritten newsletters and used to convey political, military, and economic news quickly and efficiently to Italian cities (1500–1700)—sharing some characteristics of newspapers though usually not considered true newspapers. Avvisi were sold by subscription under the auspices of military, religious, and banking authorities. Sponsorship flavored the contents of each series, which were circulated under many different names. Subscribers included clerics, diplomatic staff, and noble families. By the last quarter of the seventeenth century, long passages from avvisi were finding their way into published monthlies such as the and, in northern Italy, Pallade veneta. Postal services enabled merchants and monarchs to stay abreast of important information. For the Holy Roman Empire, Emperor Maximillian I in 1490 authorized two brothers from the Italian Tasso family, Francesco and Janetto, to create a network of courier stations linked by riders. They began with a communications line between Innsbruck and Mechelen and grew from there. In 1505 this network expanded to Spain, new governed by Maximilian's son Philip. These riders could travel 180 kilometers in a day. This system became the Imperial Reichspost, administered by Tasso descendants (subsequently known as Thurn-und-Taxis), who in 1587 received exclusive operating rights from the Emperor. The French postal service and English postal service also began at this time, but did not become comprehensive until the early 1600s. In 1620, the English system linked with Thurn-und-Taxis. These connections underpinned an extensive system of news circulation, with handwritten items bearing dates and places of origin. Centred in Germany, the network took in news from Russia, the Balkans, Italy, Britain, France, and the Netherlands. The German lawyer Christoph von Scheurl and the Fugger house of Augsburg were prominent hubs in this network. Letters describing historically significant events could gain wide circulation as news reports. Indeed, personal correspondence sometimes acted only as a convenient channel through which news could flow across a larger network. A common type of business communication was a simple listing of current prices, the circulation of which quickened the flow of international trade. Businesspeople also wanted to know about events related to shipping, the affairs of other businesses, and political developments. Even after the advent of international newspapers, business owners still valued correspondence highly as a source of reliable news that would affect their enterprise. Handwritten newsletters, which could be produced quickly for a limited clientele, also continued into the 1600s. Rise of the newspaper The spread of paper and the printing press from China to Europe preceded a major advance in the transmission of news. With the spread of printing presses and the creation of new markets in the 1500s, news underwent a shift from factual and precise economic reporting, to a more emotive and freewheeling format. (Private newsletters containing important intelligence therefore remained in use by people who needed to know.) The first newspapers emerged in Germany in the early 1600s. Relation aller Fürnemmen und gedenckwürdigen Historien, from 1605, is recognized as the world's first formalized 'newspaper'; while not a 'newspaper' in the modern sense, the Ancient Roman Acta Diurna served a similar purpose circa 131 BC. The new format, which mashed together numerous unrelated and perhaps dubious reports from far-flung locations, created a radically new and jarring experience for its readers. A variety of styles emerged, from single-story tales, to compilations, overviews, and personal and impersonal types of news analysis. News for public consumption was at first tightly controlled by governments. By 1530, England had created a licensing system for the press and banned "seditious opinions". Under the Licensing Act, publication was restricted to approved presses—as exemplified by The London Gazette, which prominently bore the words: "Published By Authority". Parliament allowed the Licensing Act to lapse in 1695, beginning a new era marked by Whig and Tory newspapers. (During this era, the Stamp Act limited newspaper distribution simply by making them expensive to sell and buy.) In France, censorship was even more constant. Consequently, many Europeans read newspapers originating from beyond their national borders—especially from the Dutch Republic, where publishers could evade state censorship. The new United States saw a newspaper boom beginning with the Revolutionary era, accelerated by spirited debates over the establishment of a new government, spurred on by subsidies contained in the 1792 Postal Service Act, and continuing into the 1800s. American newspapers got many of their stories by copying reports from each other. Thus by offering free postage to newspapers wishing to exchange copies, the Postal Service Act subsidized a rapidly growing news network through which different stories could percolate. Newspapers thrived during the colonization of the West, fueled by high literacy and a newspaper-loving culture. By 1880, San Francisco rivaled New York in number of different newspapers and in printed newspaper copies per capita. Boosters of new towns felt that newspapers covering local events brought legitimacy, recognition, and community. The 1830s American, wrote Alexis de Tocqueville, was "a very civilized man prepared for a time to face life in the forest, plunging into the wilderness of the New World with his Bible, ax, and newspapers." In France, the Revolution brought forth an abundance of newspapers and a new climate of press freedom, followed by a return to repression under Napoleon. In 1792 the Revolutionaries set up a news ministry called the Bureau d'Esprit. Some newspapers published in the 1800s and after retained the commercial orientation characteristic of the private newsletters of the Renaissance. Economically oriented newspapers published new types of data enabled the advent of statistics, especially economic statistics which could inform sophisticated investment decisions. These newspapers, too, became available for larger sections of society, not just elites, keen on investing some of their savings in the stock markets. Yet, as in the case other newspapers, the incorporation of advertising into the newspaper led to justified reservations about accepting newspaper information at face value. Economic newspapers also became promoters of economic ideologies, such as Keynesianism in the mid-1900s. Newspapers came to sub-Saharan Africa via colonization. The first English-language newspaper in the area was The Royal Gazette and Sierra Leone Advertiser, established in 1801, and followed by The Royal Gold Coast Gazette and Commercial Intelligencer in 1822 and the Liberia Herald in 1826. A number of nineteenth-century African newspapers were established by missionaries. These newspapers by and large promoted the colonial governments and served the interests of European settlers by relaying news from Europe. The first newspaper published in a native African language was the Muigwithania, published in Kikuyu by the Kenyan Central Association. Muigwithania and other newspapers published by indigenous Africans took strong opposition stances, agitating strongly for African independence. Newspapers were censored heavily during the colonial period—as well as after formal independence. Some liberalization and diversification took place in the 1990s. Newspapers were slow to spread to the Arab world, which had a stronger tradition of oral communication, and mistrust of the European approach to news reporting. By the end of the eighteenth century, the Ottoman Empire's leaders in Istanbul monitored the European press, but its contents were not disseminated for mass consumption. Some of the first written news in modern North Africa arose in Egypt under Muhammad Ali, who developed the local paper industry and initiated the limited circulation of news bulletins called . Beginning in the 1850s and 1860s, the private press began to develop in the multi-religious country of Lebanon. Newswire The development of the electrical telegraph, which often travelled along railroad lines, enabled news to travel faster, over longer distances. (Days before Morse's Baltimore–Washington line transmitted the famous question, "What hath God wrought?", it transmitted the news that Henry Clay and Theodore Frelinghuysen had been chosen by the Whig nominating party.) Telegraph networks enabled a new centralization of the news, in the hands of wire services concentrated in major cities. The modern form of these originated with Charles-Louis Havas, who founded Bureau Havas (later Agence France-Presse) in Paris. Havas began in 1832, using the French government's optical telegraph network. In 1840 he began using pigeons for communications to Paris, London, and Brussels. Havas began to use the electric telegraph when it became available. One of Havas's proteges, Bernhard Wolff, founded Wolffs Telegraphisches Bureau in Berlin in 1849. Another Havas disciple, Paul Reuter, began collecting news from Germany and France in 1849, and in 1851 immigrated to London, where he established the Reuters news agency—specializing in news from the continent. In 1863, William Saunders and Edward Spender formed the Central Press agency, later called the Press Association, to handle domestic news. Just before insulated telegraph line crossed the English Channel in 1851, Reuter won the right to transmit stock exchange prices between Paris and London. He maneuvered Reuters into a dominant global position with the motto "Follow the Cable", setting up news outposts across the British Empire in Alexandria (1865), Bombay (1866), Melbourne (1874), Sydney (1874), and Cape Town (1876). In the United States, the Associated Press became a news powerhouse, gaining a lead position through an exclusive arrangement with the Western Union company. The telegraph ushered in a new global communications regime, accompanied by a restructuring of the national postal systems, and closely followed by the advent of telephone lines. With the value of international news at a premium, governments, businesses, and news agencies moved aggressively to reduce transmission times. In 1865, Reuters had the scoop on the Lincoln assassination, reporting the news in England twelve days after the event took place. In 1866, an undersea telegraph cable successfully connected Ireland to Newfoundland (and thus the Western Union network) cutting trans-Atlantic transmission time from days to hours. The transatlantic cable allowed fast exchange of information about the London and New York stock exchanges, as well as the New York, Chicago, and Liverpool commodity exchanges—for the price of $5–10, in gold, per word. Transmitting On 11 May 1857, a young British telegraph operator in Delhi signaled home to alert the authorities of the Indian Rebellion of 1857. The rebels proceeded to disrupt the British telegraph network, which was rebuilt with more redundancies. In 1902–1903, Britain and the U.S. completed the circumtelegraphy of the planet with transpacific cables from Canada to Fiji and New Zealand (British Empire), and from the US to Hawaii and the occupied Philippines. U.S. reassertions of the Monroe Doctrine notwithstanding, Latin America was a battleground of competing telegraphic interests until World War I, after which U.S. interests finally did consolidate their power in the hemisphere. By the turn of the century (i.e., ), Wolff, Havas, and Reuters formed a news cartel, dividing up the global market into three sections, in which each had more-or-less exclusive distribution rights and relationships with national agencies. Each agency's area corresponded roughly to the colonial sphere of its mother country. Reuters and the Australian national news service had an agreement to exchange news only with each other. Due to the high cost of maintaining infrastructure, political goodwill, and global reach, newcomers found it virtually impossible to challenge the big three European agencies or the American Associated Press. In 1890 Reuters (in partnership with the Press Association, England's major news agency for domestic stories) expanded into "soft" news stories for public consumption, about topics such as sports and "human interest". In 1904, the big three wire services opened relations with Vestnik, the news agency of Czarist Russia, to their group, though they maintained their own reporters in Moscow. During and after the Russian Revolution, the outside agencies maintained a working relationship with the Petrograd Telegraph Agency, renamed the Russian Telegraph Agency (ROSTA) and eventually the Telegraph Agency of the Soviet Union (TASS). The Chinese Communist Party created its news agency, the Red China News Agency, in 1931; its primary responsibilities were the Red China newspaper and the internal Reference News. In 1937, the Party renamed the agency Xinhua, New China. Xinhua became the official news agency of the People's Republic of China in 1949. These agencies touted their ability to distill events into "minute globules of news", 20–30 word summaries which conveyed the essence of new developments. Unlike newspapers, and contrary to the sentiments of some of their reporters, the agencies sought to keep their reports simple and factual. The wire services brought forth the "inverted pyramid" model of news copy, in which key facts appear at the start of the text, and more and more details are included as it goes along. The sparse telegraphic writing style spilled over into newspapers, which often reprinted stories from the wire with little embellishment. In a 20 September 1918 Pravda editorial, Lenin instructed the Soviet press to cut back on their political rambling and produce many short anticapitalist news items in "telegraph style". As in previous eras, the news agencies provided special services to political and business clients, and these services constituted a significant portion of their operations and income. The wire services maintained close relationships with their respective national governments, which provided both press releases and payments. The acceleration and centralization of economic news facilitated regional economic integration and economic globalization. "It was the decrease in information costs and the increasing communication speed that stood at the roots of increased market integration, rather than falling transport costs by itself. In order to send goods to another area, merchants needed to know first whether in fact to send off the goods and to what place. Information costs and speed were essential for these decisions." Radio and television The British Broadcasting Company began transmitting radio news from London in 1922, dependent entirely, by law, on the British news agencies. BBC radio marketed itself as a news by and for social elites, and hired only broadcasters who spoke with upper-class accents. The BBC gained importance in the May 1926 general strike, during which newspapers were closed and the radio served as the only source of news for an uncertain public. (To the displeasure of many listeners, the BBC took an unambiguously pro-government stance against the strikers). In the US, RCA's Radio Group established its radio network, NBC, in 1926. The Paley family founded CBS soon after. These two networks, which supplied news broadcasts to subsidiaries and affiliates, dominated the airwaves throughout the period of radio's hegemony as a news source. Radio broadcasters in the United States negotiated a similar arrangement with the press in 1933, when they agreed to use only news from the Press–Radio Bureau and eschew advertising; this agreement soon collapsed and radio stations began reporting their own news (with advertising). As in Britain, American news radio avoided "controversial" topics as per norms established by the National Association of Broadcasters. By 1939, 58% of Americans surveyed by Fortune considered radio news more accurate than newspapers, and 70% chose radio as their main news source. Radio expanded rapidly across the continent, from 30 stations in 1920 to a thousand in the 1930s. This operation was financed mostly with advertising and public relations money. The Soviet Union began a major international broadcasting operation in 1929, with stations in German, English and French. The Nazi Party made use of the radio in its rise to power in Germany, with much of its propaganda focused on attacking the Soviet Bolsheviks. The British and Italian foreign radio services competed for influence in North Africa. All four of these broadcast services grew increasingly vitriolic as the European nations prepared for war. The war provided an opportunity to expand radio and take advantage of its new potential. The BBC reported on Allied invasion of Normandy on 8:00 a.m. of the morning it took place, and including a clip from German radio coverage of the same event. Listeners followed along with developments throughout the day. The U.S. set up its Office of War Information which by 1942 sent programming across South America, the Middle East, and East Asia. Radio Luxembourg, a centrally located high-power station on the continent, was seized by Germany, and then by the United States—which created fake news programs appearing as though they were created by Germany. Targeting American troops in the Pacific, the Japanese government broadcast the "Zero Hour" program, which included news from the U.S. to make the soldiers homesick. But by the end of the war, Britain had the largest radio network in the world, broadcasting internationally in 43 different languages. Its scope would eventually be surpassed (by 1955) by the worldwide Voice of America programs, produced by the United States Information Agency. In Britain and the United States, television news watching rose dramatically in the 1950s and by the 1960s supplanted radio as the public's primary source of news. In the U.S., television was run by the same networks which owned radio: CBS, NBC, and an NBC spin-off called ABC. Edward R. Murrow, who first entered the public ear as a war reporter in London, made the big leap to television to become an iconic newsman on CBS (and later the director of the United States Information Agency). Ted Turner's creation of the Cable News Network (CNN) in 1980 inaugurated a new era of 24-hour satellite news broadcasting. In 1991, the BBC introduced a competitor, BBC World Service Television. Rupert Murdoch's Australian News Corporation entered the picture with Fox News Channel in the US, Sky News in Britain, and STAR TV in Asia. Combining this new apparatus with the use of embedded reporters, the United States waged the 1991–1992 Gulf War with the assistance of nonstop media coverage. CNN's specialty is the crisis, to which the network is prepared to shift its total attention if so chosen. CNN news was transmitted via INTELSAT communications satellites. CNN, said an executive, would bring a "town crier to the global village". In 1996, the Qatar-owned broadcaster Al Jazeera emerged as a powerful alternative to the Western media, capitalizing in part on anger in the Arab & Muslim world regarding biased coverage of the Gulf War. Al Jazeera hired many news workers conveniently laid off by BBC Arabic Television, which closed in April 1996. It used Arabsat to broadcast. Internet The early internet, known as ARPANET, was controlled by the U.S. Department of Defense and used mostly by academics. It became available to a wider public with the release of the Netscape browser in 1994. At first, news websites were mostly archives of print publications. An early online newspaper was the Electronic Telegraph, published by The Daily Telegraph. A 1994 earthquake in California was one of the first big stories to be reported online in real time. The new availability of web browsing made news sites accessible to more people. On the day of the Oklahoma City bombing in April 1995, people flocked to newsgroups and chatrooms to discuss the situation and share information. The Oklahoma City Daily posted news to its site within hours. Two of the only news sites capable of hosting images, the San Jose Mercury News and Time magazine, posted photographs of the scene. Quantitatively, the internet has massively expanded the sheer volume of news items available to one person. The speed of news flow to individuals has also reached a new plateau. This insurmountable flow of news can daunt people and cause information overload. Zbigniew Brzezinski called this period the "technetronic era", in which "global reality increasingly absorbs the individual, involves him, and even occasionally overwhelms him." In cases of government crackdowns or revolutions, the Internet has often become a major communication channel for news propagation; while it's a (relatively) simple act to shut down a newspaper, radio or television station, mobile devices such as smartphones and netbooks are much harder to detect and confiscate. The propagation of internet-capable mobile devices has also given rise to the citizen journalist, who provide an additional perspective on unfolding events. News media today News can travel through different communication media. In modern times, printed news had to be phoned into a newsroom or brought there by a reporter, where it was typed and either transmitted over wire services or edited and manually set in type along with other news stories for a specific edition. Today, the term "breaking news" has become trite as commercial broadcasting United States cable news services that are available 24 hours a day use live communications satellite technology to bring current events into consumers' homes as the event occurs. Events that used to take hours or days to become common knowledge in towns or in nations are fed instantaneously to consumers via radio, television, mobile phone, and the internet. Speed of news transmission varies wildly on the basis of where and how one lives. Newspaper Most large cities in the United States historically had morning and afternoon newspapers. With the addition of new communications media, afternoon newspapers have shut down and morning newspapers have lost circulation. Weekly newspapers have somewhat increased. In more and more cities, newspapers have established local market monopolies—i.e., a single newspaper is the only one in town. This process has accelerated since the 1980s, commensurate with a general trend of consolidation in media ownership. In China, too, newspapers have gained exclusive status, city-by-city, and pooled into large associations such as Chengdu Business News. These associations function like news agencies, challenging the hegemony of Xinhua as a news provider. The world's top three most circulated newspapers all publish from Japan. About one-third of newspaper revenue comes from sales; the majority comes from advertising. Newspapers have struggled to maintain revenue given declining circulation and the free flow of information over the internet; some have implemented paywalls for their websites. In the U.S., many newspapers have shifted their operations online, publishing around the clock rather than daily in order to keep pace with the internet society. Prognosticators have suggested that print newspapers will vanish from the U.S. in 5–20 years. Many newspapers have started to track social media engagement for trending news stories to cover. Television Internationally distributed news channels include BBC News, CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, CBC News Network, and Sky News. Televisions are densely concentrated in the United States (98% of households), and the average American watches 4 hours of television programming each day. In other parts of the world, such as Kenya—especially rural areas without much electricity—televisions are rare. The largest supplier of international video news is Reuters TV, with 409 subscribers in 83 countries, 38 bureaus, and a reported audience of 1.5 billion people each day. The other major video news service is Associated Press Television News. These two major agencies have agreements to exchange video news with ABC, NBC, CBS, CNN, and Eurovision—itself a sizeable video news exchange. CNN International is a notable broadcaster in times of crisis. Internet Online journalism is news that is reported on the internet. News can be delivered more quickly through this method of news as well as accessed more easily. The internet era has transformed the understanding of news. Because the internet allows communication which is not only instantaneous, but also bi- or multi-directional, it has blurred the boundaries of who is a legitimate news producer. A common type of internet journalism is called blogging, which is a service of persistently written articles uploaded and written by one or more individuals. Millions of people in countries such as the United States and South Korea have taken up blogging. Many blogs have rather small audiences; some blogs are read by millions each month. Social media sites, especially Twitter and Facebook, have become an important source of breaking news information and for disseminating links to news websites. Twitter declared in 2012: "It's like being delivered a newspaper whose headlines you'll always find interesting—you can discover news as it's happening, learn more about topics that are important to you, and get the inside scoop in real time." Cell phone cameras have normalized citizen photojournalism. Michael Schudson, professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, has said that "[e]verything we thought we once knew about journalism needs to be rethought in the Digital Age." Today the work of journalism can be done from anywhere and done well. It requires no more than a reporter and a laptop. In that way, journalistic authority seems to have become more individual- and less institution-based. But does the individual reporter always have to be an actual journalist? Or can journalistic work be done from anywhere and by anyone? These are questions that refer to the core of journalistic practice and the definition of "news" itself. As Schudson has given emphasis to, the answer is not easily found; "the ground journalists walk upon is shaking, and the experience for both those who work in the field and those on the outside studying it is dizzying". Schudson has identified the following six specific areas where the ecology of news in his opinion has changed: The line between the reader and writer has blurred. The distinction among tweet, blog post, Facebook, newspaper story, magazine article, and book has blurred. The line between professionals and amateurs has blurred, and a variety of "pro-am" relationships has emerged. The boundaries delineating for-profit, public, and non-profit media have blurred, and the cooperation across these models of financing has developed. Within commercial news organizations, the line between the news room and the business office has blurred. The line between old media and new media has blurred, practically beyond recognition. These alterations inevitably have fundamental ramifications for the contemporary ecology of news. "The boundaries of journalism, which just a few years ago seemed relatively clear, and permanent, have become less distinct, and this blurring, while potentially the foundation of progress even as it is the source of risk, has given rise to a new set of journalistic principles and practices", Schudson puts it. It is indeed complex, but it seems to be the future. Online news has also changed the geographic reach of individual news stories, diffusing readership from city-by-city markets to a potentially global audience. The growth of social media networks have also created new opportunities for automated and efficient news gathering for journalists and newsrooms. Many newsrooms (broadcasters, newspapers, magazines, radio and TV) have started to perform news gathering on social media platforms. Social media is creating changes in the consumer behaviour and news consumption. According to a study by Pew Research, a large portion of Americans read news on digital and on mobile devices. Because internet does not have the "column inches" limitation of print media, online news stories can, but don't always, come bundled with supplementary material. The medium of the World Wide Web also enables hyperlinking, which allows readers to navigate to other pages related to the one they're reading. Despite these changes, some studies have concluded that internet news coverage remains fairly homogenous and dominated by news agencies. And journalists working with online media do not identify significantly different criteria for newsworthiness than print journalists. News agencies News agencies are services which compile news and disseminate it in bulk. Because they disseminate information to a wide variety of clients, who repackage the material as news for public consumption, news agencies tend to use less controversial language in their reports. Despite their importance, news agencies are not well known by the general public. They keep low profiles and their reporters usually do not get bylines. The oldest news agency still operating is the Agence France-Presse (AFP). It was founded in 1835 by a Parisian translator and advertising agent, Charles-Louis Havas as Agence Havas. By the end of the twentieth century, Reuters far outpaced the other news agencies in profits, and became one of the largest companies in Europe. In 2011, Thomson Reuters employed more than 55,000 people in 100 countries, and posted an annual revenue of $12.9 billion. United Press International gained prominence as a world news agency in the middle of the twentieth century, but shrank in the 1980s and was sold off at low prices. It is owned by the Unification Church company News World Communications. News agencies, especially Reuters and the newly important Bloomberg News, convey both news stories for mass audiences and financial information of interest to businesses and investors. Bloomberg LP, a private company founded by Michael Bloomberg in 1981, made rapid advances with computerized stock market reporting updated in real time. Its news service continued to exploit this electronic advantage by combining computer-generated analytics with text reporting. Bloomberg linked with Agence France Presse in the 1990s. Following the marketization of the Chinese economy and the media boom of the 1990s, Xinhua has adopted some commercial practices including subscription fees, but it remains government-subsidized. It provides newswire, news photos, economic information, and audio and video news. Xinhua has a growing number of subscribers, totaling 16,969 in 2002, including 93% of Chinese newspapers. It operates 123 foreign bureaus and produces 300 news stories each day. Other agencies with considerable reach include Deutsche Presse-Agentur (Germany), Kyodo News (Japan), the Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata (Italy), the Middle East News Agency (Egypt), Tanjug (Serbia), EFE (Spain), and Anadolu Agency (Turkey). On the internet, news aggregators play a role similar to that of the news agency—and, because of the sources they select, tend to transmit news stories which originate from the main agencies. Of articles displayed by Yahoo! News in the U.S., 91.7% come from news agencies: 39.4% from AP, 30.9% AFP, and 21.3% Reuters. In India, 60.1% of Yahoo! News stories come from Reuters. Google News relies somewhat less on news agencies, and has shown high volatility, in the sense of focusing heavily on the most recent handful of salient world events. In 2010, Google News redesigned its front page with automatic geotargeting, which generated a selection of local news items for every viewer. Global news system In the 20th century, global news coverage was dominated by a combination of the "Big Four" news agencies—Reuters, Associated Press, Agence France Press, and United Press International—representing the Western bloc, and the Communist agencies: TASS from the Soviet Union, and Xinhua from China. Studies of major world events, and analyses of all international news coverage in various newspapers, consistently found that a large majority of news items originated from the four biggest wire services. Television news agencies include Associated Press Television News, which bought and incorporated World Television News; and Reuters Television. Bloomberg News created in the 1990s, expanded rapidly to become a player in the realm of international news. The Associated Press also maintains a radio network with thousands of subscribers worldwide; it is the sole provider of international news to many small stations. By some accounts, dating back to the 1940s, the increasing interconnectedness of the news system has accelerated the pace of human history itself. New World Information and Communication Order The global news system is dominated by agencies from Europe and the United States, and reflects their interests and priorities in its coverage. Euro-American control of the global news system has led to criticism; that events around the world are constantly compared to events like the Holocaust and World War II, which are considered foundational in the West. Since the 1960s, a significant amount of news reporting from the Third World has been characterized by some form "development journalism", a paradigm which focuses on long-term development projects, social change, and nation-building. When in 1987 the U.S. media reported on a riot in the Dominican Republic—the first major news item regarding that country in years—the resulting decline in tourism lasted for years and had a noticeable effect on the economy. The English language predominates in global news exchanges. Critics have accused the global news system of perpetuating cultural imperialism. Critics further charge that the Western media conglomerates maintain a bias towards the status quo economic order, especially a pro-corporate bias. The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has promoted a New World Information and Communication Order, which envisions an international news exchange system involving national news agencies in every country. UNESCO encouraged the new states formed from colonial territories in the 1960s to establish news agencies, to generate domestic news stories, exchange news items with international partners, and disseminate both types of news internally. Along these lines, the 1980 MacBride report, "Many Voices, One World", called for an interdependent global news system with more participation from different governments. To this end, also, UNESCO formed the Non-Aligned News Agencies Pool. The Inter Press Service, founded in 1964, has served as an intermediary for Third World press agencies. Inter Press Service's editorial policy favors coverage of events, institutions, and issues which relate to inequality, economic development, economic integration, natural resources, population, health, education, and sustainable development. It gives less coverage than other agencies to crime, disasters, and violence. Geographically, 70% of its news reporting concerns Africa, Asia, Latin America, and the Caribbean. IPS has the most subscribers in Latin America and southern Africa. IPS receives grants from organizations such as the United Nations Development Program and other United Nations agencies and private foundations to report news on chosen topics, including the environment, sustainable development, and women's issues. Beginning in the 1960s, the United States Agency for International Development, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and UNESCO developed the use of satellite television for international broadcasting. In India, 1975–1976, these agencies implemented an experimental satellite television system, called the Satellite Instructional Television Experiment, with assistance from the Indian Space Research Organisation, and All India Radio. Further transformation in global news flow By the 1980s, much of the Third World had succumbed to a debt crisis resulting from unpayable large loans accumulated since the 1960s. At this point, the World Bank took an active role in the governance of many countries, and its authority extended to communications policy. The policy of developing Third World media gave way to a global regime of free trade institutions like the World Trade Organization, which also protected the free flow of information across borders. The World Bank also promoted privatization of national telecommunications, which afforded large multinational corporations the opportunity to purchase networks and expand operations in the Third World. In countries with less telecommunications infrastructure, people, especially youth, tend today to get their news predominantly from mobile phones and, less so, from the internet. Older folks listen more to the radio. The government of China is a major investor in Third World telecommunications, especially in Africa. Some issues relating to global information flow were revisited in light of the internet at the 2003/2005 World Summit on the Information Society, a conference which emphasized the role of civil society and the private sector in information society governance. News values News values are the professional norms of journalism. Commonly, news content should contain all the "Five Ws" (who, what, when, where, why, and also how) of an event. Newspapers normally place hard news stories on the first pages, so the most important information is at the beginning, enabling busy readers to read as little or as much as they desire. Local stations and networks with a set format must take news stories and break them down into the most important aspects due to time constraints. Journalists are often expected to aim for objectivity; reporters claim to try to cover all sides of an issue without bias, as compared to commentators or analysts, who provide opinion or personal points of view. The resulting articles lay out facts in a sterile, noncommittal manner, standing back to "let the reader decide" the truth of the matter. Several governments impose certain constraints against bias. In the United Kingdom, the government agency of Ofcom (Office of Communications) enforces a legal requirement of "impartiality" on news broadcasters. Both newspapers and broadcast news programs in the United States are generally expected to remain neutral and avoid bias except for clearly indicated editorial articles or segments. Many single-party governments have operated state-run news organizations, which may present the government's views. Although newswriters have always laid claim to truth and objectivity, the modern values of professional journalism were established beginning in the late 1800s and especially after World War I, when groups like the American Society of Newspaper Editors codified rules for unbiased news reporting. These norms held the most sway in American and British journalism, and were scorned by some other countries. These ideas have become part of the practice of journalism across the world. Soviet commentators said stories in the Western press were trivial distractions from reality, and emphasized a socialist realism model focusing on developments in everyday life. Even in those situations where objectivity is expected, it is difficult to achieve, and individual journalists may fall foul of their own personal bias, or succumb to commercial or political pressure. Similarly, the objectivity of news organizations owned by conglomerated corporations fairly may be questioned, in light of the natural incentive for such groups to report news in a manner intended to advance the conglomerate's financial interests. Individuals and organizations who are the subject of news reports may use news management techniques to try to make a favourable impression. Because each individual has a particular point of view, it is recognized that there can be no absolute objectivity in news reporting. Journalists can collectively shift their opinion over what is a controversy up for debate and what is an established fact, as evidenced by homogenization during the 2000s of news coverage of climate change. Some commentators on news values have argued that journalists' training in news values itself represents a systemic bias of the news. The norm of objectivity leads journalists to gravitate towards certain types of acts and exclude others. A journalist can be sure of objectivity in reporting that an official or public figure has made a certain statement. This is one reason why so much news reporting is devoted to official statements. This lemma dates back to the early history of public news reporting, as exemplified by an English printer who on 12 March 1624 published news from Brussels in the form of letters, with the prefacing comment: "Now because you shall not say, that either out of my owne conceit I misliked a phrase, or presumptuously tooke upon me to reforme any thing amisse, I will truly set you downe their owne words." Feminist critiques argue that discourse defined as objective by news organizations reflects a male-centered perspective. In their selection of sources, journalists rely heavily on men as sources of authoritative- and objective-seeming statements. News reporting has also tended to discuss women differently, usually in terms of appearance and relationship to men. The critique of traditional norms of objectivity comes from within news organizations as well. Said Peter Horrocks, head of television news at BBC: "The days of middle-of-the-road, balancing Left and Right, impartiality are dead. […] we need to consider adopting what I like to think of as a much wider 'radical impartiality'—the need to hear the widest range of views—all sides of the story." Social organization of news production News organizations Viewed from a sociological perspective, news for mass consumption is produced in hierarchical organizations. Reporters, working near the bottom of the structure, are given significant autonomy in researching and preparing reports, subject to assignments and occasional intervention from higher decision-makers. Owners at the top of the news hierarchy influence the content of news indirectly but substantially. The professional norms of journalism discourage overt censorship; however, news organizations have covert but firm norms about how to cover certain topics. These policies are conveyed to journalists through socialization on the job; without any written policy, they simply learn how things are done. Journalists comply with these rules for various reasons, including job security. Journalists are also systematically influenced by their education, including journalism school. News production is routinized in several ways. News stories use familiar formats and subgenres which vary by topic. "Rituals of objectivity", such as pairing a quotation from one group with a quotation from a competing group, dictate the construction of most news narratives. Many news items revolve around periodic press conferences or other scheduled events. Further routine is established by assigning each journalist to a beat: a domain of human affairs, usually involving government or commerce, in which certain types of events routinely occur. A common scholarly frame for understanding news production is to examine the role of information gatekeepers: to ask why and how certain narratives make their way from news producers to news consumers. Obvious gatekeepers include journalists, news agency staff, and wire editors of newspapers. Ideology, personal preferences, source of news, and length of a story are among the many considerations which influence gatekeepers. Although social media have changed the structure of news dissemination, gatekeeper effects may continue due to the role of a few central nodes in the social network. New factors have emerged in internet-era newsrooms. One issue is "click-thinking", the editorial selection of news stories—and of journalists—who can generate the most website hits and thus advertising revenue. Unlike a newspaper, a news website has detailed data collection about which stories are popular and who is reading them. The drive for speedy online postings, some journalists have acknowledged, has altered norms of fact-checking so that verification takes place after publication. Journalists' sometimes unattributed echoing of other news sources can also increase the homogeneity of news feeds. The digital age can accelerate the problem of circular reporting: propagation of the same error through increasingly reliable sources. In 2009, a number of journalists were embarrassed after all reproducing a fictional quotation, originating from Wikipedia. News organizations have historically been male-dominated, though women have acted as journalists since at least the 1880s. The number of female journalists has increased over time, but organizational hierarchies remain controlled mostly by men. Studies of British news organizations estimate that more than 80% of decision-makers are men. Similar studies have found 'old boys' networks' in control of news organizations in the United States and the Netherlands. Further, newsrooms tend to divide journalists by gender, assigning men to "hard" topics like military, crime, and economics, and women to "soft", "humanised" topics. Relationship with institutions For various reasons, news media usually have a close relationship with the state, and often church as well, even when they cast themselves in critical roles. This relationship seems to emerge because the press can develop symbiotic relationships with other powerful social institutions. In the United States, the Associated Press wire service developed a "bilateral monopoly" with the Western Union telegraph company. The news agencies which rose to power in the mid-1800s all had support from their respective governments, and in turn served their political interests to some degree. News for consumption has operated under statist assumptions, even when it takes a stance adversarial to some aspect of a government. In practice, a large proportion of routine news production involves interactions between reporters and government officials. Relatedly, journalists tend to adopt a hierarchical view of society, according to which a few people at the top of organizational pyramids are best situated to comment on the reality which serves as the basisi of news. Broadly speaking, therefore, news tends to normalize and reflect the interests of the power structure dominant in its social context. Today, international non-governmental organizations (NGOs) rival and may surpass governments in their influence on the content of news. State control Governments use international news transmissions to promote the national interest and conduct political warfare, alternatively known as public diplomacy and, in the modern era, international broadcasting. International radio broadcasting came into wide-ranging use by world powers seeking cultural integration of their empires. The British government used BBC radio as a diplomatic tool, setting up Arabic, Spanish and Portuguese services in 1937. American propaganda broadcasters include Voice of America and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, set up during the Cold War and still operating today. The United States remains the world's top broadcaster, although by some accounts it was surpassed for a time by the Soviet Union. Other major international broadcasters include the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Germany, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, North Korea, India, Cuba, and Australia. Around the world (and especially, formerly, in the Soviet bloc), international news sources such as the BBC World Service are often welcomed as alternatives to domestic state-run media. Governments have also funneled programming through private news organizations, as when the British government arranged to insert news into the Reuters feed during and after World War Two. Past revelations have suggested that the U.S. military and intelligence agencies create news stories which they disseminate secretly into the foreign and domestic media. Investigation into the Central Intelligence Agency pursued in the 1970s found that it owned hundreds of news organizations (wire services, newspapers, magazines) outright. Soviet news warfare also involved the creation of front groups, like the International Organization of Journalists. The Russian KGB heavily pursued a strategy of disinformation, planting false stories which made their way to news outlets worldwide. Broadcasts into Iraq before the Second Gulf War mimicked the style of local programming. The US also launched Middle East Broadcasting Networks, featuring the satellite TV station Alhurra and radio station Radio Sawa to beam 24-hour programming to Iraq and environs. Today, Al Jazeera, a TV and internet news network owned by the government of Qatar, has become one of the foremost news sources in the world, appreciated by millions as an alternative to the Western media. State-owned China Central Television operates 18 channels and reaches more than a billion viewers worldwide. Iran's Press TV and Russia's Russia Today, branded as RT, also have multiplatform presences and large audiences. Public relations As distinct from advertising, which deals with marketing distinct from news, public relations involves the techniques of influencing news in order to give a certain impression to the public. A standard public relations tactic, the "third-party technique", is the creation of seemingly independent organizations, which can deliver objective-sounding statements to news organizations without revealing their corporate connections. Public relations agencies can create complete content packages, such as Video News Releases, which are rebroadcast as news without commentary or detail about their origin. Video news releases seem like normal news programming, but use subtle product placement and other techniques to influence viewers. Public relations releases offer valuable newsworthy information to increasingly overworked journalists on deadline. (This pre-organized news content has been called an information subsidy.) The journalist relies on appearances of autonomy and even opposition to established interests—but the public relations agent seek to conceal their client's influence on the news,. Thus, public relations works its magic in secret. Public relations can dovetail with state objectives, as in the case of the 1990 news story about Iraqi soldiers taking "babies out of incubators" in Kuwaiti hospitals. During the Nigerian Civil War, both the federal government and the secessionist Republic of Biafra hired public relations firms, which competed to influence public opinion in the West, and between them established some of the key narratives employed in news reports about the war. Overall, the position of the public relations industry has grown stronger, while the position of news producers has grown weaker. Public relations agents mediate the production of news about all sectors of society. News consumption Over the centuries, commentators on newspapers and society have repeatedly observed widespread human interest in news. Elite members of a society's political and economic institutions might rely on news as one limited source of information, for the masses, news represents a relatively exclusive window onto the operations by which a society is managed. Regular people in societies with news media often spend a lot of time reading or watching news reports. Newspapers became significant aspects of national and literary culture—as exemplified by James Joyce's Ulysses, which derives from the newspapers of 16 June (and thereabouts), 1904, and represents the newspaper office itself as a vital part of life in Dublin. A 1945 study by sociologist Bernard Berelson found that during the 1945 New York newspaper strike, New Yorkers exhibited a virtual addiction to news, describing themselves as "lost", "nervous", "isolated", and "suffering" due to the withdrawal. Television news has become still further embedded in everyday life, with specific programming anticipated at different times of day. Children tend to find the news boring, too serious, or emotionally disturbing. They come to perceive news as characteristic of adulthood, and begin watching television news in their teenage years because of the adult status it confers. People exhibit various forms of skepticism towards the news. Studies of tabloid readers found that many of them gain pleasure from seeing through the obviously fake or poorly constructed stories—and get their "real news" from television. Social and cultural cohesion An important feature distinguishing news from private information transfers is the impression that when one reads (or hears, or watches) it, one joins a larger public. In this regard news serves to unify its receivers under the banner of a culture, or a society, as well as into the sub-demographics of a society targeted by their favorite kind of news. News thus plays a role in nation-building, the construction of a national identity. Images connected with news can also become iconic and gain a fixed role in the culture. Examples such as Alfred Eisenstaedt's photograph V-J Day in Times Square, Nick Ut's photograph of Phan Thi Kim Phuc and other children running from a napalm blast in Vietnam; Kevin Carter's photograph of a starving child being stalked by a vulture; etc. With the new interconnectedness of global media, the experience of receiving news along with a world audience reinforces the social cohesion effect on a larger scale. As a corollary, global media culture may erode the uniqueness and cohesion of national cultures.<ref name=SilverblattZlobin28>Silverblatt & Zlobin, International Communications (2004), pp. 28–31. "A major liability of transnational media conglomerates is the loss of distinctive local culture. Transnational media conglomerates have a distinctly American influence—regardless of their country of origin. For instance, although Bertlesmann is a German-based corporation, in 2001, its largest proportion of its revenue (35 per cent) came from its U.S. media subsidiaries, including Bantam, Doubleday Dell, and Random House publishing companies, Family Circle and McCall's''' magazines, and Arista and RCA record labels."</ref> Public sphere This collective form experience can be understood to constitute a political realm or public sphere.Park, "News as a Form of Knowledge" (1940), p. 677. In this view, the news media constitute a fourth estate which serves to check and balance the operations of government. This idea, at least as a goal to be sought, has re-emerged in the era of global communications. Today, unprecedented opportunities exist for public analysis and discussion of world events. According to one interpretation of the CNN effect, instantaneous global news coverage can rally public opinion as never before to motivate political action. In 1989, local and global communications media-enabled instant exposure to and discussion of the Chinese government's actions in Tiananmen Square. The news about Tiananmen Square travelled over a fax machine, telephone, newspaper, radio, and television, and continued to travel even after the government imposed new restrictions on local telecommunications. News events As the technological means for disseminating news grew more powerful, news became an experience which millions of people could undergo simultaneously. Outstanding news experiences can exert a profound influence on millions of people. Through its power to effect a shared experience, news events can mold the collective memory of a society.Park, "News as a Form of Knowledge" (1940), pp. 685–686. "In fact, the multiplication of the means of communication has brought it about that anyone, even in the most distant part of the world, may now actually participate in events—at least as listener if not as spectator—as they actually take place in some other part of the world. We have recently listened to Mussolini address his fascist followers from a balcony of Rome; we have heard Hitler speaking over the heads of a devout congregation in the Reichstag, in Berlin, not merely to the President, but to the people, of the United States. We have even had an opportunity to hear the terms of the momentous Munich agreement ten seconds after it had been signed by the representatives of four of the leading powers in Europe and the world. The fact that acts so momentous as these can be so quickly and so publicly consummated has suddenly and completely changed the character of international politics so that one can no longer even guess what the future has in store for Europe and for the world." One type of news event, the media event, is a scripted pageant organized for a mass live broadcast. Media events include athletic contests such as the Super Bowl and the Olympics, cultural events like awards ceremonies and celebrity funerals, and also political events such as coronations, debates between electoral candidates, and diplomatic ceremonies. These events typically unfold according to a common format which simplifies the transmission of news items about them. Usually, they have the effect of increasing the perceived unity of all parties involved, which include the broadcasters and audience. Today, international events such as a national declaration of independence can be scripted in advance with the major news agencies, with staff specially deployed to key locations worldwide in advance of the life news broadcast. Public relations companies can participate in these events as well. The perception that an ongoing crisis is taking place further increases the significance of live news. People rely on the news and constantly seek more of it, to learn new information and to seek reassurance amidst feelings of fear and uncertainty. Crises can also increase the effect of the news on social cohesion, and lead the population of a country to "rally" behind its current leadership. The rise of a global news system goes hand in hand with the advent of terrorism and other sensational acts, which have power in proportion to the audience they capture. In 1979, the capture of American hostages in Iran dominated months of news coverage in the western media, gained the status of a "crisis", and influenced a presidential election. South Africans overwhelmingly describe the end of Apartheid as a source of the country's most important news. In the United States, news events such as the assassinations of the 1960s (of John F. Kennedy, Martin Luther King, Jr., and Robert F. Kennedy), the 1969 Moon landing, the 1986 Space Shuttle Challenger explosion, the 1997 death of Princess Diana, the intervention of the Supreme Court in the 2000 presidential election and the 2001 September 11 attacks. In Jordan, people cited numerous memorable news events involving death and war, including the death of King Hussein, Princess Diana, and Yitzhak Rabin. Positive news stories found memorable by Jordanians featured political events affecting their lives and families—such as the Israeli withdrawal from South Lebanon, and the Israel–Jordan peace treaty. News coverage can also shape collective memory in retrospect. A study of Israeli news coverage leading up to the media event of the nation's 60th birthday found that news coverage of events like the Holocaust, World War Two, and subsequent Israeli wars increased the perceived importance of these events in the minds of citizens. News making News making is the act of making the news or doing something that is considered to be newsworthy. When discussing the act of news making, scholars refer to specific models. Five of these models are the Professional Model, Mirror Model, Organizational Model, Political Model, and Civic Journalism Model. The Professional Model is when skilled peoples put certain events together for a specific audience. The reaction of the audience is influential because it can determine the impact that the particular article or newspaper has on the readers. The Mirror Model states that news should reflect reality. This model aims to focus on particular events and provide accuracy in reporting. The Organizational Model is also known as the Bargaining Model. It focuses on influencing various news organizations by applying pressures to governmental processes. The Political Model outlines that news represents the ideological biases of the people as well as the various pressures of the political environment. This model mainly influences journalists and attempts to promote public opinion. The Civic Journalism Model is when the press discovers the concerns of the people and uses that to write stories. This allows the audience to play an active role in society. Models of news making help define what the news is and how it influences readers. But it does not necessarily account for the content of print news and online media. Stories are selected if they have a strong impact, incorporate violence and scandal, are familiar and local, and if they are timely. News Stories with a strong impact can be easily understood by a reader. Violence and scandal create an entertaining and attention-grabbing story. Familiarity makes a story more relatable because the reader knows who is being talked about. Proximity can influence a reader more. A story that is timely will receive more coverage because it is a current event. The process of selecting stories coupled with the models of news making are how the media is effective and impactful in society. Psychological effects Exposure to constant news coverage of war can lead to stress and anxiety. Television coverage of the destruction of the World Trade Center in 2001, which repeated the same footage over and over, led to symptoms of trauma experienced across the United States. Studies have indicated that children have been traumatized by exposure to television of other frightening events, including the Challenger disaster. Journalists themselves also experience trauma and guilt. Research also suggest that constant representations of violence in the news lead people to overestimate the frequency of its occurrence in the real world, thus increasing their level of fear in everyday situations. Influence The content and style of news delivery certainly have effects on the general public, with the magnitude and precise nature of these effects being tough to determine experimentally. In Western societies, television viewing has been so ubiquitous that its total effect on psychology and culture leave few alternatives for comparison. News is the leading source of knowledge about global affairs for people around the world. According to agenda-setting theory, the general public will identify as its priorities those issues which are highlighted on the news. The agenda-setting model has been well-supported by research, which indicate that the public's self-reported concerns respond to changes in news coverage rather than changes in the underlying issue itself. The less an issue obviously affects people's lives, the bigger an influence media agenda-setting can have on their opinion of it. The agenda-setting power becomes even stronger in practice because of the correspondence in news topics promulgated by different media channels. Influence of sponsorship It has been acknowledged that sponsorship has historically influenced various news stories. This history gained widespread attention following the release of the film Anchorman 2. One example in recent time is the fact that Facebook has invested heavily in news sources and purchasing time on local news media outlets. TechCrunch journalist Josh Continue even stated in February 2018 that the company "stole the news business" and used sponsorship to make many news publishers its "ghostwriters." In January 2019, founder Mark Zuckerberg announced that he will spend $300 million in local news buys over a three-year period. See also Toronto School of communication theory Fake news References Sources and further reading Allan, Stuart, News Culture. (2nd ed. McGraw Hill Open University Press, 2004. ) Ayalon, Ami. The Press in the Arab Middle East: A History. (Oxford UP, 1995. ) Bakker, Gerben. "Trading Facts: Arrow's Fundamental Paradox and the Origins of Global News Networks". In: International Communication and Global News Networks: Historical Perspectives. (Hampton Press, 2011). Berkowitz, Dan (ed.) Social Meanings of News: A Text Reader. (SAGE, 1997. ) Boyd-Barrett, Oliver, and Tehri Rantanen (eds.). The Globalization of News. (SAGE, 1998. ). Chakravartty, Paula, and Katharine Sarikakis. Media Policy and Globalization. Palgrave Macmillan, 2006. Cloud, Barbara. The Coming of the Frontier Press: How the West Was Really Won. (Northwestern UP, 2008. ) Cranfield, G.A. The Press and Society: From Caxton to Northcliffe. London: Longman, 1978. Dayan, Daniel, and Elihu Katz. Media Events: The Live Broadcasting of History. Harvard University Press, 1992. Distelrath, Günther. "The Development of the Information and Communication Systems in Germany and Japan up to the End of the Nineteenth Century." Senri Ethnological Studies 52, March 2000. Fang, Irving. A History of Mass Communication: Six Information Revolutions. Boston: Focal Press (Butterworth-Heineman), 1997. Fosu, Modestus. "The Press and Political Participation: Newspapers and the Politics of Linguistic Exclusion and Inclusion in Ghana". Dissertation accepted at University of Leeds Institute of Communication Studies, June 2004. Fowler-Watt, Karen, and Stuart Allan. Journalism: New Challenges v. 1.02. Centre for Journalism & Communications, Bournemouth University, 2013. Geniets, Anne. The Global News Challenge: Market Strategies of International Broadcasting Organizations in Developing Countries. New York: Taylor & Francis (Routledge), 2013. Hachten, William A, with Harva Hachten. The World News Prism: Changing Media of International Communication. Fourth edition. Iowa State University Press, 1996. Heyd, Uriel. Reading newspapers: press and public in eighteenth-century Britain and America. Oxford: Voltaire Foundation, 2012. Hills, Jill. The Struggle for Control of Global Communication: The Formative Century. University of Illinois Press, 2002. John, Richard R., and Jonathan Silberstein-Loeb, eds. Making News: The Political Economy of Journalism in Britain and America from the Glorious Revolution to the Internet (2015). Kallioinen, Mika."Information, communication technology, and business in the nineteenth century: The case of a Finnish merchant house". Scandinavian Economic History Review 52.1, 2004. Kessler, Karlhenz. "'Royal Roads' and Other Questions of the Neo-Assyrian Communication System". Proceedings of the 10th Anniversary Symposium of the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project: Helsinki, 7–11 September 1995. Lampe, Markus, and Florian Ploeckl. "Spanning the Globe: The Rise of Global Communications Systems and First Globalization". Australian Economic History Review 54.3, November 2014. Lim, Hyunyang Kim. "'Take Writing': News, Information, And Documentary Culture in Late Medieval England". Dissertation accepted at University of Maryland, 2006. Manoff, Robert Karl, and Michael Schudson (eds.). Reading The News: A Pantheon Guide to Popular Culture. New York: Pantheon Books, 1986. McCusker, J.J., & C. Gravesteijn. The Beginnings of Commercial and Financial Journalism: The Commodity Price Currents, Exchange Rate Currents, and Money Currents of Early Modern Europe. Amsterdam: Neha, 1991. McNair, Brian. Cultural Chaos: Journalism, news and power in a globalised world. New York: Routledge (Informa), 2006. Milner, Stephen J. "'Fanno bandire, notificare, et expressamente comandare': Town Criers and the Information Economy of Renaissance Florence." I Tatti Studies in the Italian Renaissance 16.1/2, Fall 2013. Mohammadi, Ali (ed.). International Communication and Globalization: A Critical Introduction. London: SAGE, 1997. Neiger, Motti, Oren Myers, and Eyal Zandberg. On Media Memory: Collective Memory in a New Media Age. Houndsmills, Basingstoke, UK: Palgrave Macmillan, 2011. Parenti, Michael. Inventing Reality: The Politics of News Media. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1993. Park, Robert E. "News as a Form of Knowledge: A Chapter in the Sociology of Knowledge", American Journal of Sociology 45.5, March 1940. Palmer, Michael B. International News Agencies (Palgrave Macmillan, Cham, 2019) excerpt Parsons, Wayne. The Power of the Financial Press: Journalism and economic opinion in Britain and America (Edward Elgar, 1989). Perse, Elizabeth M. Media Effects And Society. Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbau Associates, 2001. Pettegree, Andrew. The Invention of News: How the World Came to Know About Itself. New Haven: Yale University Press, 2014. Rampton, Sheldon, and John Stauber. Trust Us, We're Experts: How Industry Manipulates Science and Gambles With Your Future. New York: Jeremy P. Tarcher/Putnam, 2001. Salmon, Lucy Maynard. The Newspaper and the Historian. New York: Oxford University Press (American Branch), 1923. Schudson, Michael. Discovering the News: A Social History of American Newspapers. New York: Basic Books, Inc., 1978. Shoemaker, Pamela J. and Akiba A. Cohen (eds.). News Around the World: Content, Practitioners, and the Public. New York, Routledge, 2006. Silberstein-Loeb, Jonathan. The International Distribution of News: The Associated Press, Press Association, and Reuters, 1848–1947 (2014) Silverblatt, Art, and Nikolai Zlobin. International Communications: A Media Literacy Approach. Armonk, NY: M.E. Sharpe, Inc., 2004. Smith, Anthony. The Newspaper: An International History. London: Thames & Hudson, 1979. Starr, Paul. The Creation of the Media: Political Origins of Modern Communication. New York: Basic Books, 2004. Stephens, Mitchell. A History of News: From the Drum to the Satellite. New York: Viking, 1988. Straubhaar, Joseph, and Robert LaRose. Communications Media in the Information Society. Updated edition. Belmont, CA: Wadsworth Publishing Company (Thompson), 1997. Wenzlhuemer, Roland. Connecting the Nineteenth-Century World: The Telegraph and Globalization. Cambridge University Press, 2013. Wolfe, Thomas C. Governing Soviet Journalism: The Press and the Socialist Person After Stalin. Indiana University Press, 2005. Wood, James. History of International Broadcasting. London: Peter Peregrinus Ltd., 1992. Zhang, Xiantao. The Origins of the Modern Chinese Press: The influence of the Protestant missionary press in late Qing China.'' Abingdon, UK: Routledge, 2007. Zhong, Bu. "Searching for Meaning: Multi-Level Cognitive Processing of News Decision Making Among U.S. and Chinese Journalists". Dissertation accepted at University of Maryland, College Park, 2006. External links Human communication Sociology of knowledge Television terminology
Harken, Inc. is an international manufacturer specializing in performance sailing hardware, headquartered in Pewaukee, Wisconsin, United States. The company was founded in a 60-foot trailer in 1967 by brothers Peter Harken and Olaf Harken. Originally, the brothers manufactured sailboats under the name Vanguard and kept the hardware business separate so they could sell to competing boatbuilders. Gary Comer, founder of Lands' End clothing company, advised and helped them distribute their first blocks by placing them in the Lands' End catalogue. In 1986, Vanguard Sailboats was spun off to Stephen Clark in Rhode Island so that the brothers could focus on hardware. Harken hardware has been a dominant force in the racing segment for many years, making its Olympic and America's Cup debuts in 1976 and 1977, respectively. Harken's primary manufacturing plants are the Pewaukee headquarters and the Italian office in Limido Comasco, Como. Harken has sales and service offices in USA (Rhode Island, California, Florida), France, Japan, Poland, Slovenia, Sweden, Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. Harken equipment may be found on racing boats as small as the 7-foot Optimist (dinghy) to mega yachts and ocean racers. References "Harken Named Company of the Decade." boats.com; December 10, 2000. Decker, Eric. "Harken's Innovation Created International Market for Sailing Gear." Small Business Times; June 23, 2006. Sailing World Hall of Fame, Sailing World Magazine. April 24, 2002. Sailing World Magazine. "Ernst & Young 2008 Entrepreneurs of the Year." Twin Cities Business; August 2008. "Anchored Our Way: Pewaukee sail accessory maker hopes to expand at home." The Milwaukee Journal; August 12, 2007. Rovito, Rich. "Harken Yacht sails high seas of growth." The Business Journal of Milwaukee; June 30, 2006. "Honor roll of U.S. exporters." Business America; March 12, 1990. "Honor roll of U.S. exporters – President's "E" Award." Business America; April 5, 1993. "Saving Sailing." Sailing Anarchy; September 16, 2009. Bednarek, David. "Sailing Around the World: Harken wins National Award for its Success with Exports." The Milwaukee Journal; August 16, 1993. Maloney, Lawrence. "Sailing into the Future." Design News; June 17, 1991. Cole, Tim. "No Sitting Duck." Popular Mechanics; August 1990. "Concept Yacht." Popular Mechanics; August 1986. Quandt, Matt. Local Library Gets an Observatory. Astronomy.com Blog; May 22, 2009. Sailing equipment manufacturers American boat builders Companies based in Wisconsin Waukesha County, Wisconsin
The Standard Interchange Language is a data interchange language standard developed by the Food Distribution Retails Systems Group for the interchange of information between software programs. It is a subset of SQL (Structured Query Language) and acts as an interface standard for transferring data between proprietary store systems like Direct Store Delivery and Point of sale. It was introduced in 1989 in the United States. References External links Expert: standard interchange language Supermarket industry develops common software protocol Constructed languages introduced in the 1980s 1989 introductions SQL Data interchange standards
Cision Ltd. is a public relations and earned media software company and services provider. The company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands and headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. In addition to offering Cision-branded services, the company owns a portfolio of companies including PRNewswire, PRWeb, Bulletin Intelligence, L'Argus de la presse, Help a Reporter Out (HARO), CEDROM-SNI, Prime Research, and Canada Newswire. Products and services Cision provides public relations services to businesses. The company offers social media monitoring and engagement and media publicity services. Cision's software is distributed in seven languages. , it was used by more than 16,000 annual subscribers worldwide, including commercial businesses and governmental, educational and non-profit organizations. Software The company offers three web-based packages: the "CisionMarketing Suite", the "Public Relations Suite" and the "Government Relations and Political Action Committee Suite". The Cision "Public Relations Suite" allows users to distribute press releases, access a database of bloggers and journalists (with no option to opt-out), and monitor and analyze news and social media sites. The company's "Government Relations Suite" manages government contacts, analyzes lobbying activity, facilitates communication with elected officials and provides PAC compliance software for filing reports to the FEC and state elections commissions. Services Through a series of acquisitions, the company provides services in PRWeb, HARO, North Social, Eureka, Vocus, and Media Insight Suite which Cision has continued to operate under the existing brand names. PRWeb is an online press release service. PRWeb services are available through the "Vocus Marketing Suite," the "Vocus PR Suite" or as a separate service. History In 2011, Cision AB sold its Finnish subsidiary Oy Cision Finland AB to M-Brain Group. On September 15, 2014, Cision announced the acquisition of Visible Technologies, a social media analytics company. On October 14, 2014, Cision AB and Vocus announced a "friendly merger" of the two public relations companies. Cision based in Sweden will relocate its headquarters to Chicago and so will Vocus based in Maryland, United States. The company will be based in Chicago and the combined entity will be known as Cision. During 2015, Cision also acquired the UK company Gorkana. Gorkana offered monitoring, journalist databases and analysis services. On December 15, 2015, Cision agreed to acquire PRNewswire from UBM plc for $841 million (approx. £575 million). On June 29, 2017, Cision went public via its reverse merger with special purpose acquisition company Capitol Acquisition Corporation III. On December 26, 2017, Cision agreed to acquire PRIME Research. The acquisition was completed on January 24, 2018. On January 31, 2020, Platinum Equity completed its acquisition of Cision Ltd for $2.7 billion making it private again. In September 2020, Cision named Abel Clark as CEO, replacing interim chief Brandon Crawley. Prior to the appointment, Clark was CEO of TruSight. Cision announced the acquisition of Brandwatch in February 2021 for $450 million. Brandon Crawley returned as interim CEO in February 2022. In April 2022, Cision acquired Streem, an Australia-based realtime media monitoring company. In November 2022, Cision acquired Factmata, a media monitoring and analytics technology company. In January 2023, Cali Tran joined as CEO. See also Viralheat Vocus (software) References External links Companies based in Chicago Marketing companies established in 1867 Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange Public relations companies of the United States Multinational companies headquartered in the United States Press release agencies News agencies based in the United States Private equity portfolio companies Special-purpose acquisition companies Offshore companies of the Cayman Islands
Beehive was a Vietnam war era anti-personnel round packed with metal flechettes fired from an artillery gun most popularly deployed during that conflict. It is also known as flechette rounds or their official designation, antipersonnel-tracer (APERS-T). Typically, artillery gunners fire using indirect fire, firing at targets they cannot see by line of sight, with information provided by a forward observer. However, during the Vietnam War, there was a demand for a munition that could be fired directly at enemy troops, in cases where an artillery unit was attacked. History The flechette rounds were developed under a contract administered by Picatinny Arsenal and let to the Whirlpool Corporation in April 1957. The contract was named the "Beehive Program" referring to the way the flechettes were compartmentalized and stacked, looking like the traditional image of a conical beehive. It was commonly assumed by users in the service that the term referred to a supposed 'buzzing' sound its darts made when flying through the air. The first example was the 105mm howitzer M546 anti-personnel tracer (APERS-T), first fired in combat in 1966 and thereafter used extensively in the Vietnam War. Intended for direct fire against enemy troops, the M546 was direct fired from a near horizontally leveled 105 mm howitzer and ejected 8000 flechettes during flight by a mechanical time fuse. Green starshells were shot into the air prior to their use to warn friendly troops that such a round was being shot. The 105mm howitzer round was not the only artillery piece provided with APERS-T. Beehive rounds were also created for recoilless anti-tank weapons: the 90 mm and 106 mm mounted on the M50 Ontos. APERS-T rounds were available for 90mm gun on M48 tanks and the 152mm gun on the M551 Sheridan armored reconnaissance/airborne assault vehicle. After the Vietnam War the 105mm tank gun M68 was also provided APER-T ammunition M494. APERS-T rounds in 40×46 mm were also available for the M79, M203, and M320 grenade launchers. Subsequently, it was reported that the USSR had developed similar rounds for 122 mm and 152 mm artillery for use in indirect fire. Beehive rounds became less popular in the United States following Vietnam, with low-angle air burst techniques such as Killer Junior supplanting the use of Beehive. See also Canister shot (or case-shot) Lazy Dog (bomb) References Ammunition Artillery operation Anti-personnel weapons
The Lübeck-Travemünde F.2 was a 1910s German reconnaissance floatplane. The F.2 was an improved version of the company's earlier F.1 floatplane and was the first armed aircraft built by Flugzeugwerft Lübeck-Travemünde GmbH, a subsidiary of Deutsche Flugzeug-Werke. The F.2 was a twin-float biplane powered by a 220 hp (164 kW) Mercedes D.IV engine. With a crew of two (pilot and observer), the observer's rear cockpit was fitted with a 7.92 mm (0.31 in) Parabellum machine gun. Eleven aircraft were built. Operators Kaiserliche Marine Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service (F.4) Specifications See also References Notes Bibliography F.2 1910s German military reconnaissance aircraft Single-engined tractor aircraft Biplanes Floatplanes Aircraft first flown in 1914
Third Eye Open is a 1992 album by American funk/rock supergroup Hardware. Hardware consists of lead guitarist Stevie Salas, P-Funk bassist Bootsy Collins, and drummer Buddy Miles, formerly of the Band of Gypsys. The album was produced by Bill Laswell and Salas, and was the first release to be part of Laswell's Black Arc Series, which includes Lord of the Harvest by Zillatron, Out of the Dark by O.G. Funk, and Under the 6 by Slave Master. Album history When the album was first released in Japan on the Polystar label, the band was called The Third Eye and the name of the album was "Hardware". When the album secured distribution in the U.S., it was found that another band had owned the name "The Third Eye". To avoid any further legal hassles, it was opted that the title of the album and the name of band would simply be switched, thus the name of the band would be Hardware and the title of the album became Third Eye Open. The song "Leakin'" is a version of a track that appeared on Collins' 1988 album What's Bootsy Doin'?, which featured Salas playing guitar. On this album, the song is credited to Salas, whereas the previous version is credited to Collins, George Clinton and Trey Stone. Track listing Personnel Stevie Salas – guitars, vocals Bootsy Collins – space bass, vocals Buddy Miles – drums, fuzz bass, vocals George Clinton, Gary "Mudbone" Cooper, Bernard Fowler – background vocals David Friendly, Vince McClean, Matt Stein – digital bollocks Hardware (band) albums 1992 albums Albums produced by Bill Laswell Rykodisc albums
MotionDSP is a Burlingame, California-based company making real-time, GPU-accelerated image processing software for Full Motion Video (FMV) and Wide Area Motion Imagery (WAMI). MotionDSP's “Ikena” family of Windows-based products improve the quality of video from ISR platforms, as well as a variety of video formats such as mobile phones and security cameras (CCTV). "Ikena ISR" is designed for real-time FMV applications (military and homeland security markets), and "Ikena" is designed for forensic video enhancement applications (law enforcement and commercial security markets). MotionDSP's solutions support operational deployments within the US Department of Defense and National Intelligence agencies, and its customers also include the US Air Force, Navy, and some of the world's leading video forensic labs such as the US Secret Service, NCIS, and the London Metropolitan Police (Scotland Yard). On February 22, 2018, Cubic Corporation announced its acquisition of MotionDSP. References External links Wall Street Journal article Video interview with MotionDSP CEO on This Week in Defense News New York Times Article on MotionDSP MotionDSP's Company website Press Release Announcing the NVIDIA Partnership MIT Technology Review article on MotionDSP Film and video technology
Rhapsody III: Memories of Marl Kingdom is a role-playing video game developed and published by Nippon Ichi Software for the PlayStation 2. It is the third installment in the Rhapsody series. Unlike the previous games in the series, this game was only released once, although a special limited edition version of the game was released concurrently. Instead of the 2D graphics of the other Marl games, Memories of Marl Kingdom uses 3D backgrounds. However, the character sprites themselves are kept 2D, much like many other Nippon Ichi games released afterwards. Story Memories of Marl Kingdom, unlike the earlier games in the series, consists of six separate chapters, each of which features different characters from the Rhapsody series. The chapters take place in various times before or after the stories of A Musical Adventure and Ballad of the Little Princess. These chapters often address unanswered questions from the earlier games, or provide additional insight into the characters. Chapters Chapter One: The first chapter is set early in Cornet's adventure in A Musical Adventure and takes place after Ferdinand has been turned to stone. Cornet, Kururu, and Etoile get lost in a forest and end up in a town full of anthropomorphic mushrooms. There, they decide to find a young girl's missing mother. This was one of two scenarios that was included in the DS remake of Rhapsody. Chapter Two: The second chapter takes place four years after Ballad of the Little Princess. Kururu, now sixteen, has decided to marry Cello. In order to get her father to accept Cello as a suitable husband, Kururu has to win the upcoming Miss Marl Kingdom competition. This serves as an epilogue to Little Princess. In this chapter, it is heavily implied that Kururu and Cello will eventually be the parents of Homard from La Pucelle: Tactics. Chapter Three: The third adventure is not firmly established anywhere on the series timeline. The Nyankos of the Marjoly Family have gone missing, and the four women set out to find why they have disappeared. Chapter Four: The fourth chapter takes place immediately before the events in Ballad of the Little Princess. Pekonyan, a servant of the Akurjo Family, is in love with Pokonyan, a Nyanko for the Marjoly Family. Pekonyan is distraught when she realizes that the Akurjo Family is going to war with the Marjoly Family, and decides to assassinate Akurjo before this happens. Chapter Five: The fifth and longest chapter in the game takes place thousands of years before A Musical Adventure and, due to its length, is the only chapter in the game to be broken into multiple sub-chapters. This chapter follows Cherie's life from start to finish, from the last days of the Ancient civilization, to the birth of Cornet, to Cherie's death. This is the second bonus chapter to be included in the DS remake of A Musical Adventure. Chapter Six: The sixth chapter is a bonus boss rush event. In this chapter, every single playable character from every chapter is brought together, regardless of when or where their stories take place, to defeat the Dark Lord. Gameplay Tenshi no Present is a typical RPG, complete with experience points, parties of characters, and spell casting. In each chapter, the player guides different characters through their adventure, engaging in several battles along the way. Battle The battle system is completely different from earlier Marl games. The player's party consists of up to 12 characters divided into rows of 4. The player can only have direct control of the row leaders. The other characters in each row, called "partners," cannot normally be controlled and attack randomly. The only characters that can be controlled even when they are not in the front row are puppets, and they can only be controlled by Cornet, Cello, Kururu or Cherie. The party consists of humans, puppet users, puppets and monsters. Each character, when acting as a partner, will raise or lower the statistics of the row leader. Depending on party organization, special attacks can be unlocked for the row leader. Instead of paying for spells like in Ballad of the Little Princess, the characters use SP for spell casting. Legacy Along with Rhapsody: A Musical Adventure and Rhapsody II: Ballad of the Little Princess, this game is part of the Marl Kingdom series created by Nippon Ichi. It is also the prequel to the later Nippon Ichi game La Pucelle: Tactics. Although released on a different system with a new battle system, Memories of Marl Kingdom maintains many of the themes of the previous games. The graphics remain bright and colorful, but backgrounds are now in 3D. Official localization was announced by NIS America on January 30, 2023 as a part of Rhapsody: Marl Kingdom Chronicles. Soundtrack A soundtrack of the game's song was released on February 21, 2001. Like the other Marl games, the music was composed by Tenpei Sato. Notes References External links Role-playing video games Japan-exclusive video games Marl Kingdom PlayStation 2 games PlayStation Network games Video game prequels Video game sequels Video games developed in Japan Nippon Ichi Software games 2000 video games Single-player video games Video games scored by Tenpei Sato
Equis may refer to: EFMD Quality Improvement System (or EQUIS), an international system of assessment and accreditation of higher education institutions in management and business administration run by the European Foundation for Management Development Equis International (or Equis) a Thomson Reuters software company which produces technical analysis software used in stock markets Equis, album by Uruguayan rock band Snake X, known as equis in the Spanish alphabet
In computing, Nano-X is a windowing system which is full featured enough to be used on a PC, an embedded system or a PDA. It is an Open Source project aimed at bringing the features of modern graphical windowing environments to smaller devices and platforms. The project was renamed from Microwindows due to legal threats from Microsoft regarding the Windows trademark. Overview The Nano-X Window System is extremely portable, and completely written in C. It has been ported to the Intel 16, 32 and 64 bit CPUs, the Broadcom BCM2837 ARM Cortex-A53, as well as MIPS R4000 (NEC Vr41xx) StrongARM and PowerPC chips found on handheld and pocket PCs. The Nano-X Window System currently runs on Linux systems with kernel framebuffer support, or using an X11 driver that allows Microwindows applications to be run on top of the X Window desktop. This driver emulates all of Microwindows' truecolor and palette modes so that an application can be previewed using the target system's display characteristics directly on the desktop display, regardless of the desktop display characteristics. In addition, it has been ported to Windows, Emscripten, Android (based on the Allegro library), and MS-DOS. Microwindows screen drivers have been written based on the SDL1 and SDL2 libraries plus the Allegro and SVGAlib libraries. There are also a VESA and a VGA 16 color 4 planes driver. Architecture Layered Design Microwindows is essentially a layered design that allows different layers to be used or rewritten to suit the needs of the implementation. At the lowest level, screen, mouse/touchpad and keyboard drivers provide access to the actual display and other user-input hardware. At the mid level, a portable graphics engine is implemented, providing support for line draws, area fills, polygons, clipping and color models. At the upper level, three API's are implemented providing access to the graphics applications programmer. Currently, Microwindows supports the Xlib, Nano-X and Windows Win32/WinCE GDI APIs. These APIs provide close compatibility with the Win32 and X Window systems, however, with reduced functionality. These APIs allow programs to be ported from other systems easily. Device Drivers The device driver interfaces are defined in device.h. A given implementation of Microwindows will link at least one screen, mouse and keyboard driver into the system. The mid level routines in the device-independent graphics engine core then call the device driver directly to perform the hardware-specific operations. This setup allows varying hardware devices to be added to the Microwindows system without affecting the way the entire system works. Application programmer interfaces Microwindows currently supports three different application programming interfaces (APIs). This set of routines handles client–server activity, window manager activities like drawing title bars, close boxes, etc., as well as handling the programmer's requests for graphics output. These APIs run on top of the core graphics engine routines and device drivers. NX11 API The NX11 API is compliant with the X Window API. It is based on the Nano-X API and provides Xlib functions using the functions available in the Nano-X API. It can be compiled as a separate library or together with Nano-X library as a single library called libPX11. In all it provides 180 Xlib functions and stubs for additional functions not implemented. Based on the NX11 API the FLTK graphical user interface library can be used to provide a GUI for application programs. The Nanolinux distribution uses the NX11 API and FLTK to implement a Linux operating system using 19 MB of disk space. Nano-X API The Nano-X API is modeled after the mini-x server written initially by David Bell, which was a reimplementation of X on the MINIX operating system. It loosely follows the X Window System Xlib API, but the names all being with GrXXX() rather than X...(). The basic model of any API on top of Microwindows is to initialize the screen, keyboard and mouse drivers, then hang in a select() loop waiting for an event. When an event occurs, if it is a system event like keyboard or mouse activity, then this information is passed to the user program converted to an expose event, paint message, etc. If it is a user requesting a graphics operation, then the parameters are decoded and passed to the appropriate GdXXX engine routine. Note that the concept of a window versus raw graphics operations is handled at this API level. That is, the API defines the concepts of what a window is, what the coordinate systems are, etc., and then the coordinates are all converted to "screen coordinates" and passed to the core GdXXX engine routines to do the real work. This level also defines graphics or display contexts and passes that information, including clipping information, to the core engine routines. Microwindows API The API which tries to be compliant with the Microsoft Win32 and WinCE GDI standard is the Microwindows API. Currently, there is support for most of the graphics drawing and clipping routines, as well as automatic window title bar drawing and dragging windows for movement. The Microwindows API is message-based, and allows programs to be written without regard to the eventual window management policies implemented by the system. The Microwindows API is not currently client/server. The fundamental communications mechanism in the Microwindows API is the message. A message consists of a well-known message number, and two parameters, known as wParam and lParam. Messages are stored in an application's message-queue, and retrieved via the GetMessage function. The application blocks while waiting for a message. There are messages that correspond to hardware events, like WM_CHAR for keyboard input or WM_LBUTTONDOWN for mouse button down. In addition, events signaling window creation and destruction WM_CREATE and WM_DESTROY are sent. In most cases, a message is associated with a window, identified as an HWND. After retrieving the message, the application sends the message to the associated window's handling procedure using DispatchMessage. When a window class is created, its associated message handling procedure is specified, so the system knows where to send the message. The message-passing architecture allows the core API to manage many system functions by sending messages on all sorts of events, like window creation, painting needed, moving, etc. By default, the associated window handling function gets a "first pass" at the message, and then calls the DefWindowProc function, which handles default actions for all the messages. In this way, all windows can behave the same way when dragged, etc., unless specifically overridden by the user. Major window management policies can be redefined by merely re-implementing DefWindowProc, rather than making changes throughout the system. The basic unit of screen organization in Microwindows API is the window. Windows describe an area of the screen to draw onto, as well as an associate "window procedure" for handling messages destined for this window. Applications programmers can create windows from pre-defined classes, like buttons, edit boxes, and the like, or define their own window classes. In both cases, the method of creating and communicating with the windows remains exactly the same. History Nano-X's origin is with NanoGUI. NanoGUI was created by Alex Holden by taking David Bell's mini-X server and Alan Cox's modifications and adding client/server networking. Gregory Haerr then took interest in the NanoGUI project and began making extensive enhancements and modifications to NanoGUI. Around version 0.5, Gregory Haerr added support for multiple API's, and began distributing Microwindows. In Microwindows 0.84, all previous NanoGUI changes were incorporated and since then has been the combined NanoGUI/Microwindows distribution. In January 2005, the system changed its name to the Nano-X Window System. Because Nano-X just loosely follows the X Window System Xlib API, an additional interface was developed named NXlib, which provides an Xlib compatible API based on Nano-X. References External links Microwindows on GitHub for the latest version Microwindows.org website Introduction to Microwindows Programming Introduction to Microwindows Programming, Part 2 Introduction to Microwindows Programming, Part 3 Application programming interfaces X Window System C (programming language) libraries Programming tools
The Belbin Team Inventory, also called Belbin Self-Perception Inventory (BSPI) or Belbin Team Role Inventory (BTRI), is a behavioural test. It was devised by Raymond Meredith Belbin to measure preference for nine Team Roles; he had identified eight of these whilst studying numerous teams at Henley Management College. The Inventory assesses how an individual behaves in a team environment. The assessment includes 360-degree feedback from observers as well as the individual's own evaluation of their behaviour, and contrasts how they see their behaviour with how their colleagues do. Belbin himself asserts that the Team Roles are not equivalent to personality types, and that unlike the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, which is a psychometric instrument used to sort people into one of 16 personality types, the Belbin Inventory scores people on how strongly they express behavioural traits from nine different Team Roles. A person may and often does exhibit strong tendencies towards multiple roles. History Belbin first began studying teams at Henley Management College in the 1960s. Over a period of ten years, he carried out extended observational research to determine which factors influenced team failure or success. A management game was designed to reproduce work life. It contained all the principal variables that typify the problems of decision-making in a business environment. The experiment was designed along scientific lines with careful measurement at each stage. Those participating were invited to take a battery of psychometric tests and teams were assembled on the basis of test scores. At first, Belbin hypothesised that high-intellect teams would succeed where lower-intellect teams would not. However, the outcome of this research was that certain teams, predicted to be excellent based on intellect, failed to fulfil their potential. In fact, it became apparent by looking at the various combinations that it was not intellect, but balance, which enabled a team to succeed. The most successful companies tended to be those with a mix of different people, i.e. those with a range of different behaviours. In fact, nine separate clusters of behaviour turned out to be distinctive and useful, with the balance required dependent on the purpose and objectives of the team. Application and use The Belbin Team Inventory first appeared in Belbin's book Management Teams: Why They Succeed or Fail (1981). The inventory is protected by Belbin's copyright and cannot be reproduced in any form. Additionally, it is not normed, lacks the Specialist role and the benefit of feedback from colleagues, and does not offer Team Role feedback. Much early research is based upon this now obsolete version of the inventory. In the initial research, eight team-role behavioural styles were identified -- Chairman, Shaper, Plant, Monitor-Evaluator, Company Worker, Resource Investigator, Team Worker, and Completer-Finisher. The current schema has been refined to include a ninth style -- Specialist—and in addition has renamed the Chairman behavioural style Co-ordinator and the Company Worker style Implementer (probably more for reasons of 'political correctness' rather than any identified changes in behaviour of people in these classifications). Belbin now administers the refined Belbin Team Inventory via e-interplace, a computerised system which scores and norms the data to produce feedback reports for individuals, teams, groups and jobs. Meredith Belbin argues that the optimum size for a team is 4 people. Beyond this number, individuals do not work closely enough together to constitute a team and are defined as a group. Data from the Belbin Team Inventory can also be amalgamated and interpreted to assess how effectively a team is likely to work together, including selecting the best candidate to fulfil each role, and identifying gaps and overlaps in the Team Role distribution which might affect a team's success. The Belbin Team Inventory can also be used in conjunction with the Belbin Job Requirements Inventory to assess a candidate's behavioural performance in a particular job. Belbin Team Roles Plant Plants are creative, unorthodox and generators of ideas. If an innovative solution to a problem is needed, a Plant is a good person to ask. A good Plant will be bright and free-thinking. Plants can tend to ignore incidentals. The Plant might be caricatured as the absent-minded professor/inventor, and often has a hard time communicating ideas to others. Multiple Plants in a team can lead to misunderstandings, as many ideas are generated without sufficient discernment or the impetus to follow the ideas through to action. Plants can also create problems with the timing of their ideas. The fact that the team has decided on a valid way forward and is now in the implementation stage will not stop the Plant from coming up with new solutions and disrupting the implementation process. Belbin observed, "We called these clever people plants, because the chaps at Henley insisted we plant one in each group". Resource Investigator The Resource Investigator gives a team a rush of enthusiasm at the start of the project by vigorously pursuing contacts and opportunities. He or she is focused outside the team, and has a finger firmly on the pulse of the outside world. Whereas a Plant creates new ideas, a Resource Investigator will quite happily appropriate them from other companies or people. A good Resource Investigator is a maker of possibilities and an excellent networker, but has a tendency to lose momentum towards the end of a project and to forget to follow things up. Co-ordinator A Co-ordinator is a likely candidate for the chairperson of a team, since they have a talent for stepping back to see the big picture. Co-ordinators are confident, stable and mature and because they recognise abilities in others, they are very good at delegating tasks to the right person for the job. The Co-ordinator clarifies decisions, helping everyone else focus on their tasks. Co-ordinators are sometimes perceived to be manipulative and will tend to delegate all work, leaving nothing but the delegating for them to do. Shaper The Shaper is a task-focused individual who pursues objectives with vigour and who is driven by tremendous energy and the need to achieve. For the Shaper, winning is the name of the game. The Shaper provides the necessary drive to ensure that the team is kept moving and does not lose focus or momentum. Shapers are people who challenge the team to improve. They are dynamic and usually extraverted people who enjoy stimulating others, questioning norms, and finding the best approaches for solving problems. The Shaper is the one who shakes things up to make sure that all possibilities are considered and that the team does not become complacent. Shapers could risk becoming aggressive and bad-humoured in their attempts to get things done. Shapers often see obstacles as exciting challenges and they tend to have the courage to push on when others feel like quitting. Monitor Evaluator Monitor Evaluators are fair and logical observers and judges of what is going on in the team. Since they are good at detaching themselves from bias, they are often the ones to see all available options with the greatest clarity and impartiality. They take a broad view when problem-solving, and by moving slowly and analytically, will almost always come to the right decision. However, they can become very critical, damping enthusiasm for anything without logical grounds, and they have a hard time inspiring themselves or others to be passionate about their work. Teamworker A Teamworker acts as the "oil" between the cogs that keep the machine that is the team running smoothly. They are good listeners and diplomats, talented at smoothing over conflicts and helping parties understand one another without becoming confrontational. Since the role can be a low-profile one, the beneficial effect of a Teamworker can go unnoticed and unappreciated until they are absent, when the team begins to argue, and small but important things cease to happen. Because of an unwillingness to take sides, a Teamworker may not be able to take decisive action when needed. Implementer The Implementer takes their colleagues' suggestions and ideas and turns them into positive action. They are efficient and self-disciplined, and can always be relied on to deliver on time. They are motivated by their loyalty to the team or company, which means that they will often take on jobs everyone else avoids or dislikes. However, they may be seen as closed-minded and inflexible since they will often have difficulty deviating from their own well-thought-out plans, especially if such a deviation compromises efficiency or threatens well-established practices. Completer Finisher The Completer Finisher is a perfectionist and will often go the extra mile to make sure everything is "just right," and the things he or she delivers can be trusted to have been double-checked and then checked again. The Completer Finisher has a strong inward sense of the need for accuracy, and sets his or her own high standards rather than working on the encouragement of others. They may frustrate their teammates by worrying excessively about minor details and by refusing to delegate tasks that they do not trust anyone else to perform. Specialist Specialists are passionate about learning in their own particular field. As a result, they are likely to be a fountain of knowledge and will enjoy imparting this knowledge to others. They also strive to improve and build upon their expertise. If there is anything they do not know the answer to, they will happily go and find out. Specialists bring a high level of concentration, ability, and skill in their discipline to the team, but can only contribute on that specialism and will tend to be uninterested in anything which lies outside its narrow confines. The Belbin Team Inventory was revised to include the Specialist role, since the role was not revealed in the original research because no specialized knowledge was required for the simulation exercise. Validity and reliability Following the introduction of Belbin's approach to Team Role analysis in 1981, an independent study of the psychometric properties of the instruments was published in 1993 in the Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology. Belbin took to task the authors, Furnham, Steele and Pendleton and the Journal provided Furnham space to reply. Belbin argued that the instruments were not intended for scholarly inquiry, but to inform management consulting practices. Additionally, Belbin maintains that the Belbin Team Inventory is not a psychometric instrument and hence applying tests for psychometric properties are irrelevant. There have been several other scholarly studies of the validity and reliability of Belbin's approach over the nearly 26 years since the Furnham-Belbin exchange, most of which have used the inventory in its original form. Fisher, Hunter & MacRosson (2001, June) argue that Furnham's approach (also discussed in Fisher, Macrosson & Sharp (1996)) has fundamental problems in the definitions of several of the eight roles (see also Broucek & Randall (1996) for a more detailed treatment of this problem). Both the Fisher, et al. (2001) and the earlier Broucek & Randall (1996) find that observational and factor analytical approaches yield five rather than eight role constructs. Fisher, et al. go on to argue that this coherence of the five traits of teams is backed up by earlier research by Barrick & Mount (1991). The original research into the Belbin Team Roles was conducted with the old, copyrighted, eight-role version that was intended for an individual's own interest rather than for use as a tool. More recent studies using normed data from Belbin's e-interplace system, such as that by Aritzeta, Swailes and Senior (2004) have found higher correlations and reliability, as well as distinct analytical constructs using the online, normed, nine-role tool with observers added to give 360-degree feedback (enhancing construct validity by providing "real-world" data). Swailes and McIntyre-Bhatty also argued (2001 & 2002) that traditional attempts to measure reliability have been misapplied when it comes to the Belbin Team Role Inventory because it is neither ipsative nor non-ipsative, and an equation that took this anomaly into account gave higher estimates of reliability and validity. Educational applications The Belbin Team Inventory is used in educational settings, including higher education. Smith, Polglase & Parry (2012) applied the Belbin team role self and observer perceptions to a large cohort (145) of undergraduate students in a module assessed through two separate group projects. Students self-selected groups for the first project; for the second, groups were more 'balanced'. Results showed a slight improvement in group performance compared with that of previous cohorts, with a significant increase in first-class grades. No evidence was found linking group balance to performance; however, students recognized the value of their Belbin report when entering the job market. Other team role inventories Team Management Profile (TMP) A competitor to the Belbin system, developed independently in Australia by Charles Margerison and Dick McCann, is the Margerison–McCann Team Management Profile. This can be shown as a similar wheel with rather similar roles, whose titles however are different. The company states: "Independent British Psychological Society reviews (1995, 2000 and 2003) on the Team Management Profile are available" Star Roles Model The Star Roles Model is used by organisations to describe the positions managers and mentors adopt when guiding direct-reports and mentees. The concept builds on the Group Roles model developed by Benne & Sheats in 1948, taking a short-cut route to describing preferences when guiding others. Similarly, the Roles Model follows the Mintzberg 10 management positions – drawing in the most relevant elements when considering the mentoring relationship in detail. See also Collaboration Group behavior Organization Science Six Thinking Hats Theory of multiple intelligences References External links Belbin website Using Belbin's leadership role to improve team effectiveness: An empirical investigation Collaboration Personality tests
Cyril Lionel Houri (born April 1969 in Meudon, Hauts-de-Seine, France) is a New York-based entrepreneur who has founded two geolocation technology companies: InfoSplit, Inc. and Mexens Technology Inc. (now called Navizon). Houri has designed IP address geolocation, WiFi and cellular positioning technologies, and has testified as an expert witness on location-based technology in LICRA vs. Yahoo!. Houri was educated in Paris before graduating with an MS degree in both engineering and computer science from the National Polytechnic Institute of Toulouse, France in 1992. He moved to New York City in 1996 to take a job designing financial software. In 1999, Houri founded InfoSplit Inc., a pioneer in IP geolocation, which identifies the geographic location of an Internet user. Houri designed and patented some of the technology that is now commonly used to geolocate website visitors. Houri's patent is now co-owned by Microsoft and Quova. In 2000, Yahoo! was sued by two French anti-racism groups demanding that Yahoo! France prevent French web users from accessing English-language auction sites offering Nazi memorabilia, which are illegal in France. Yahoo! argued in court that it was technically impossible to block only French web surfers from the site. Houri was called to testify on behalf of the plaintiff groups and demonstrated that geolocation technology could be used to block at least 90% of France-based users from accessing the offending Yahoo! sites. The court ruled for the plaintiffs and ordered Yahoo! to block French web users from accessing the unlawful content. In 2004, Houri sold InfoSplit to Quova, a larger California-based geolocation company. Shortly thereafter, he launched Mexens Technology, Inc. and created Navizon, a wireless positioning system for handheld devices that triangulates signals from cellular tower and/or Wi-Fi access points to pinpoint the user's location. Navizon is based on a collaborative database compiled by users with GPS devices who collect positional information of Wi-Fi hotspots and cellular signals. References Who Controls the Internet? Illusions of a Borderless World (2006) New York Times - Business -Apple to open IPhone programming to outsiders Wired Magazine June 2007 Issue -Lost and found in Manhattan Gizmodo September 2007 -Navizon faux GPS Hacks for IPhone works and is awesome External links Navizon Official Website Mexens Technology Official Website Cyril Houri's Official Blog Quova Official Website 1969 births Living people People from Meudon French engineers
In the x86 assembly programming language, MOVDDUP is the name for a specific action performable by modern x86 processors with 3rd-generation Streaming SIMD Extensions (SSE3). This action involves copying a number to temporary space in the processor for use in other computations. Specifically, MOVDDUP causes one, double-precision, floating-point source to be copied to both the lower half and upper half of an XMM register. Usage The source operand can be either an XMM register (xmm2) or a memory address (m64). When the source operand is an XMM register, the lower half of the register is used in the operation. When the source operand is a memory address, it is assumed to be the address of an 8-byte region, the value at which is used in the operation. The destination operand must be an XMM register (xmm1). Potential exceptions References documentation. Intel 64 and IA-32 Architectures Software Developer's Manual Volume 2A: Instruction Set Reference, A-M, November, 2006. https://software.intel.com/sites/landingpage/IntrinsicsGuide/ See also MOVAPS/MOVAPD MOVHLPS MOVHPS/MOVHPD MOVLHPS MOVLPS/MOVLPD MOVMSKPS/MOVMSKPD MOVNTPS MOVSHDUP MOVSLDUP MOVSS/MOVSD MOVUPS/MOVUPD x86 instruction listings X86 instructions
There are several forms of software used to help users or organizations better manage passwords: Intended for use by a single user: Password manager software is used by individuals to organize and encrypt many personal passwords using a single login. This often involves the use of an encryption key as well. Password managers are also referred to as password wallets. Intended for use by a multiple users/groups of users: Password synchronization software is used by organizations to arrange for different passwords, on different systems, to have the same value when they belong to the same person. Self-service password reset software enables users who forgot their password or triggered an intruder lockout to authenticate using another mechanism and resolve their own problem, without calling an IT help desk. Enterprise Single signon software monitors applications launched by a user and automatically populates login IDs and passwords. Web single signon software intercepts user access to web applications and either inserts authentication information into the HTTP(S) stream or redirects the user to a separate page, where the user is authenticated and directed back to the original URL. Privileged password management (used to secure access to shared, privileged accounts). Privileged password management Privileged password management is a type of password management used to secure the passwords for login IDs that have elevated security privileges. This is most often done by periodically changing every such password to a new, random value. Since users and automated software processes need these passwords to function, privileged password management systems must also store these passwords and provide various mechanisms to disclose these passwords in a secure and appropriate manner. Privileged password management is related to privileged identity management. Examples of privileged passwords There are three main types of privileged passwords. They are used to authenticate: Local administrator accounts On Unix and Linux systems, the root user is a privileged login account. On Windows, the equivalent is Administrator. On SQL databases, the equivalent is sa. In general, most operating systems, databases, applications and network devices include an administrative login, used to install software, configure the system, manage users, apply patches, etc. On some systems, different privileged functions are assigned to different users, which means that there are more privileged login accounts, but each of them is less powerful. Service accounts On the Windows operating system, service programs execute in the context of either system (very privileged but has no password) or of a user account. When services run as a non-system user, the service control manager must provide a login ID and password to run the service program so service accounts have passwords. On Unix and Linux systems, init and inetd can launch service programs as non-privileged users without knowing their passwords so services do not normally have passwords. Connections by one application to another Often, one application needs to be able to connect to another, to access a service. A common example of this pattern is when a web application must log into a database to retrieve some information. These inter-application connections normally require a login ID and password and this password. Securing privileged passwords A privileged password management system secures privileged passwords by: Periodically changing each password to a new random value. Storing these values. Protecting the stored values (e.g., using encryption and replicated storage). Providing mechanisms to disclose these passwords to various types of participants in the system: IT administrators. Programs that launch services (e.g., service control manager on Windows). Applications that must connect to other applications. Required infrastructure A privileged password management system requires extensive infrastructure: A mechanism to schedule password changes. Connectors to various kinds of systems. Mechanism to update various participants with new password values. Extensive auditing. Encrypted storage. Authentication for parties that wish to retrieve password values. Access controls and authorization to decide whether password disclosure is appropriate. Replicated storage to ensure that hardware failure or a site disaster does not lead to loss of data. See also Password manager List of password managers Password fatigue Security token Smart card References Password authentication Identity management
QGtkStyle is an open-source startup project to create a GTK+ layer for Qt-based applications running on GTK2-based desktops. It intends to make Qt applications blend perfectly into GTK-based desktop environments such as GNOME. QGtkStyle currently requires gtk2 development packages and Qt 4.4 and can be freely downloaded from SVN repository of Trolltech Labs. Released under the terms of GNU General Public License 3. QGtkStyle was incorporated in Qt starting with version 4.5. See also GTK-Qt (GTK-Qt at kde-look.org) QtCurve (QtCurve at kde-look.org) References External links QGtkStyle at Trolltech Labs QGtkStyle at Google Code Introducing QGtkStyle by Thom Holwerda at OSNews, May 15, 2008 QGtkStyle Offers Native Gtk Look For Qt Programs at Slashdot, May 15, 2008 GNOME GTK KDE Qt (software) Widget toolkits X Window System
Tunatic is a freeware music identification program developed by Sylvain Demongeot for Windows and Mac OS. The software analyzes a song by recording it via microphone or just by playing it through the sound card, and then it sends the data online to its database where it searches for a match. Tunatic will return the title of the song and the author along with a link for more information if a match is found. The database is created with information that users can upload with a program called Tunalyzer (available for Mac only). The website and programs do not appear to have been updated since 2010. References External links Wildbits.com - Tunatic Wildbits.com - Tunalyzer Acoustic fingerprinting Music search engines
Hipcrime may refer to: The Hipcrime Vocab, a fictional book in the 1968 novel Stand on Zanzibar Hipcrime (Usenet), a notorious Usenet vandal, and the software presumably written by this individual.
MSCP may be an abbreviation for: Mass Storage Control Protocol, a software protocol developed by Digital Equipment Corporation Math and Science College Preparatory, a secondary school in Los Angeles, California, USA Mean Spherical Candle Power, a unit of measure that represents the average output of a light source measured in all directions (360°) Melbourne School of Continental Philosophy, an independent school based at the University of Melbourne, Australia Multi-storey car park, a chiefly British abbreviation for an automobile parking structure Manipur State Congress Party, is former political party in the Indian state of Manipur.
AppleTalk is a discontinued proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by Apple Computer for their Macintosh computers. AppleTalk includes a number of features that allow local area networks to be connected with no prior setup or the need for a centralized router or server of any sort. Connected AppleTalk-equipped systems automatically assign addresses, update the distributed namespace, and configure any required inter-networking routing. AppleTalk was released in 1985 and was the primary protocol used by Apple devices through the 1980s and 1990s. Versions were also released for the IBM PC and compatibles and the Apple IIGS. AppleTalk support was also available in most networked printers (especially laser printers), some file servers, and a number of routers. The rise of TCP/IP during the 1990s led to a reimplementation of most of these types of support on that protocol, and AppleTalk became unsupported as of the release of Mac OS X v10.6 in 2009. Many of AppleTalk's more advanced autoconfiguration features have since been introduced in Bonjour, while Universal Plug and Play serves similar needs. History AppleNet After the release of the Apple Lisa computer in January 1983, Apple invested considerable effort in the development of a local area networking (LAN) system for the machines. Known as AppleNet, it was based on the seminal Xerox XNS protocol stack but running on a custom 1 Mbit/s coaxial cable system rather than Xerox's 2.94 Mbit/s Ethernet. AppleNet was announced early in 1983 with a full introduction at the target price of $500 for plug-in AppleNet cards for the Lisa and the Apple II. At that time, early LAN systems were just coming to market, including Ethernet, Token Ring, Econet, and ARCNET. This was a topic of major commercial effort at the time, dominating shows like the National Computer Conference (NCC) in Anaheim in May 1983. All of the systems were jockeying for position in the market, but even at this time, Ethernet's widespread acceptance suggested it was to become a de facto standard. It was at this show that Steve Jobs asked Gursharan Sidhu a seemingly innocuous question: "Why has networking not caught on?" Four months later, in October, AppleNet was cancelled. At the time, they announced that "Apple realized that it's not in the business to create a networking system. We built and used AppleNet in-house, but we realized that if we had shipped it, we would have seen new standards coming up." In January, Jobs announced that they would instead be supporting IBM's Token Ring, which he expected to come out in a "few months". AppleBus Through this period, Apple was deep in development of the Macintosh computer. During development, engineers had made the decision to use the Zilog 8530 serial controller chip (SCC) instead of the lower-cost and more common UART to provide serial port connections. The SCC cost about $5 more than a UART, but offered much higher speeds of up to 250 kilobits per second (or higher with additional hardware) and internally supported a number of basic networking-like protocols like IBM's Bisync. The SCC was chosen because it would allow multiple devices to be attached to the port. Peripherals equipped with similar SCCs could communicate using the built-in protocols, interleaving their data with other peripherals on the same bus. This would eliminate the need for more ports on the back of the machine, and allowed for the elimination of expansion slots for supporting more complex devices. The initial concept was known as AppleBus, envisioning a system controlled by the host Macintosh polling "dumb" devices in a fashion similar to the modern Universal Serial Bus. AppleBus networking The Macintosh team had already begun work on what would become the LaserWriter and had considered a number of other options to answer the question of how to share these expensive machines and other resources. A series of memos from Bob Belleville clarified these concepts, outlining the Mac, LaserWriter, and a file server system which would become the Macintosh Office. By late 1983 it was clear that IBM's Token Ring would not be ready in time for the launch of the Mac, and might miss the launch of these other products as well. In the end, Token Ring would not ship until October 1985. Jobs' earlier question to Sidhu had already sparked a number of ideas. When AppleNet was cancelled in October, Sidhu led an effort to develop a new networking system based on the AppleBus hardware. This new system would not have to conform to any existing preconceptions, and was designed to be worthy of the Mac – a system that was user-installable, had zero configuration, and no fixed network addresses – in short, a true plug-and-play network. Considerable effort was needed, but by the time the Mac was released, the basic concepts had been outlined, and some of the low-level protocols were on their way to completion. Sidhu mentioned the work to Belleville only two hours after the Mac was announced. The "new" AppleBus was announced in early 1984, allowing direct connection from the Mac or Lisa through a small box that is plugged into the serial port and connected via cables to the next computer upstream and downstream. Adaptors for Apple II and Apple III were also announced. Apple also announced that AppleBus networks could be attached to, and would appear to be a single node within, a Token Ring system. Details of how this would work were sketchy. AppleTalk Personal Network Just prior to its release in early 1985, AppleBus was renamed AppleTalk. Initially marketed as AppleTalk Personal Network, it comprised a family of network protocols and a physical layer. The physical layer had a number of limitations, including a speed of only 230.4 kbit/s, a maximum distance of from end to end, and only 32 nodes per LAN. But as the basic hardware was built into the Mac, adding nodes only cost about $50 for the adaptor box. In comparison, Ethernet or Token Ring cards cost hundreds or thousands of dollars. Additionally, the entire networking stack required only about 6 kB of RAM, allowing it to run on any Mac. The relatively slow speed of AppleTalk allowed further reductions in cost. Instead of using RS-422's balanced transmit and receive circuits, the AppleTalk cabling used a single common electrical ground, which limited speeds to about 500 kbit/s, but allowed one conductor to be removed. This meant that common three-conductor cables could be used for wiring. Additionally, the adaptors were designed to be "self-terminating", meaning that nodes at the end of the network could simply leave their last connector unconnected. There was no need for the wires to be connected back together into a loop, nor the need for hubs or other devices. The system was designed for future expansion; the addressing system allowed for expansion to 255 nodes in a LAN (although only 32 could be used at that time), and by using "bridges" (which came to be known as "routers", although technically not the same) one could interconnect LANs into larger collections. "Zones" allowed devices to be addressed within a bridge-connected internet. Additionally, AppleTalk was designed from the start to allow use with any potential underlying physical link, and within a few years, the physical layer would be renamed LocalTalk, so as to differentiate it from the AppleTalk protocols. The main advantage of AppleTalk was that it was completely maintenance-free. To join a device to a network, a user simply plugged the adaptor into the machine, then connected a cable from it to any free port on any other adaptor. The AppleTalk network stack negotiated a network address, assigned the computer a human-readable name, and compiled a list of the names and types of other machines on the network so the user could browse the devices through the Chooser. AppleTalk was so easy to use that ad hoc networks tended to appear whenever multiple Macs were in the same room. Apple would later use this in an advertisement showing a network being created between two seats in an airplane. PhoneNet and other adaptors A thriving 3rd party market for AppleTalk devices developed over the next few years. One particularly notable example was an alternate adaptor designed by BMUG and commercialized by Farallon as PhoneNET in 1987. This was essentially a replacement for Apple's connector that had conventional phone jacks instead of Apple's round connectors. PhoneNet allowed AppleTalk networks to be connected together using normal telephone wires, and with very little extra work, could run analog phones and AppleTalk on a single four-conductor phone cable. Other companies took advantage of the SCC's ability to read external clocks in order to support higher transmission speeds, up to 1 Mbit/s. In these systems, the external adaptor also included its own clock, and used that to signal the SCC's clock input pins. The best-known such system was Centram's FlashTalk, which ran at 768 kbit/s, and was intended to be used with their TOPS networking system. A similar solution was the 850 kbit/s DaynaTalk, which used a separate box that plugged in between the computer and a normal LocalTalk/PhoneNet box. Dayna also offered a PC expansion card that ran up to 1.7 Mbit/s when talking to other Dayna PC cards. Several other systems also existed with even higher performance, but these often required special cabling that was incompatible with LocalTalk/PhoneNet, and also required patches to the networking stack that often caused problems. AppleTalk over Ethernet As Apple expanded into more commercial and education markets, they needed to integrate AppleTalk into existing network installations. Many of these organizations had already invested in a very expensive Ethernet infrastructure and there was no direct way to connect a Macintosh to Ethernet. AppleTalk included a protocol structure for interconnecting AppleTalk subnets and so as a solution, EtherTalk was initially created to use the Ethernet as a backbone between LocalTalk subnets. To accomplish this, organizations would need to purchase a LocalTalk-to-Ethernet bridge and Apple left it to third parties to produce these products. A number of companies responded, including Hayes and a few newly formed companies like Kinetics. LocalTalk, EtherTalk, TokenTalk, and AppleShare By 1987, Ethernet was clearly winning the standards battle over Token Ring, and in the middle of that year, Apple introduced EtherTalk 1.0, an implementation of the AppleTalk protocol over the Ethernet physical layer. Introduced for the newly released Macintosh II computer, Apple's first Macintosh with expansion slots, the operating system included a new Network control panel that allowed the user to select which physical connection to use for networking (from "Built-in" or "EtherTalk"). At introduction, Ethernet interface cards were available from 3Com and Kinetics that plugged into a Nubus slot in the machine. The new networking stack also expanded the system to allow a full 255 nodes per LAN. With EtherTalk's release, AppleTalk Personal Network was renamed LocalTalk, the name it would be known under for the bulk of its life. Token Ring would later be supported with a similar TokenTalk product, which used the same Network control panel and underlying software. Over time, many third-party companies would introduce compatible Ethernet and Token Ring cards that used these same drivers. The appearance of a Macintosh with a direct Ethernet connection also magnified the Ethernet and LocalTalk compatibility problem: Networks with new and old Macs needed some way to communicate with each other. This could be as simple as a network of Ethernet Mac II's trying to talk to a LaserWriter that only connected to LocalTalk. Apple initially relied on the aforementioned LocalTalk-to-Ethernet bridge products, but contrary to Apple's belief that these would be low-volume products, by the end of 1987, 130,000 such networks were in use. AppleTalk was at that time the most used networking system in the world, with over three times the installations of any other vendor. 1987 also marked the introduction of the AppleShare product, a dedicated file server that ran on any Mac with 512 kB of RAM or more. A common AppleShare machine was the Mac Plus with an external SCSI hard drive. AppleShare was the #3 network operating system in the late 1980s, behind Novell NetWare and Microsoft's MS-Net. AppleShare was effectively the replacement for the failed Macintosh Office efforts, which had been based on a dedicated file server device. AppleTalk Phase II and other developments A significant re-design was released in 1989 as AppleTalk Phase II. In many ways, Phase II can be considered an effort to make the earlier version (never called Phase I) more generic. LANs could now support more than 255 nodes, and zones were no longer associated with physical networks but were entirely virtual constructs used simply to organize nodes. For instance, one could now make a "Printers" zone that would list all the printers in an organization, or one might want to place that same device in the "2nd Floor" zone to indicate its physical location. Phase II also included changes to the underlying inter-networking protocols to make them less "chatty", which had previously been a serious problem on networks that bridged over wide-area networks. By this point, Apple had a wide variety of communications products under development, and many of these were announced along with AppleTalk Phase II. These included updates to EtherTalk and TokenTalk, AppleTalk software and LocalTalk hardware for the IBM PC, EtherTalk for Apple's A/UX operating system allowing it to use LaserPrinters and other network resources, and the Mac X.25 and MacX products. Ethernet had become almost universal by 1990, and it was time to build Ethernet into Macs direct from the factory. However, the physical wiring used by these networks was not yet completely standardized. Apple solved this problem using a single port on the back of the computer into which the user could plug an adaptor for any given cabling system. This FriendlyNet system was based on the industry-standard Attachment Unit Interface or AUI, but deliberately chose a non-standard connector that was smaller and easier to use, which they called "Apple AUI", or AAUI. FriendlyNet was first introduced on the Quadra 700 and Quadra 900 computers, and used across much of the Mac line for some time. As with LocalTalk, a number of 3rd party FriendlyNet adaptors quickly appeared. As 10BASE-T became the de facto cabling system for Ethernet, second-generation Power Macintosh machines added a 10BASE-T port in addition to AAUI. The PowerBook 3400c and lower-end Power Macs also added 10BASE-T. The Power Macintosh 7300/8600/9600 were the final Macs to include AAUI, and 10BASE-T became universal starting with the Power Macintosh G3 and PowerBook G3. The capital-I Internet From the beginning of AppleTalk, users wanted to connect the Macintosh to the TCP/IP network environments. In 1984, Bill Croft at Stanford University pioneered the development of IP packets encapsulated in DDP as part of the SEAGATE (Stanford Ethernet–AppleTalk Gateway) project. SEAGATE was commercialized by Kinetics in their LocalTalk-to-Ethernet bridge as an additional routing option. A few years later, MacIP, was separated from the SEAGATE code and became the de facto method for IP packets to be routed over LocalTalk networks. By 1986, Columbia University released the first version of the Columbia AppleTalk Package (CAP) that allowed higher integration of Unix, TCP/IP, and AppleTalk environments. In 1988, Apple released MacTCP, a system that allowed the Mac to support TCP/IP on machines with suitable Ethernet hardware. However, this left many universities with the problem of supporting IP on their many LocalTalk-equipped Macs. It was soon common to include MacIP support in LocalTalk-to-Ethernet bridges. MacTCP would not become a standard part of the Classic Mac OS until 1994, by which time it also supported SNMP and PPP. For some time in the early 1990s, the Mac was a primary client on the rapidly expanding Internet. Among the better-known programs in wide use were Fetch, Eudora, eXodus, NewsWatcher, and the NCSA packages, especially NCSA Mosaic and its offspring, Netscape Navigator. Additionally, a number of server products appeared that allowed the Mac to host Internet content. Through this period, Macs had about 2 to 3 times as many clients connected to the Internet as any other platform, despite the relatively small overall microcomputer market share. As the world quickly moved to IP for both LAN and WAN uses, Apple was faced with maintaining two increasingly outdated code bases on an ever-wider group of machines as well as the introduction of the PowerPC based machines. This led to the Open Transport efforts, which re-implemented both MacTCP and AppleTalk on an entirely new code base adapted from the Unix standard STREAMS. Early versions had problems and did not become stable for some time. By that point, Apple was deep in their ultimately doomed Copland efforts. Legacy and abandonment With the purchase of NeXT and subsequent development of Mac OS X, AppleTalk was strictly a legacy system. Support was added to OS X in order to provide support for a large number of existing AppleTalk devices, notably laser printers and file shares, but alternate connection solutions common in this era, notably USB for printers, limited their demand. As Apple abandoned many of these product categories, and all new systems were based on IP, AppleTalk became less and less common. AppleTalk support was finally removed from the MacOS in Mac OS X v10.6 in 2009. However, the loss of AppleTalk did not reduce the desire for networking solutions that combined its ease of use with IP routing. Apple has led the development of many such efforts, from the introduction of the AirPort router to the development of the Zero-configuration networking system and their implementation of it, Bonjour. As of 2020, AppleTalk support has been completely removed from legacy support with macOS 11 Big Sur. Design The AppleTalk design rigorously followed the OSI model of protocol layering. Unlike most of the early LAN systems, AppleTalk was not built using the archetypal Xerox XNS system. The intended target was not Ethernet, and it did not have 48-bit addresses to route. Nevertheless, many portions of the AppleTalk system have direct analogs in XNS. One key differentiation for AppleTalk was it contained two protocols aimed at making the system completely self-configuring. The AppleTalk address resolution protocol (AARP) allowed AppleTalk hosts to automatically generate their own network addresses, and the Name Binding Protocol (NBP) was a dynamic system for mapping network addresses to user-readable names. Although systems similar to AARP existed in other systems, Banyan VINES for instance. Beginning about 2002 Multicast DNS provided capabilities similar to NBP. Both AARP and NBP had defined ways to allow "controller" devices to override the default mechanisms. The concept was to allow routers to provide the information or "hardwire" the system to known addresses and names. On larger networks where AARP could cause problems as new nodes searched for free addresses, the addition of a router could reduce "chattiness." Together AARP and NBP made AppleTalk an easy-to-use networking system. New machines were added to the network by plugging them in and optionally giving them a name. The NBP lists were examined and displayed by a program known as the Chooser which would display a list of machines on the local network, divided into classes such as file-servers and printers. Addressing An AppleTalk address was a four-byte quantity. This consisted of a two-byte network number, a one-byte node number, and a one-byte socket number. Of these, only the network number required any configuration, being obtained from a router. Each node dynamically chose its own node number, according to a protocol (originally the LocalTalk Link Access Protocol LLAP and later, for Ethernet/EtherTalk, the AppleTalk Address Resolution Protocol, AARP) which handled contention between different nodes accidentally choosing the same number. For socket numbers, a few well-known numbers were reserved for special purposes specific to the AppleTalk protocol itself. Apart from these, all application-level protocols were expected to use dynamically-assigned socket numbers at both the client and server end. Because of this dynamism, users could not be expected to access services by specifying their address. Instead, all services had names which, being chosen by humans, could be expected to be meaningful to users, and also could be sufficiently long to minimize the chance of conflicts. As NBP names translated to an address, which included a socket number as well as a node number, a name in AppleTalk mapped directly to a service being provided by a machine, which was entirely separate from the name of the machine itself. Thus, services could be moved to a different machine and, so long as they kept the same service name, there was no need for users to do anything different in order to continue accessing the service. And the same machine could host any number of instances of services of the same type, without any network connection conflicts. Contrast this with A records in the DNS, in which a name translates to a machine's address, not including the port number that might be providing a service. Thus, if people are accustomed to using a particular machine name to access a particular service, their access will break when the service is moved to a different machine. This can be mitigated somewhat by insistence on using CNAME records indicating service rather than actual machine names to refer to the service, but there is no way of guaranteeing that users will follow such a convention. Some newer protocols, such as Kerberos and Active Directory use DNS SRV records to identify services by name, which is much closer to the AppleTalk model. Protocols AppleTalk Address Resolution Protocol AARP resolves AppleTalk addresses to link layer addresses. It is functionally equivalent to ARP and obtains address resolution by a method very similar to ARP. AARP is a fairly simple system. When powered on, an AppleTalk machine broadcasts an AARP probe packet asking for a network address, intending to hear back from controllers such as routers. If no address is provided, one is picked at random from the "base subnet", 0. It then broadcasts another packet saying "I am selecting this address", and then waits to see if anyone else on the network complains. If another machine has that address, it will pick another address, and keep trying until it finds a free one. On a network with many machines it may take several tries before a free address is found, so for performance purposes the successful address is "written down" in NVRAM and used as the default address in the future. This means that in most real-world setups where machines are added a few at a time, only one or two tries are needed before the address effectively become constant. AppleTalk Data Stream Protocol This was a comparatively late addition to the AppleTalk protocol suite, done when it became clear that a TCP-style reliable connection-oriented transport was needed. Significant differences from TCP were that: a connection attempt could be rejected there were no "half-open" connections; once one end initiated a tear-down of the connection, the whole connection would be closed (i.e., ADSP is full-duplex, not dual simplex). AppleTalk had an included attention message system which allowed short messages to be sent which would bypass the normal stream data flow. These were delivered reliably but out of order with respect to the stream. Any attention message would be delivered as soon as possible instead of waiting for the current stream byte sequence point to become current. Apple Filing Protocol The Apple Filing Protocol (AFP), formerly AppleTalk Filing Protocol, is the protocol for communicating with AppleShare file servers. Built on top of AppleTalk Session Protocol (for legacy AFP over DDP) or the Data Stream Interface (for AFP over TCP), it provides services for authenticating users (extensible to different authentication methods including two-way random-number exchange) and for performing operations specific to the Macintosh HFS filesystem. AFP is still in use in macOS, even though most other AppleTalk protocols have been deprecated. AppleTalk Session Protocol ASP was an intermediate protocol, built on top of ATP, which in turn was the foundation of AFP. It provided basic services for requesting responses to arbitrary commands d performing out-of-band status queries. It also allowed the server to send asynchronous attention messages to the client. Datagram Delivery Protocol DDP was the lowest-level data-link-independent transport protocol. It provided a datagram service with no guarantees of delivery. All application-level protocols, including the infrastructure protocols NBP, RTMP and ZIP, were built on top of DDP. AppleTalk's DDP corresponds closely to the Network layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) communication model. Name Binding Protocol Name Binding Protocol was a dynamic, distributed system for managing AppleTalk names. When a service started up on a machine, it registered a name for itself as chosen by a human administrator. At this point, NBP provided a system for checking that no other machine had already registered the same name. Later, when a client wanted to access that service, it used NBP to query machines to find that service. NBP provided browsability ("what are the names of all the services available?") as well as the ability to find a service with a particular name. Names were human readable, containing spaces, upper and lower case letters, and including support for searching. AppleTalk Echo Protocol AEP (AppleTalk Echo Protocol) is a transport layer protocol designed to test the reachability of network nodes. AEP generates packets to be sent to the network node and is identified in the Type field of a packet as an AEP packet. The packet is first passed to the source DDP. After it is identified as an AEP packet, it is forwarded to the node where the packet is examined by the DDP at the destination. After the packet is identified as an AEP packet, the packet is then copied and a field in the packet is altered to create an AEP reply packet, and is then returned to the source node. Printer Access Protocol PAP was the standard way of communicating with PostScript printers. It was built on top of ATP. When a PAP connection was opened, each end sent the other an ATP request which basically meant "send me more data". The client's response to the server was to send a block of PostScript code, while the server could respond with any diagnostic messages that might be generated as a result, after which another "send-more-data" request was sent. This use of ATP provided automatic flow control; each end could only send data to the other end if there was an outstanding ATP request to respond to. PAP also provided for out-of-band status queries, handled by separate ATP transactions. Even while it was busy servicing a print job from one client, a PAP server could continue to respond to status requests from any number of other clients. This allowed other Macintoshes on the LAN that were waiting to print to display status messages indicating that the printer was busy, and what the job was that it was busy with. Routing Table Maintenance Protocol RTMP was the protocol by which routers kept each other informed about the topology of the network. This was the only part of AppleTalk that required periodic unsolicited broadcasts: every 10 seconds, each router had to send out a list of all the network numbers it knew about and how far away it thought they were. Zone Information Protocol ZIP was the protocol by which AppleTalk network numbers were associated with zone names. A zone was a subdivision of the network that made sense to humans (for example, "Accounting Department"); but while a network number had to be assigned to a topologically-contiguous section of the network, a zone could include several different discontiguous portions of the network. Physical implementation The initial default hardware implementation for AppleTalk was a high-speed serial protocol known as LocalTalk that used the Macintosh's built-in RS-422 ports at 230.4 kbit/s. LocalTalk used a splitter box in the RS-422 port to provide an upstream and downstream cable from a single port. The topology was a bus: cables were daisy-chained from each connected machine to the next, up to the maximum of 32 permitted on any LocalTalk segment. The system was slow by today's standards, but at the time the additional cost and complexity of networking on PC machines was such that it was common that Macs were the only networked personal computers in an office. Other larger computers, such as UNIX or VAX workstations, would commonly be networked via Ethernet. Other physical implementations were also available. A very popular replacement for LocalTalk was PhoneNET, a 3rd party solution from Farallon Computing, Inc. (renamed Netopia, acquired by Motorola in 2007) that also used the RS-422 port and was indistinguishable from LocalTalk as far as Apple's LocalTalk port drivers were concerned, but ran over the two unused wires in standard four-wire phone cabling. Foreshadowing today's network hubs and switches, Farallon provided solutions for PhoneNet to be used in "star" as well as bus configurations, with both "passive" star connections (with the phone wires simply bridged to each other at a central point), and "active" star with "PhoneNet Star Controller" hub hardware. Apple's LocalTalk connectors didn't have a locking feature, so connectors could easily come loose, and the bus configuration resulted in any loose connector bringing down the whole network, and being hard to track down. PhoneNet RJ-11 connectors, on the other hand, snapped into place, and in a star configuration any wiring issue only affected one device, and problems were easy to pinpoint. PhoneNet's low cost, flexibility, and easy troubleshooting resulted in it being the dominant choice for Mac networks into the early 1990s. AppleTalk protocols also came to run over Ethernet (first coaxial and then twisted pair) and Token Ring physical layers, labeled by Apple as EtherTalk and TokenTalk, respectively. EtherTalk gradually became the dominant implementation method for AppleTalk as Ethernet became generally popular in the PC industry throughout the 1990s. Besides AppleTalk and TCP/IP, any Ethernet network could also simultaneously carry other protocols such as DECnet and IPX. Networking model Versions Cross-platform solutions When AppleTalk was first introduced, the dominant office computing platform was the PC compatible running MS-DOS. Apple introduced the AppleTalk PC Card in early 1987, allowing PCs to join AppleTalk networks and print to LaserWriter printers. A year later AppleShare PC was released, allowing PCs to access AppleShare file servers. The "TOPS Teleconnector" MS-DOS networking system over AppleTalk system enabled MS-DOS PCs to communicate over AppleTalk network hardware; it comprised an AppleTalk interface card for the PC and a suite of networking software allowing such functions as file, drive and printer sharing. As well as allowing the construction of a PC-only AppleTalk network, it allowed communication between PCs and Macs with TOPS software installed. (Macs without TOPS installed could use the same network but only to communicate with other Apple machines.) The Mac TOPS software did not match the quality of Apple's own either in ease of use or in robustness and freedom from crashes, but the DOS software was relatively simple to use in DOS terms, and was robust. The BSD and Linux operating systems support AppleTalk through an open source project called Netatalk, which implements the complete protocol suite and allows them to both act as native file or print servers for Macintosh computers, and print to LocalTalk printers over the network. The Windows Server operating systems supported AppleTalk starting with Windows NT and ending after Windows Server 2003. Miramar included AppleTalk in its PC MacLAN product which was discontinued by CA in 2007. GroupLogic continues to bundle its AppleTalk protocol with its ExtremeZ-IP server software for Macintosh-Windows integration which supports Windows Server 2008 and Windows Vista as well prior versions. HELIOS Software GmbH offers a proprietary implementation of the AppleTalk protocol stack, as part of their HELIOS UB2 server. This is essentially a File and Print Server suite that runs on a whole range of different platforms. In addition, Columbia University released the Columbia AppleTalk Package (CAP) which implemented the protocol suite for various Unix flavors including Ultrix, SunOS, BSD and IRIX. This package is no longer actively maintained. See also Netatalk is a free, open-source implementation of the AppleTalk suite of protocols. Network File System Remote File Sharing Samba Server Message Block Notes References Citations Bibliography Apple Inc. software Network operating systems Network protocols
Dr. Andrew N. Robertson (born 1974) is a British actor best remembered for his performances in The Cement Garden and the Gormenghast series. He is also a musician and academic, fronting British band Truck, and has published work on automatic accompaniment for rock music at the conference on New Interfaces for Musical Expression. In May 2009, Robertson was awarded a research fellowship of the Royal Academy of Engineering for his work on digital music. Robertson was a research student at Queen Mary, University of London at the Centre for Digital Music specialising in interactive real-time musical systems. In January 2011, Robertson developed software called "B-Keeper" which would allow drummers in rock bands to enhance their live performances. Robertson is also a member of a band playing mainly space rock music called Higamos Hogamos which trialled the "B-Keeper" software that he developed. Selected bibliography A. Robertson and M. D. Plumbley. Real-time beat-tracker for live performance with drums. To appear in Proceedings of the Digital Music Research Network Summer Conference, Leeds Metropolitan University, UK, 7–8 July 2007. A. Robertson and M. D. Plumbley. B-Keeper: A beat tracker for live performance. In Proceedings of New Interfaces for Musical Expression (NIME 2007), New York, NY, USA, June 6–10, 2007, pp 234–237, 2007. A. N. Robertson and M. D. Plumbley. Real-time Interactive Musical Systems: An Overview. In Proceedings of the Digital Music Research Network Doctoral Researchers Conference, London, UK, July 22–23, 2006. References External links Andrew Robertson at Last.fm 1974 births Living people British male television actors
Transform, clipping, and lighting (T&L or TCL) is a term used in computer graphics. Overview Transformation is the task of producing a two-dimensional view of a three-dimensional scene. Clipping means only drawing the parts of the scene that will be present in the picture after rendering is completed. Lighting is the task of altering the colour of the various surfaces of the scene on the basis of lighting information. Hardware Hardware T&L had been used by arcade game system boards since 1993, and by home video game consoles since the Sega Genesis's Virtua Processor (SVP), Sega Saturn's SCU-DSP and Sony PlayStation's GTE in 1994 and the Nintendo 64's RSP in 1996, though it wasn't traditional hardware T&L, but still software T&L running on a coprocessor instead of the main CPU, and could be used for rudimentary programmable pixel and vertex shaders as well. More traditional hardware T&L would appear on consoles with the GameCube and Xbox in 2001 (the PS2 still using a vector coprocessor for T&L). Personal computers implemented T&L in software until 1999, as it was believed faster CPUs would be able to keep pace with demands for ever more realistic rendering. However, 3D computer games of the time were producing increasingly complex scenes and detailed lighting effects much faster than the increase of CPU processing power. Nvidia's GeForce 256 was released in late 1999 and introduced hardware support for T&L to the consumer PC graphics card market. It had faster vertex processing not only due to the T&L hardware, but also because of a cache that avoided having to process the same vertex twice in certain situations. While DirectX 7.0 (particularly Direct3D 7) was the first release of that API to support hardware T&L, OpenGL had supported it much longer and was typically the purview of older professionally oriented 3D accelerators which were designed for computer-aided design (CAD) instead of games. S3 Graphics launched the Savage 2000 accelerator in late 1999, shortly after GeForce 256, but S3 never developed working Direct3D 7.0 drivers that would have enabled hardware T&L support. Usefulness Hardware T&L did not have broad application support in games at the time (mainly due to Direct3D games transforming their geometry on the CPU and not being allowed to use indexed geometries), so critics contended that it had little real-world value. Initially, it was only somewhat beneficial in a few OpenGL-based 3D first-person shooter titles of the time, most notably Quake III Arena. 3dfx and other competing graphics card companies contended that a fast CPU would make up for the lack of a T&L unit. ATI's initial response to GeForce 256 was the dual-chip Rage Fury MAXX. By using two Rage 128 chips, each rendering an alternate frame, the card was able to somewhat approach the performance of SDR memory GeForce 256 cards, but the GeForce 256 DDR still retained the top speed. ATI was developing their own GPU at the time known as the Radeon which also implemented hardware T&L. 3dfx's Voodoo5 5500 did not have a T&L unit but it was able to match the performance of the GeForce 256, although the Voodoo5 was late to market and by its release it could not match the succeeding GeForce 2 GTS. STMicroelectronics' PowerVR Kyro II, released in 2001, was able to rival the costlier ATI Radeon DDR and NVIDIA GeForce 2 GTS in benchmarks of the time, despite not having hardware transform and lighting. As more and more games were optimised for hardware transform and lighting, the KYRO II lost its performance advantage and is not supported by most modern games. Futuremark's 3DMark 2000 heavily utilized hardware T&L, which resulted in the Voodoo 5 and Kyro II both scoring poorly in the benchmark tests, behind budget T&L video cards such as the GeForce 2 MX and Radeon SDR. Industry standardization By 2000, only ATI with their comparable Radeon 7xxx series, would remain in direct competition with Nvidia's GeForce 256 and GeForce 2. By the end of 2001, all discrete graphics chips would have hardware T&L. Support of hardware T&L assured the GeForce and Radeon of a strong future, unlike its Direct3D 6 predecessors which relied upon software T&L. While hardware T&L does not add new rendering features, the extra performance allowed for much more complex scenes and an increasing number of games recommended it anyway to run at optimal performance. GPUs that support T&L in hardware are usually considered to be in the DirectX 7.0 generation. After hardware T&L had become standard in GPUs, the next step in computer 3D graphics was DirectX 8.0 with fully programmable vertex and pixel shaders. Nonetheless, many early games using DirectX 8.0 shaders, such as Half-Life 2, made that feature optional so DirectX 7.0 hardware T&L GPUs could still run the game. For instance, the GeForce 256 was supported in games up until approximately 2006, in games such as Star Wars: Empire at War. References 3D rendering Clipping (computer graphics)
A Memory Technology Device (MTD) is a type of device file in Linux for interacting with flash memory. The MTD subsystem was created to provide an abstraction layer between the hardware-specific device drivers and higher-level applications. Although character and block device files already existed, their semantics don't map well to the way that flash memory devices operate. USB sticks, MMCs, SDs, CompactFlashes and other popular removable devices are not MTDs. Although they contain flash memory, this is hidden behind a block device interface using a Flash Translation Layer and not directly interfacing with the OS. When using an MTD, the use of an MTD aware file system such as UBIFS, JFFS2 or YAFFS is recommended. The MTD subsystem exports block devices as well, which allows the use of common filesystem like ext4. However, using an MTD this way is not recommended since there is neither detection of bad blocks nor any kind of wear leveling. MTDs don't address to the OS like traditional storage devices (Solid State Drive, Hard Disk Drive...) using LBAs, but rather using offsets and sizes. References Further reading External links http://www.linux-mtd.infradead.org Solid-state computer storage media Linux kernel features
The chain rule for Kolmogorov complexity is an analogue of the chain rule for information entropy, which states: That is, the combined randomness of two sequences X and Y is the sum of the randomness of X plus whatever randomness is left in Y once we know X. This follows immediately from the definitions of conditional and joint entropy, and the fact from probability theory that the joint probability is the product of the marginal and conditional probability: The equivalent statement for Kolmogorov complexity does not hold exactly; it is true only up to a logarithmic term: (An exact version, KP(x, y) = KP(x) + KP(y|x*) + O(1), holds for the prefix complexity KP, where x* is a shortest program for x.) It states that the shortest program printing X and Y is obtained by concatenating a shortest program printing X with a program printing Y given X, plus at most a logarithmic factor. The results implies that algorithmic mutual information, an analogue of mutual information for Kolmogorov complexity is symmetric: I(x:y) = I(y:x) + O(log K(x,y)) for all x,y. Proof The ≤ direction is obvious: we can write a program to produce x and y by concatenating a program to produce x, a program to produce y given access to x, and (whence the log term) the length of one of the programs, so that we know where to separate the two programs for x and y|x (log(K(x, y)) upper-bounds this length). For the ≥ direction, it suffices to show that for all k,l such that k+l = K(x,y) we have that either K(x|k,l) ≤ k + O(1) or K(y|x,k,l) ≤ l + O(1). Consider the list (a1,b1), (a2,b2), ..., (ae,be) of all pairs (a,b) produced by programs of length exactly K(x,y) [hence K(a,b) ≤ K(x,y)]. Note that this list contains the pair (x,y), can be enumerated given k and l (by running all programs of length K(x,y) in parallel), has at most 2K(x,y) elements (because there are at most 2n programs of length n). First, suppose that x appears less than 2l times as first element. We can specify y given x,k,l by enumerating (a1,b1), (a2,b2), ... and then selecting (x,y) in the sub-list of pairs (x,b). By assumption, the index of (x,y) in this sub-list is less than 2l and hence, there is a program for y given x,k,l of length l + O(1). Now, suppose that x appears at least 2l times as first element. This can happen for at most 2K(x,y)-l = 2k different strings. These strings can be enumerated given k,l and hence x can be specified by its index in this enumeration. The corresponding program for x has size k + O(1). Theorem proved. References Computability theory Theory of computation Articles containing proofs
Keyword-driven testing, also known as action word based testing (not to be confused with action driven testing), is a software testing methodology suitable for both manual and automated testing. This method separates the documentation of test casesincluding both the data and functionality to usefrom the prescription of the way the test cases are executed. As a result, it separates the test creation process into two distinct stages: a design and development stage, and an execution stage. The design substage covers the requirement analysis and assessment and the data analysis, definition, and population. Overview This methodology uses keywords (or action words) to symbolize a functionality to be tested, such as Enter Client. The keyword Enter Client is defined as the set of actions that must be executed to enter a new client in the database. Its keyword documentation would contain: the starting state of the system under test (SUT) the window or menu to start from the keys or mouse clicks to get to the correct data entry window the names of the fields to find and which arguments to enter the actions to perform in case additional dialogs pop up (like confirmations) the button to click to submit an assertion about what the state of the SUT should be after completion of the actions Keyword-driven testing syntax lists test cases (data and action words) using a table format (see example below). The first column (column A) holds the keyword, Enter Client, which is the functionality being tested. Then the remaining columns, B-E, contain the data needed to execute the keyword: Name, Address, Postcode and City. To enter another client, the tester would create another row in the table with Enter Client as the keyword and the new client's data in the following columns. There is no need to relist all the actions included. In it, you can design your test cases by: Indicating the high-level steps needed to interact with the application and the system in order to perform the test. Indicating how to validate and certify the features are working properly. Specifying the preconditions for the test. Specifying the acceptance criteria for the test. Given the iterative nature of software development, the test design is typically more abstract (less specific) than a manual implementation of a test, but it can easily evolve into one. Advantages Keyword-driven testing reduces the sensitivity to maintenance caused by changes in the System/Software Under Test (SUT). If screen layouts change or the system is migrated to another OS hardly any changes have to be made to the test cases: the changes will be made to the keyword documentation, one document for every keyword, no matter how many times the keyword is used in test cases, and it implies a deep process of test design. Also, due to the very detailed description of the way of executing the keyword (in the keyword documentation) the test can be performed by almost anyone. Thus keyword-driven testing can be used for both manual testing and automated testing. Furthermore, this approach is an open and extensible framework that unites all the tools, assets, and data both related to and produced by the testing effort. Under this single framework, all participants in the testing effort can define and refine the quality goals they are working toward. It is where the team defines the plan it will implement to meet those goals. And, most importantly, it provides the entire team with one place to go to determine the state of the system at any time. Testing is the feedback mechanism in the software development process. It tells you where corrections need to be made to stay on course at any given iteration of a development effort. It also tells you about the current quality of the system being developed. The activity of implementing tests involves the design and development of reusable test scripts that implement the test case. After the implementation, it can be associated with the test case. Implementation is different in every testing project. In one project, you might decide to build both automated test scripts and manual test scripts. Designing tests, instead, is an iterative process. You can start designing tests before any system implementation by basing the test design on use case specifications, requirements, prototypes, and so on. As the system becomes more clearly specified, and you have builds of the system to work with, you can elaborate on the details of the design. The activity of designing tests answers the question, “How am I going to perform the testing?” A complete test design informs readers about what actions need to be taken with the system and what behaviors and characteristics they should expect to observe if the system is functioning properly. A test design is different from the design work that should be done in determining how to build your test implementation. Methodology The keyword-driven testing methodology divides test process execution into several stages: Model basis/prototyping: analysis and assessment of requirements. Test model definition: on the result of requirements assessment, approach an own software model. Test data definition: on the basis of the defined own model, start keyword and main/complement data definition. Test preparation: intake test basis etc. Test design: analysis of test basis, test case/procedure design, test data design. Manual test execution: manual execution of the test cases using keyword documentation as execution guideline. Automation of test execution: creation of automated script that perform actions according to the keyword documentation. Automated test execution. Definition A Keyword or Action Word is a defined combination of actions on a test object which describes how test lines must be executed. An action word contains arguments and is defined by a test analyst. The test is a key step in any process of development and shall to apply a series of tests or checks to an object (system / SW test — SUT). Always remembering that the test can only show the presence of errors, not their absence. In the RT system test, it is not sufficient to check whether the SUT produces the correct outputs. It must also verify that the time taken to produce that output is as expected. Furthermore, the timing of these outputs may also depend on the timing of the inputs. In turn, the timing of future inputs applicable is determined from the outputs. Automation of the test execution The implementation stage differs depending on the tool or framework. Often, automation engineers implement a framework that provides keywords like “check” and “enter”. Testers or test designers (who do not need to know how to program) write test cases based on the keywords defined in the planning stage that have been implemented by the engineers. The test is executed using a driver that reads the keywords and executes the corresponding code. Other methodologies use an all-in-one implementation stage. Instead of separating the tasks of test design and test engineering, the test design is the test automation. Keywords, such as “edit” or “check” are created using tools in which the necessary code has already been written. This removes the necessity for extra engineers in the test process, because the implementation for the keywords is already a part of the tool. Examples include GUIdancer and QTP. Pros Maintenance is low in the long run: Test cases are concise Test cases are readable for the stakeholders Test cases are easy to modify New test cases can reuse existing keywords more easily Keyword re-use across multiple test cases Not dependent on a specific tool or programming language Division of Labor Test case construction needs stronger domain expertise - lesser tool / programming skills Keyword implementation requires stronger tool/programming skill - with relatively lower domain skill Abstraction of Layers Cons Longer time to market (as compared to manual testing or record and replay technique) Moderately high learning curve initially See also Data-driven testing Test Automation Framework Test-Driven Development References External links Action based testing Success Factors for Keyword Driven Testing, by Hans Buwalda SAFS (Software Automation Framework Support) Test automation frameworks Automation Framework - gFast: generic Framework for Automated Software Testing - QTP Framework Software testing
Obj or OBJ may refer to: Entities Ottawa Business Journal, a weekly business publication in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada People Odell Beckham Jr. (born 1992), American football player, nicknamed OBJ Olusegun Obasanjo (born 1937), 5th and 12th President of Nigeria, nicknamed OBJ Software OBJ (programming language), a programming language family developed in 1976, including OBJ2 and OBJ3 , a replacement character used in computing Files With the .obj file extension: Object file, an organized machine code file created by a compiler Relocatable Object Module Format, an Object file for Intel microprocessors Wavefront .obj file, a 3D geometry definition file format
The Hirschberg–Sinclair algorithm is a distributed algorithm designed for leader election problem in a synchronous ring network. It is named after its inventors, Dan Hirschberg and J. B. Sinclair. The algorithm requires the use of unique IDs (UID) for each process. The algorithm works in phases and sends its UID out in both directions. The message goes out a distance of 2Phase Number hops and then the message heads back to the originating process. While the messages are heading "out" each receiving process will compare the incoming UID to its own. If the UID is greater than its own UID then it will continue the message on. Otherwise if the UID is less than its own UID, it will not pass the information on. At the end of a phase, a process can determine if it will send out messages in the next round by if it received both of its incoming messages. Phases continue until a process receives both of its out messages, from both of its neighbors. At this time the process knows it is the largest UID in the ring and declares itself the leader. References Distributed algorithms
High Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC), also known as H.265 and MPEG-H Part 2, is a video compression standard designed as part of the MPEG-H project as a successor to the widely used Advanced Video Coding (AVC, H.264, or MPEG-4 Part 10). In comparison to AVC, HEVC offers from 25% to 50% better data compression at the same level of video quality, or substantially improved video quality at the same bit rate. It supports resolutions up to 8192×4320, including 8K UHD, and unlike the primarily 8-bit AVC, HEVC's higher fidelity Main 10 profile has been incorporated into nearly all supporting hardware. While AVC uses the integer discrete cosine transform (DCT) with 4×4 and 8×8 block sizes, HEVC uses both integer DCT and discrete sine transform (DST) with varied block sizes between 4×4 and 32×32. The High Efficiency Image Format (HEIF) is based on HEVC. Concept In most ways, HEVC is an extension of the concepts in H.264/MPEG-4 AVC. Both work by comparing different parts of a frame of video to find areas that are redundant, both within a single frame and between consecutive frames. These redundant areas are then replaced with a short description instead of the original pixels. The primary changes for HEVC include the expansion of the pattern comparison and difference-coding areas from 16×16 pixel to sizes up to 64×64, improved variable-block-size segmentation, improved "intra" prediction within the same picture, improved motion vector prediction and motion region merging, improved motion compensation filtering, and an additional filtering step called sample-adaptive offset filtering. Effective use of these improvements requires much more signal processing capability for compressing the video, but has less impact on the amount of computation needed for decompression. HEVC was standardized by the Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding (JCT-VC), a collaboration between the ISO/IEC MPEG and ITU-T Study Group 16 VCEG. The ISO/IEC group refers to it as MPEG-H Part 2 and the ITU-T as H.265. The first version of the HEVC standard was ratified in January 2013 and published in June 2013. The second version, with multiview extensions (MV-HEVC), range extensions (RExt), and scalability extensions (SHVC), was completed and approved in 2014 and published in early 2015. Extensions for 3D video (3D-HEVC) were completed in early 2015, and extensions for screen content coding (SCC) were completed in early 2016 and published in early 2017, covering video containing rendered graphics, text, or animation as well as (or instead of) camera-captured video scenes. In October 2017, the standard was recognized by a Primetime Emmy Engineering Award as having had a material effect on the technology of television. HEVC contains technologies covered by patents owned by the organizations that participated in the JCT-VC. Implementing a device or software application that uses HEVC may require a license from HEVC patent holders. The ISO/IEC and ITU require companies that belong to their organizations to offer their patents on reasonable and non-discriminatory licensing (RAND) terms. Patent licenses can be obtained directly from each patent holder, or through patent licensing bodies, such as MPEG LA, Access Advance, and Velos Media. The combined licensing fees currently offered by all of the patent licensing bodies are higher than for AVC. The licensing fees are one of the main reasons HEVC adoption has been low on the web and is why some of the largest tech companies (Amazon, AMD, Apple, ARM, Cisco, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Mozilla, Netflix, Nvidia, and more) have joined the Alliance for Open Media, which finalized royalty-free alternative video coding format AV1 on March 28, 2018. History The HEVC format was jointly developed by more than a dozen organisations across the world. The majority of active patent contributions towards the development of the HEVC format came from five organizations: Samsung Electronics (4,249 patents), General Electric (1,127 patents), M&K Holdings (907 patents), NTT ( patents), and JVC Kenwood (628 patents). Other patent holders include Fujitsu, Apple, Canon, Columbia University, KAIST, Kwangwoon University, MIT, Sungkyunkwan University, Funai, Hikvision, KBS, KT and NEC. Previous work In 2004, the ITU-T Video Coding Experts Group (VCEG) began a major study of technology advances that could enable creation of a new video compression standard (or substantial compression-oriented enhancements of the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC standard). In October 2004, various techniques for potential enhancement of the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC standard were surveyed. In January 2005, at the next meeting of VCEG, VCEG began designating certain topics as "Key Technical Areas" (KTA) for further investigation. A software codebase called the KTA codebase was established for evaluating such proposals. The KTA software was based on the Joint Model (JM) reference software that was developed by the MPEG & VCEG Joint Video Team for H.264/MPEG-4 AVC. Additional proposed technologies were integrated into the KTA software and tested in experiment evaluations over the next four years. Two approaches for standardizing enhanced compression technology were considered: either creating a new standard or creating extensions of H.264/MPEG-4 AVC. The project had tentative names H.265 and H.NGVC (Next-generation Video Coding), and was a major part of the work of VCEG until its evolution into the HEVC joint project with MPEG in 2010. The preliminary requirements for NGVC were the capability to have a bit rate reduction of 50% at the same subjective image quality compared with the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC High profile, and computational complexity ranging from 1/2 to 3 times that of the High profile. NGVC would be able to provide 25% bit rate reduction along with 50% reduction in complexity at the same perceived video quality as the High profile, or to provide greater bit rate reduction with somewhat higher complexity. The ISO/IEC Moving Picture Experts Group (MPEG) started a similar project in 2007, tentatively named High-performance Video Coding. An agreement of getting a bit rate reduction of 50% had been decided as the goal of the project by July 2007. Early evaluations were performed with modifications of the KTA reference software encoder developed by VCEG. By July 2009, experimental results showed average bit reduction of around 20% compared with AVC High Profile; these results prompted MPEG to initiate its standardization effort in collaboration with VCEG. Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding MPEG and VCEG established a Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding (JCT-VC) to develop the HEVC standard. Standardization A formal joint Call for Proposals on video compression technology was issued in January 2010 by VCEG and MPEG, and proposals were evaluated at the first meeting of the MPEG & VCEG Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding (JCT-VC), which took place in April 2010. A total of 27 full proposals were submitted. Evaluations showed that some proposals could reach the same visual quality as AVC at only half the bit rate in many of the test cases, at the cost of 2–10× increase in computational complexity, and some proposals achieved good subjective quality and bit rate results with lower computational complexity than the reference AVC High profile encodings. At that meeting, the name High Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) was adopted for the joint project. Starting at that meeting, the JCT-VC integrated features of some of the best proposals into a single software codebase and a "Test Model under Consideration", and performed further experiments to evaluate various proposed features. The first working draft specification of HEVC was produced at the third JCT-VC meeting in October 2010. Many changes in the coding tools and configuration of HEVC were made in later JCT-VC meetings. On January 25, 2013, the ITU announced that HEVC had received first stage approval (consent) in the ITU-T Alternative Approval Process (AAP). On the same day, MPEG announced that HEVC had been promoted to Final Draft International Standard (FDIS) status in the MPEG standardization process. On April 13, 2013, HEVC/H.265 was approved as an ITU-T standard. The standard was formally published by the ITU-T on June 7, 2013, and by the ISO/IEC on November 25, 2013. On July 11, 2014, MPEG announced that the 2nd edition of HEVC will contain three recently completed extensions which are the multiview extensions (MV-HEVC), the range extensions (RExt), and the scalability extensions (SHVC). On October 29, 2014, HEVC/H.265 version 2 was approved as an ITU-T standard. It was then formally published on January 12, 2015. On April 29, 2015, HEVC/H.265 version 3 was approved as an ITU-T standard. On June 3, 2016, HEVC/H.265 version 4 was consented in the ITU-T and was not approved during a vote in October 2016. On December 22, 2016, HEVC/H.265 version 4 was approved as an ITU-T standard. Patent licensing On September 29, 2014, MPEG LA announced their HEVC license which covers the essential patents from 23 companies. The first 100,000 "devices" (which includes software implementations) are royalty free, and after that the fee is $0.20 per device up to an annual cap of $25 million. This is significantly more expensive than the fees on AVC, which were $0.10 per device, with the same 100,000 waiver, and an annual cap of $6.5 million. MPEG LA does not charge any fee on the content itself, something they had attempted when initially licensing AVC, but subsequently dropped when content producers refused to pay it. The license has been expanded to include the profiles in version 2 of the HEVC standard. When the MPEG LA terms were announced, commenters noted that a number of prominent patent holders were not part of the group. Among these were AT&T, Microsoft, Nokia, and Motorola. Speculation at the time was that these companies would form their own licensing pool to compete with or add to the MPEG LA pool. Such a group was formally announced on March 26, 2015, as HEVC Advance. The terms, covering 500 essential patents, were announced on July 22, 2015, with rates that depend on the country of sale, type of device, HEVC profile, HEVC extensions, and HEVC optional features. Unlike the MPEG LA terms, HEVC Advance reintroduced license fees on content encoded with HEVC, through a revenue sharing fee. The initial HEVC Advance license had a maximum royalty rate of US$2.60 per device for Region 1 countries and a content royalty rate of 0.5% of the revenue generated from HEVC video services. Region 1 countries in the HEVC Advance license include the United States, Canada, European Union, Japan, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, and others. Region 2 countries are countries not listed in the Region 1 country list. The HEVC Advance license had a maximum royalty rate of US$1.30 per device for Region 2 countries. Unlike MPEG LA, there was no annual cap. On top of this, HEVC Advance also charged a royalty rate of 0.5% of the revenue generated from video services encoding content in HEVC. When they were announced, there was considerable backlash from industry observers about the "unreasonable and greedy" fees on devices, which were about seven times that of the MPEG LA's fees. Added together, a device would require licenses costing $2.80, twenty-eight times as expensive as AVC, as well as license fees on the content. This led to calls for "content owners [to] band together and agree not to license from HEVC Advance". Others argued the rates might cause companies to switch to competing standards such as Daala and VP9. On December 18, 2015, HEVC Advance announced changes in the royalty rates. The changes include a reduction in the maximum royalty rate for Region 1 countries to US$2.03 per device, the creation of annual royalty caps, and a waiving of royalties on content that is free to end users. The annual royalty caps for a company is US$40 million for devices, US$5 million for content, and US$2 million for optional features. On February 3, 2016, Technicolor SA announced that they had withdrawn from the HEVC Advance patent pool and would be directly licensing their HEVC patents. HEVC Advance previously listed 12 patents from Technicolor. Technicolor announced that they had rejoined on October 22, 2019. On November 22, 2016, HEVC Advance announced a major initiative, revising their policy to allow software implementations of HEVC to be distributed directly to consumer mobile devices and personal computers royalty free, without requiring a patent license. On March 31, 2017, Velos Media announced their HEVC license which covers the essential patents from Ericsson, Panasonic, Qualcomm Incorporated, Sharp, and Sony. the MPEG LA HEVC patent list is 164 pages long. Patent holders The following organizations currently hold the most active patents in the HEVC patent pools listed by MPEG LA and HEVC Advance: Versions Versions of the HEVC/H.265 standard using the ITU-T approval dates. Version 1: (April 13, 2013) First approved version of the HEVC/H.265 standard containing Main, Main10, and Main Still Picture profiles. Version 2: (October 29, 2014) Second approved version of the HEVC/H.265 standard which adds 21 range extensions profiles, two scalable extensions profiles, and one multi-view extensions profile. Version 3: (April 29, 2015) Third approved version of the HEVC/H.265 standard which adds the 3D Main profile. Version 4: (December 22, 2016) Fourth approved version of the HEVC/H.265 standard which adds seven screen content coding extensions profiles, three high throughput extensions profiles, and four scalable extensions profiles. Version 5: (February 13, 2018) Fifth approved version of the HEVC/H.265 standard which adds additional SEI messages that include omnidirectional video SEI messages, a Monochrome 10 profile, a Main 10 Still Picture profile, and corrections to various minor defects in the prior content of the Specification. Version 6: (June 29, 2019) Sixth approved version of the HEVC/H.265 standard which adds additional SEI messages that include SEI manifest and SEI prefix messages, and corrections to various minor defects in the prior content of the Specification. Version 7: (November 29, 2019) Seventh approved version of the HEVC/H.265 standard which adds additional SEI messages for fisheye video information and annotated regions, and also includes corrections to various minor defects in the prior content of the Specification. Version 8: As of August 2021 Version 8 is in "Additional Review" status while Version 7 is in force. Implementations and products 2012 On February 29, 2012, at the 2012 Mobile World Congress, Qualcomm demonstrated a HEVC decoder running on an Android tablet, with a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual-core processor running at 1.5 GHz, showing H.264/MPEG-4 AVC and HEVC versions of the same video content playing side by side. In this demonstration, HEVC reportedly showed almost a 50% bit rate reduction compared with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC. 2013 On February 11, 2013, researchers from MIT demonstrated the world's first published HEVC ASIC decoder at the International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC) 2013. Their chip was capable of decoding a 3840×2160p at 30 fps video stream in real time, consuming under 0.1 W of power. On April 3, 2013, Ateme announced the availability of the first open source implementation of a HEVC software player based on the OpenHEVC decoder and GPAC video player which are both licensed under LGPL. The OpenHEVC decoder supports the Main profile of HEVC and can decode 1080p at 30 fps video using a single core CPU. A live transcoder that supports HEVC and used in combination with the GPAC video player was shown at the ATEME booth at the NAB Show in April 2013. On July 23, 2013, MulticoreWare announced, and made the source code available for the x265 HEVC Encoder Library under the GPL v2 license. On August 8, 2013, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone announced the release of their HEVC-1000 SDK software encoder which supports the Main 10 profile, resolutions up to 7680×4320, and frame rates up to 120 fps. On November 14, 2013, DivX developers released information on HEVC decoding performance using an Intel i7 CPU at 3.5 GHz with 4 cores and 8 threads. The DivX 10.1 Beta decoder was capable of 210.9 fps at 720p, 101.5 fps at 1080p, and 29.6 fps at 4K. On December 18, 2013, ViXS Systems announced shipments of their XCode (not to be confused with Apple's Xcode IDE for MacOS) 6400 SoC which was the first SoC to support the Main 10 profile of HEVC. 2014 On April 5, 2014, at the NAB show, eBrisk Video, Inc. and Altera Corporation demonstrated an FPGA-accelerated HEVC Main10 encoder that encoded 4Kp60/10-bit video in real-time, using a dual-Xeon E5-2697-v2 platform. On August 13, 2014, Ittiam Systems announced availability of its third generation H.265/HEVC codec with 4:2:2 12-bit support. On September 5, 2014, the Blu-ray Disc Association announced that the 4K Blu-ray Disc specification would support HEVC-encoded 4K video at 60 fps, the Rec. 2020 color space, high dynamic range (PQ and HLG), and 10-bit color depth. 4K Blu-ray Discs have a data rate of at least 50 Mbit/s and disc capacity up to 100 GB. 4K Blu-ray Discs and players became available for purchase in 2015 or 2016. On September 9, 2014, Apple announced the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus which support HEVC/H.265 for FaceTime over cellular. On September 18, 2014, Nvidia released the GeForce GTX 980 (GM204) and GTX 970 (GM204), which includes Nvidia NVENC, the world's first HEVC hardware encoder in a discrete graphics card. On October 31, 2014, Microsoft confirmed that Windows 10 will support HEVC out of the box, according to a statement from Gabriel Aul, the leader of Microsoft Operating Systems Group's Data and Fundamentals Team. Windows 10 Technical Preview Build 9860 added platform level support for HEVC and Matroska. On November 3, 2014, Android Lollipop was released with out of the box support for HEVC using Ittiam Systems' software. 2015 On January 5, 2015, ViXS Systems announced the XCode 6800 which is the first SoC to support the Main 12 profile of HEVC. On January 5, 2015, Nvidia officially announced the Tegra X1 SoC with full fixed-function HEVC hardware decoding. On January 22, 2015, Nvidia released the GeForce GTX 960 (GM206), which includes the world's first full fixed function HEVC Main/Main10 hardware decoder in a discrete graphics card. On February 23, 2015, Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) announced that their UVD ASIC to be found in the Carrizo APUs would be the first x86 based CPUs to have a HEVC hardware decoder. On February 27, 2015, VLC media player version 2.2.0 was released with robust support of HEVC playback. The corresponding versions on Android and iOS are also able to play HEVC. On March 31, 2015, VITEC announced the MGW Ace which was the first 100% hardware-based portable HEVC encoder that provides mobile HEVC encoding. On August 5, 2015, Intel launched Skylake products with full fixed function Main/8-bit decoding/encoding and hybrid/partial Main10/10-bit decoding. On September 9, 2015 Apple announced the Apple A9 chip, first used in the iPhone 6S, its first processor with a hardware HEVC decoder supporting Main 8 and 10. This feature would not be unlocked until the release of iOS 11 in 2017. 2016 On April 11, 2016, full HEVC (H.265) support was announced in the newest MythTV version (0.28). On August 30, 2016, Intel officially announced 7th generation Core CPUs (Kaby Lake) products with full fixed function HEVC Main10 hardware decoding support. On September 7, 2016 Apple announced the Apple A10 chip, first used in the iPhone 7, which included a hardware HEVC encoder supporting Main 8 and 10. This feature would not be unlocked until the release of iOS 11 in 2017. On October 25, 2016, Nvidia released the GeForce GTX 1050Ti (GP107) and GeForce GTX 1050 (GP107), which includes full fixed function HEVC Main10/Main12 hardware decoder. 2017 On June 5, 2017, Apple announced HEVC H.265 support in macOS High Sierra, iOS 11, tvOS, HTTP Live Streaming and Safari. On June 25, 2017, Microsoft released a free HEVC app extension for Windows 10, enabling some Windows 10 devices with HEVC decoding hardware to play video using the HEVC format inside any app. On September 19, 2017, Apple released iOS 11 and tvOS 11 with HEVC encoding & decoding support. On September 25, 2017, Apple released macOS High Sierra with HEVC encoding & decoding support. On September 28, 2017, GoPro released the Hero6 Black action camera, with 4K60P HEVC video encoding. On October 17, 2017, Microsoft removed HEVC decoding support from Windows 10 with the Version 1709 Fall Creators Update, making HEVC available instead as a separate, paid download from the Microsoft Store. On November 2, 2017, Nvidia released the GeForce GTX 1070 Ti (GP104), which includes full fixed function HEVC Main10/Main12 hardware decoder. 2018 On September 20, 2018, Nvidia released the GeForce RTX 2080 (TU104), which includes full fixed function HEVC Main 4:4:4 12 hardware decoder. 2022 On October 25, 2022, Chrome released version 107, which starts supporting HEVC hardware decoding for all platforms "out of box", if the hardware is supported. Browser support HEVC is implemented in these web browsers: Android browser (since version 5 from November 2014) Safari (since version 11 from September 2017) Edge (since version 77 from July 2017, supported on Windows 10 1709+ for devices with supported hardware when HEVC video extensions is installed, since version 107 from October 2022, supported on macOS 11+, Android 5.0+ for all devices) Chrome (since version 107 from October 2022, supported on macOS 11+, Android 5.0+ for all devices, supported on Windows 8+, ChromeOS, and Linux for devices with supported hardware) Opera (since version 94 from December 2022, supported on the same platforms as Chrome) In June 2023, an estimated 88.31% of browsers in use on desktop and mobile systems were able to play HEVC videos in HTML5 webpages, based on data from Can I Use. Operating system support Coding efficiency The design of most video coding standards is primarily aimed at having the highest coding efficiency. Coding efficiency is the ability to encode video at the lowest possible bit rate while maintaining a certain level of video quality. There are two standard ways to measure the coding efficiency of a video coding standard, which are to use an objective metric, such as peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR), or to use subjective assessment of video quality. Subjective assessment of video quality is considered to be the most important way to measure a video coding standard since humans perceive video quality subjectively. HEVC benefits from the use of larger coding tree unit (CTU) sizes. This has been shown in PSNR tests with a HM-8.0 HEVC encoder where it was forced to use progressively smaller CTU sizes. For all test sequences, when compared with a 64×64 CTU size, it was shown that the HEVC bit rate increased by 2.2% when forced to use a 32×32 CTU size, and increased by 11.0% when forced to use a 16×16 CTU size. In the Class A test sequences, where the resolution of the video was 2560×1600, when compared with a 64×64 CTU size, it was shown that the HEVC bit rate increased by 5.7% when forced to use a 32×32 CTU size, and increased by 28.2% when forced to use a 16×16 CTU size. The tests showed that large CTU sizes increase coding efficiency while also reducing decoding time. The HEVC Main Profile (MP) has been compared in coding efficiency to H.264/MPEG-4 AVC High Profile (HP), MPEG-4 Advanced Simple Profile (ASP), H.263 High Latency Profile (HLP), and H.262/MPEG-2 Main Profile (MP). The video encoding was done for entertainment applications and twelve different bitrates were made for the nine video test sequences with a HM-8.0 HEVC encoder being used. Of the nine video test sequences, five were at HD resolution, while four were at WVGA (800×480) resolution. The bit rate reductions for HEVC were determined based on PSNR with HEVC having a bit rate reduction of 35.4% compared with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC HP, 63.7% compared with MPEG-4 ASP, 65.1% compared with H.263 HLP, and 70.8% compared with H.262/MPEG-2 MP. HEVC MP has also been compared with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC HP for subjective video quality. The video encoding was done for entertainment applications and four different bitrates were made for nine video test sequences with a HM-5.0 HEVC encoder being used. The subjective assessment was done at an earlier date than the PSNR comparison and so it used an earlier version of the HEVC encoder that had slightly lower performance. The bit rate reductions were determined based on subjective assessment using mean opinion score values. The overall subjective bitrate reduction for HEVC MP compared with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC HP was 49.3%. École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) did a study to evaluate the subjective video quality of HEVC at resolutions higher than HDTV. The study was done with three videos with resolutions of 3840×1744 at 24 fps, 3840×2048 at 30 fps, and 3840×2160 at 30 fps. The five second video sequences showed people on a street, traffic, and a scene from the open source computer animated movie Sintel. The video sequences were encoded at five different bitrates using the HM-6.1.1 HEVC encoder and the JM-18.3 H.264/MPEG-4 AVC encoder. The subjective bit rate reductions were determined based on subjective assessment using mean opinion score values. The study compared HEVC MP with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC HP and showed that, for HEVC MP, the average bitrate reduction based on PSNR was 44.4%, while the average bitrate reduction based on subjective video quality was 66.5%. In a HEVC performance comparison released in April 2013, the HEVC MP and Main 10 Profile (M10P) were compared with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC HP and High 10 Profile (H10P) using 3840×2160 video sequences. The video sequences were encoded using the HM-10.0 HEVC encoder and the JM-18.4 H.264/MPEG-4 AVC encoder. The average bit rate reduction based on PSNR was 45% for inter frame video. In a video encoder comparison released in December 2013, the HM-10.0 HEVC encoder was compared with the x264 encoder (version r2334) and the VP9 encoder (version v1.2.0-3088-ga81bd12). The comparison used the Bjøntegaard-Delta bit-rate (BD-BR) measurement method, in which negative values tell how much lower the bit rate is reduced, and positive values tell how much the bit rate is increased for the same PSNR. In the comparison, the HM-10.0 HEVC encoder had the highest coding efficiency and, on average, to get the same objective quality, the x264 encoder needed to increase the bit rate by 66.4%, while the VP9 encoder needed to increase the bit rate by 79.4%. In a subjective video performance comparison released in May 2014, the JCT-VC compared the HEVC Main profile to the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC High profile. The comparison used mean opinion score values and was conducted by the BBC and the University of the West of Scotland. The video sequences were encoded using the HM-12.1 HEVC encoder and the JM-18.5 H.264/MPEG-4 AVC encoder. The comparison used a range of resolutions and the average bit rate reduction for HEVC was 59%. The average bit rate reduction for HEVC was 52% for 480p, 56% for 720p, 62% for 1080p, and 64% for 4K UHD. In a subjective video codec comparison released in August 2014 by the EPFL, the HM-15.0 HEVC encoder was compared with the VP9 1.2.0–5183 encoder and the JM-18.8 H.264/MPEG-4 AVC encoder. Four 4K resolutions sequences were encoded at five different bit rates with the encoders set to use an intra period of one second. In the comparison, the HM-15.0 HEVC encoder had the highest coding efficiency and, on average, for the same subjective quality the bit rate could be reduced by 49.4% compared with the VP9 1.2.0–5183 encoder, and it could be reduced by 52.6% compared with the JM-18.8 H.264/MPEG-4 AVC encoder. In August, 2016, Netflix published the results of a large-scale study comparing the leading open-source HEVC encoder, x265, with the leading open-source AVC encoder, x264 and the reference VP9 encoder, libvpx. Using their advanced Video Multimethod Assessment Fusion (VMAF) video quality measurement tool, Netflix found that x265 delivered identical quality at bit rates ranging from 35.4% to 53.3% lower than x264, and from 17.8% to 21.8% lower than VP9. Features HEVC was designed to substantially improve coding efficiency compared with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC HP, i.e. to reduce bitrate requirements by half with comparable image quality, at the expense of increased computational complexity. HEVC was designed with the goal of allowing video content to have a data compression ratio of up to 1000:1. Depending on the application requirements, HEVC encoders can trade off computational complexity, compression rate, robustness to errors, and encoding delay time. Two of the key features where HEVC was improved compared with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC was support for higher resolution video and improved parallel processing methods. HEVC is targeted at next-generation HDTV displays and content capture systems which feature progressive scanned frame rates and display resolutions from QVGA (320×240) to 4320p (7680×4320), as well as improved picture quality in terms of noise level, color spaces, and dynamic range. Video coding layer The HEVC video coding layer uses the same "hybrid" approach used in all modern video standards, starting from H.261, in that it uses inter-/intra-picture prediction and 2D transform coding. A HEVC encoder first proceeds by splitting a picture into block shaped regions for the first picture, or the first picture of a random access point, which uses intra-picture prediction. Intra-picture prediction is when the prediction of the blocks in the picture is based only on the information in that picture. For all other pictures, inter-picture prediction is used, in which prediction information is used from other pictures. After the prediction methods are finished and the picture goes through the loop filters, the final picture representation is stored in the decoded picture buffer. Pictures stored in the decoded picture buffer can be used for the prediction of other pictures. HEVC was designed with the idea that progressive scan video would be used and no coding tools were added specifically for interlaced video. Interlace specific coding tools, such as MBAFF and PAFF, are not supported in HEVC. HEVC instead sends metadata that tells how the interlaced video was sent. Interlaced video may be sent either by coding each frame as a separate picture or by coding each field as a separate picture. For interlaced video HEVC can change between frame coding and field coding using Sequence Adaptive Frame Field (SAFF), which allows the coding mode to be changed for each video sequence. This allows interlaced video to be sent with HEVC without needing special interlaced decoding processes to be added to HEVC decoders. Color spaces The HEVC standard supports color spaces such as generic film, NTSC, PAL, Rec. 601, Rec. 709, Rec. 2020, Rec. 2100, SMPTE 170M, SMPTE 240M, sRGB, sYCC, xvYCC, XYZ, and externally specified color spaces. HEVC supports color encoding representations such as RGB, YCbCr, and YCoCg. Coding tools Coding tree unit HEVC replaces 16×16 pixel macroblocks, which were used with previous standards, with coding tree units (CTUs) which can use larger block structures of up to 64×64 samples and can better sub-partition the picture into variable sized structures. HEVC initially divides the picture into CTUs which can be 64×64, 32×32, or 16×16 with a larger pixel block size usually increasing the coding efficiency. Inverse transforms HEVC specifies four transform units (TUs) sizes of 4×4, 8×8, 16×16, and 32×32 to code the prediction residual. A CTB may be recursively partitioned into 4 or more TUs. TUs use integer basis functions based on the discrete cosine transform (DCT). In addition, 4×4 luma transform blocks that belong to an intra coded region are transformed using an integer transform that is derived from discrete sine transform (DST). This provides a 1% bit rate reduction but was restricted to 4×4 luma transform blocks due to marginal benefits for the other transform cases. Chroma uses the same TU sizes as luma so there is no 2×2 transform for chroma. Parallel processing tools Tiles allow for the picture to be divided into a grid of rectangular regions that can independently be decoded/encoded. The main purpose of tiles is to allow for parallel processing. Tiles can be independently decoded and can even allow for random access to specific regions of a picture in a video stream. Wavefront parallel processing (WPP) is when a slice is divided into rows of CTUs in which the first row is decoded normally but each additional row requires that decisions be made in the previous row. WPP has the entropy encoder use information from the preceding row of CTUs and allows for a method of parallel processing that may allow for better compression than tiles. Tiles and WPP are allowed, but are optional. If tiles are present, they must be at least 64 pixels high and 256 pixels wide with a level specific limit on the number of tiles allowed. Slices can, for the most part, be decoded independently from each other with the main purpose of tiles being the re-synchronization in case of data loss in the video stream. Slices can be defined as self-contained in that prediction is not made across slice boundaries. When in-loop filtering is done on a picture though, information across slice boundaries may be required. Slices are CTUs decoded in the order of the raster scan, and different coding types can be used for slices such as I types, P types, or B types. Dependent slices can allow for data related to tiles or WPP to be accessed more quickly by the system than if the entire slice had to be decoded. The main purpose of dependent slices is to allow for low-delay video encoding due to its lower latency. Other coding tools Entropy coding HEVC uses a context-adaptive binary arithmetic coding (CABAC) algorithm that is fundamentally similar to CABAC in H.264/MPEG-4 AVC. CABAC is the only entropy encoder method that is allowed in HEVC while there are two entropy encoder methods allowed by H.264/MPEG-4 AVC. CABAC and the entropy coding of transform coefficients in HEVC were designed for a higher throughput than H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, while maintaining higher compression efficiency for larger transform block sizes relative to simple extensions. For instance, the number of context coded bins have been reduced by 8× and the CABAC bypass-mode has been improved in terms of its design to increase throughput. Another improvement with HEVC is that the dependencies between the coded data has been changed to further increase throughput. Context modeling in HEVC has also been improved so that CABAC can better select a context that increases efficiency when compared with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC. Intra prediction HEVC specifies 33 directional modes for intra prediction compared with the 8 directional modes for intra prediction specified by H.264/MPEG-4 AVC. HEVC also specifies DC intra prediction and planar prediction modes. The DC intra prediction mode generates a mean value by averaging reference samples and can be used for flat surfaces. The planar prediction mode in HEVC supports all block sizes defined in HEVC while the planar prediction mode in H.264/MPEG-4 AVC is limited to a block size of 16×16 pixels. The intra prediction modes use data from neighboring prediction blocks that have been previously decoded from within the same picture. Motion compensation For the interpolation of fractional luma sample positions HEVC uses separable application of one-dimensional half-sample interpolation with an 8-tap filter or quarter-sample interpolation with a 7-tap filter while, in comparison, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC uses a two-stage process that first derives values at half-sample positions using separable one-dimensional 6-tap interpolation followed by integer rounding and then applies linear interpolation between values at nearby half-sample positions to generate values at quarter-sample positions. HEVC has improved precision due to the longer interpolation filter and the elimination of the intermediate rounding error. For 4:2:0 video, the chroma samples are interpolated with separable one-dimensional 4-tap filtering to generate eighth-sample precision, while in comparison H.264/MPEG-4 AVC uses only a 2-tap bilinear filter (also with eighth-sample precision). As in H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, weighted prediction in HEVC can be used either with uni-prediction (in which a single prediction value is used) or bi-prediction (in which the prediction values from two prediction blocks are combined). Motion vector prediction HEVC defines a signed 16-bit range for both horizontal and vertical motion vectors (MVs). This was added to HEVC at the July 2012 HEVC meeting with the mvLX variables. HEVC horizontal/vertical MVs have a range of −32768 to 32767 which given the quarter pixel precision used by HEVC allows for a MV range of −8192 to 8191.75 luma samples. This compares to H.264/MPEG-4 AVC which allows for a horizontal MV range of −2048 to 2047.75 luma samples and a vertical MV range of −512 to 511.75 luma samples. HEVC allows for two MV modes which are Advanced Motion Vector Prediction (AMVP) and merge mode. AMVP uses data from the reference picture and can also use data from adjacent prediction blocks. The merge mode allows for the MVs to be inherited from neighboring prediction blocks. Merge mode in HEVC is similar to "skipped" and "direct" motion inference modes in H.264/MPEG-4 AVC but with two improvements. The first improvement is that HEVC uses index information to select one of several available candidates. The second improvement is that HEVC uses information from the reference picture list and reference picture index. Loop filters HEVC specifies two loop filters that are applied sequentially, with the deblocking filter (DBF) applied first and the sample adaptive offset (SAO) filter applied afterwards. Both loop filters are applied in the inter-picture prediction loop, i.e. the filtered image is stored in the decoded picture buffer (DPB) as a reference for inter-picture prediction. Deblocking filter The DBF is similar to the one used by H.264/MPEG-4 AVC but with a simpler design and better support for parallel processing. In HEVC the DBF only applies to a 8×8 sample grid while with H.264/MPEG-4 AVC the DBF applies to a 4×4 sample grid. DBF uses a 8×8 sample grid since it causes no noticeable degradation and significantly improves parallel processing because the DBF no longer causes cascading interactions with other operations. Another change is that HEVC only allows for three DBF strengths of 0 to 2. HEVC also requires that the DBF first apply horizontal filtering for vertical edges to the picture and only after that does it apply vertical filtering for horizontal edges to the picture. This allows for multiple parallel threads to be used for the DBF. Sample adaptive offset The SAO filter is applied after the DBF and is designed to allow for better reconstruction of the original signal amplitudes by applying offsets stored in a lookup table in the bitstream. Per CTB the SAO filter can be disabled or applied in one of two modes: edge offset mode or band offset mode. The edge offset mode operates by comparing the value of a sample to two of its eight neighbors using one of four directional gradient patterns. Based on a comparison with these two neighbors, the sample is classified into one of five categories: minimum, maximum, an edge with the sample having the lower value, an edge with the sample having the higher value, or monotonic. For each of the first four categories an offset is applied. The band offset mode applies an offset based on the amplitude of a single sample. A sample is categorized by its amplitude into one of 32 bands (histogram bins). Offsets are specified for four consecutive of the 32 bands, because in flat areas which are prone to banding artifacts, sample amplitudes tend to be clustered in a small range. The SAO filter was designed to increase picture quality, reduce banding artifacts, and reduce ringing artifacts. Range extensions Range extensions in MPEG are additional profiles, levels, and techniques that support needs beyond consumer video playback: Profiles supporting bit depths beyond 10, and differing luma/chroma bit depths. Intra profiles for when file size is much less important than random-access decoding speed. Still Picture profiles, forming the basis of High Efficiency Image File Format, without any limit on the picture size or complexity (level 8.5). Unlike all other levels, no minimum decoder capacity is required, only a best-effort with reasonable fallback. Within these new profiles came enhanced coding features, many of which support efficient screen encoding or high-speed processing: Persistent Rice adaptation, a general optimization of entropy coding. Higher precision weighted prediction at high bit depths. Cross-component prediction, allowing the imperfect YCbCr color decorrelation to let the luma (or G) match set the predicted chroma (or R/B) matches, which results in up to 7% gain for YCbCr 4:4:4 and up to 26% for RGB video. Particularly useful for screen coding. Intra smoothing control, allowing the encoder to turn smoothing on or off per-block, instead of per-frame. Modifications of transform skip: Residual DPCM (RDPCM), allowing more-optimal coding of residual data if possible, vs the typical zig-zag. Block size flexibility, supporting block sizes up to 32×32 (versus only 4×4 transform skip support in version 1). 4×4 rotation, for potential efficiency. Transform skip context, enabling DCT and RDPCM blocks to carry a separate context. Extended precision processing, giving low bit-depth video slightly more accurate decoding. CABAC bypass alignment, a decoding optimization specific to High Throughput 4:4:4 16 Intra profile. HEVC version 2 adds several supplemental enhancement information (SEI) messages: Color remapping: mapping one color space to another. Knee function: hints for converting between dynamic ranges, particularly from HDR to SDR. Mastering display color volume Time code, for archival purposes Screen content coding extensions Additional coding tool options have been added in the March 2016 draft of the screen content coding (SCC) extensions: Adaptive color transform. Adaptive motion vector resolution. Intra block copying. Palette mode. The ITU-T version of the standard that added the SCC extensions (approved in December 2016 and published in March 2017) added support for the hybrid log–gamma (HLG) transfer function and the ICtCp color matrix. This allows the fourth version of HEVC to support both of the HDR transfer functions defined in Rec. 2100. The fourth version of HEVC adds several supplemental enhancement information (SEI) messages which include: Alternative transfer characteristics information SEI message, provides information on the preferred transfer function to use. The primary use case for this would be to deliver HLG video in a way that would be backward compatible with legacy devices. Ambient viewing environment SEI message, provides information on the ambient light of the viewing environment that was used to author the video. Profiles Version 1 of the HEVC standard defines three profiles: Main, Main 10, and Main Still Picture. Version 2 of HEVC adds 21 range extensions profiles, two scalable extensions profiles, and one multi-view profile. HEVC also contains provisions for additional profiles. Extensions that were added to HEVC include increased bit depth, 4:2:2/4:4:4 chroma sampling, Multiview Video Coding (MVC), and Scalable Video Coding (SVC). The HEVC range extensions, HEVC scalable extensions, and HEVC multi-view extensions were completed in July 2014. In July 2014 a draft of the second version of HEVC was released. Screen content coding (SCC) extensions were under development for screen content video, which contains text and graphics, with an expected final draft release date of 2015. A profile is a defined set of coding tools that can be used to create a bitstream that conforms to that profile. An encoder for a profile may choose which coding tools to use as long as it generates a conforming bitstream while a decoder for a profile must support all coding tools that can be used in that profile. Version 1 profiles Main The Main profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with 4:2:0 chroma sampling, which is the most common type of video used with consumer devices. Main 10 The Main 10 profile was added at the October 2012 HEVC meeting based on proposal JCTVC-K0109 which proposed that a 10-bit profile be added to HEVC for consumer applications. The proposal said this was to allow for improved video quality and to support the Rec. 2020 color space that has become widely used in UHDTV systems and to be able to deliver higher dynamic range and color fidelity avoiding the banding artifacts. A variety of companies supported the proposal which included Ateme, BBC, BSkyB, Cisco, DirecTV, Ericsson, Motorola Mobility, NGCodec, NHK, RAI, ST, SVT, Thomson Video Networks, Technicolor, and ViXS Systems. The Main 10 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 to 10 bits per sample with 4:2:0 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Main 10 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Main and Main 10. A higher bit depth allows for a greater number of colors. 8 bits per sample allows for 256 shades per primary color (a total of 16.78 million colors) while 10 bits per sample allows for 1024 shades per primary color (a total of 1.07 billion colors). A higher bit depth allows for a smoother transition of color which resolves the problem known as color banding. The Main 10 profile allows for improved video quality since it can support video with a higher bit depth than what is supported by the Main profile. Additionally, in the Main 10 profile 8-bit video can be coded with a higher bit depth of 10 bits, which allows improved coding efficiency compared to the Main profile. Ericsson said the Main 10 profile would bring the benefits of 10 bits per sample video to consumer TV. They also said that for higher resolutions there is no bit rate penalty for encoding video at 10 bits per sample. Imagination Technologies said that 10-bit per sample video would allow for larger color spaces and is required for the Rec. 2020 color space that will be used by UHDTV. They also said the Rec. 2020 color space would drive the widespread adoption of 10-bit-per-sample video. In a PSNR based performance comparison released in April 2013 the Main 10 profile was compared to the Main profile using a set of 3840×2160 10-bit video sequences. The 10-bit video sequences were converted to 8 bits for the Main profile and remained at 10 bits for the Main 10 profile. The reference PSNR was based on the original 10-bit video sequences. In the performance comparison the Main 10 profile provided a 5% bit rate reduction for inter frame video coding compared to the Main profile. The performance comparison states that for the tested video sequences the Main 10 profile outperformed the Main profile. Main Still Picture The Main Still Picture profile allows for a single still picture to be encoded with the same constraints as the Main profile. As a subset of the Main profile the Main Still Picture profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with 4:2:0 chroma sampling. An objective performance comparison was done in April 2012 in which HEVC reduced the average bit rate for images by 56% compared to JPEG. A PSNR based performance comparison for still image compression was done in May 2012 using the HEVC HM 6.0 encoder and the reference software encoders for the other standards. For still images HEVC reduced the average bit rate by 15.8% compared to H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, 22.6% compared to JPEG 2000, 30.0% compared to JPEG XR, 31.0% compared to WebP, and 43.0% compared to JPEG. A performance comparison for still image compression was done in January 2013 using the HEVC HM 8.0rc2 encoder, Kakadu version 6.0 for JPEG 2000, and IJG version 6b for JPEG. The performance comparison used PSNR for the objective assessment and mean opinion score (MOS) values for the subjective assessment. The subjective assessment used the same test methodology and images as those used by the JPEG committee when it evaluated JPEG XR. For 4:2:0 chroma sampled images the average bit rate reduction for HEVC compared to JPEG 2000 was 20.26% for PSNR and 30.96% for MOS while compared to JPEG it was 61.63% for PSNR and 43.10% for MOS. A PSNR based HEVC performance comparison for still image compression was done in April 2013 by Nokia. HEVC has a larger performance improvement for higher resolution images than lower resolution images and a larger performance improvement for lower bit rates than higher bit rates. For lossy compression to get the same PSNR as HEVC took on average 1.4× more bits with JPEG 2000, 1.6× more bits with JPEG-XR, and 2.3× more bits with JPEG. A compression efficiency study of HEVC, JPEG, JPEG XR, and WebP was done in October 2013 by Mozilla. The study showed that HEVC was significantly better at compression than the other image formats that were tested. Four different methods for comparing image quality were used in the study which were Y-SSIM, RGB-SSIM, IW-SSIM, and PSNR-HVS-M. Version 2 profiles Version 2 of HEVC adds 21 range extensions profiles, two scalable extensions profiles, and one multi-view profile: Monochrome, Monochrome 12, Monochrome 16, Main 12, Main 4:2:2 10, Main 4:2:2 12, Main 4:4:4, Main 4:4:4 10, Main 4:4:4 12, Monochrome 12 Intra, Monochrome 16 Intra, Main 12 Intra, Main 4:2:2 10 Intra, Main 4:2:2 12 Intra, Main 4:4:4 Intra, Main 4:4:4 10 Intra, Main 4:4:4 12 Intra, Main 4:4:4 16 Intra, Main 4:4:4 Still Picture, Main 4:4:4 16 Still Picture, High Throughput 4:4:4 16 Intra, Scalable Main, Scalable Main 10, and Multiview Main. All of the inter frame range extensions profiles have an Intra profile. Monochrome The Monochrome profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0 chroma sampling. Monochrome 12 The Monochrome 12 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 12 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0 chroma sampling. Monochrome 16 The Monochrome 16 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 16 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Monochrome 16 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Monochrome 12, and Monochrome 16. Main 12 The Main 12 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 12 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0 and 4:2:0 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Main 12 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Monochrome 12, Main, Main 10, and Main 12. Main 422 10 The Main 4:2:2 10 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 10 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, and 4:2:2 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Main 4:2:2 10 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 10, and Main 4:2:2 10. Main 422 12 The Main 4:2:2 12 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 12 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, and 4:2:2 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Main 4:2:2 12 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Monochrome 12, Main, Main 10, Main 12, Main 4:2:2 10, and Main 4:2:2 12. Main 444 The Main 4:4:4 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Main 4:4:4 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, and Main 4:4:4. Main 444 10 The Main 4:4:4 10 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 10 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Main 4:4:4 10 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 10, Main 4:2:2 10, Main 4:4:4, and Main 4:4:4 10. Main 444 12 The Main 4:4:4 12 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 12 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Main 4:4:4 12 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 10, Main 12, Main 4:2:2 10, Main 4:2:2 12, Main 4:4:4, Main 4:4:4 10, Main 4:4:4 12, and Monochrome 12. Main 444 16 Intra The Main 4:4:4 16 Intra profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 16 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Main 4:4:4 16 Intra profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome Intra, Monochrome 12 Intra, Monochrome 16 Intra, Main Intra, Main 10 Intra, Main 12 Intra, Main 4:2:2 10 Intra, Main 4:2:2 12 Intra, Main 4:4:4 Intra, Main 4:4:4 10 Intra, and Main 4:4:4 12 Intra. High Throughput 444 16 Intra The High Throughput 4:4:4 16 Intra profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 16 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. The High Throughput 4:4:4 16 Intra profile has an HbrFactor 12 times higher than other HEVC profiles allowing it to have a maximum bit rate 12 times higher than the Main 4:4:4 16 Intra profile. The High Throughput 4:4:4 16 Intra profile is designed for high end professional content creation and decoders for this profile are not required to support other profiles. Main 444 Still Picture The Main 4:4:4 Still Picture profile allows for a single still picture to be encoded with the same constraints as the Main 4:4:4 profile. As a subset of the Main 4:4:4 profile the Main 4:4:4 Still Picture profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. Main 444 16 Still Picture The Main 4:4:4 16 Still Picture profile allows for a single still picture to be encoded with the same constraints as the Main 4:4:4 16 Intra profile. As a subset of the Main 4:4:4 16 Intra profile the Main 4:4:4 16 Still Picture profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 16 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. Scalable Main The Scalable Main profile allows for a base layer that conforms to the Main profile of HEVC. Scalable Main 10 The Scalable Main 10 profile allows for a base layer that conforms to the Main 10 profile of HEVC. Multiview Main The Multiview Main profile allows for a base layer that conforms to the Main profile of HEVC. Version 3 and higher profiles Version 3 of HEVC added one 3D profile: 3D Main. The February 2016 draft of the screen content coding extensions added seven screen content coding extensions profiles, three high throughput extensions profiles, and four scalable extensions profiles: Screen-Extended Main, Screen-Extended Main 10, Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4, Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4 10, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 10, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 14, High Throughput 4:4:4, High Throughput 4:4:4 10, High Throughput 4:4:4 14, Scalable Monochrome, Scalable Monochrome 12, Scalable Monochrome 16, and Scalable Main 4:4:4. 3D Main The 3D Main profile allows for a base layer that conforms to the Main profile of HEVC. Screen-Extended Main The Screen-Extended Main profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0 and 4:2:0 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Screen-Extended Main profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, and Screen-Extended Main. Screen-Extended Main 10 The Screen-Extended Main 10 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 10 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0 and 4:2:0 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Screen-Extended Main 10 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 10, Screen-Extended Main, and Screen-Extended Main 10. Screen-Extended Main 444 The Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 4:4:4, Screen-Extended Main, and Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4. Screen-Extended Main 444 10 The Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4 10 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 10 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. HEVC decoders that conform to the Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4 10 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 10, Main 4:2:2 10, Main 4:4:4, Main 4:4:4 10, Screen-Extended Main, Screen-Extended Main 10, Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4, and Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4 10. Screen-Extended High Throughput 444 The Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. The Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 profile has an HbrFactor 6 times higher than most inter frame HEVC profiles allowing it to have a maximum bit rate 6 times higher than the Main 4:4:4 profile. HEVC decoders that conform to the Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 4:4:4, Screen-Extended Main, Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4, and High Throughput 4:4:4. Screen-Extended High Throughput 444 10 The Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 10 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 10 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. The Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 10 profile has an HbrFactor 6 times higher than most inter frame HEVC profiles allowing it to have a maximum bit rate 6 times higher than the Main 4:4:4 10 profile. HEVC decoders that conform to the Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 10 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 10, Main 4:2:2 10, Main 4:4:4, Main 4:4:4 10, Screen-Extended Main, Screen-Extended Main 10, Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4, Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4 10, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 10, High Throughput 4:4:4, and High Throughput 4:4:4. Screen-Extended High Throughput 444 14 The Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 14 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 14 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. The Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 14 profile has an HbrFactor 6 times higher than most inter frame HEVC profiles. HEVC decoders that conform to the Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 14 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: Monochrome, Main, Main 10, Main 4:2:2 10, Main 4:4:4, Main 4:4:4 10, Screen-Extended Main, Screen-Extended Main 10, Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4, Screen-Extended Main 4:4:4 10, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 10, Screen-Extended High Throughput 4:4:4 14, High Throughput 4:4:4, High Throughput 4:4:4 10, and High Throughput 4:4:4 14. High Throughput 444 The High Throughput 4:4:4 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. The High Throughput 4:4:4 profile has an HbrFactor 6 times higher than most inter frame HEVC profiles allowing it to have a maximum bit rate 6 times higher than the Main 4:4:4 profile. HEVC decoders that conform to the High Throughput 4:4:4 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: High Throughput 4:4:4. High Throughput 444 10 The High Throughput 4:4:4 10 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 10 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. The High Throughput 4:4:4 10 profile has an HbrFactor 6 times higher than most inter frame HEVC profiles allowing it to have a maximum bit rate 6 times higher than the Main 4:4:4 10 profile. HEVC decoders that conform to the High Throughput 4:4:4 10 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: High Throughput 4:4:4 and High Throughput 4:4:4 10. High Throughput 444 14 The High Throughput 4:4:4 14 profile allows for a bit depth of 8 bits to 14 bits per sample with support for 4:0:0, 4:2:0, 4:2:2, and 4:4:4 chroma sampling. The High Throughput 4:4:4 14 profile has an HbrFactor 6 times higher than most inter frame HEVC profiles. HEVC decoders that conform to the High Throughput 4:4:4 14 profile must be capable of decoding bitstreams made with the following profiles: High Throughput 4:4:4, High Throughput 4:4:4 10, and High Throughput 4:4:4 14. Scalable Monochrome The Scalable Monochrome profile allows for a base layer that conforms to the Monochrome profile of HEVC. Scalable Monochrome 12 The Scalable Monochrome 12 profile allows for a base layer that conforms to the Monochrome 12 profile of HEVC. Scalable Monochrome 16 The Scalable Monochrome 16 profile allows for a base layer that conforms to the Monochrome 16 profile of HEVC. Scalable Main 444 The Scalable Main 4:4:4 profile allows for a base layer that conforms to the Main 4:4:4 profile of HEVC. Tiers and levels The HEVC standard defines two tiers, Main and High, and thirteen levels. A level is a set of constraints for a bitstream. For levels below level 4 only the Main tier is allowed. The Main tier is a lower tier than the High tier. The tiers were made to deal with applications that differ in terms of their maximum bit rate. The Main tier was designed for most applications while the High tier was designed for very demanding applications. A decoder that conforms to a given tier/level is required to be capable of decoding all bitstreams that are encoded for that tier/level and for all lower tiers/levels. The maximum bit rate of the profile is based on the combination of bit depth, chroma sampling, and the type of profile. For bit depth the maximum bit rate increases by 1.5× for 12-bit profiles and 2× for 16-bit profiles. For chroma sampling the maximum bit rate increases by 1.5× for 4:2:2 profiles and 2× for 4:4:4 profiles. For the Intra profiles the maximum bit rate increases by 2×. The maximum frame rate supported by HEVC is 300 fps. The MaxDpbSize is the maximum number of pictures in the decoded picture buffer. Decoded picture buffer Previously decoded pictures are stored in a decoded picture buffer (DPB), and are used by HEVC encoders to form predictions for subsequent pictures. The maximum number of pictures that can be stored in the DPB, called the DPB capacity, is 6 (including the current picture) for all HEVC levels when operating at the maximum picture size supported by the level. The DPB capacity (in units of pictures) increases from 6 to 8, 12, or 16 as the picture size decreases from the maximum picture size supported by the level. The encoder selects which specific pictures are retained in the DPB on a picture-by-picture basis, so the encoder has the flexibility to determine for itself the best way to use the DPB capacity when encoding the video content. Containers MPEG has published an amendment which added HEVC support to the MPEG transport stream used by ATSC, DVB, and Blu-ray Disc; MPEG decided not to update the MPEG program stream used by DVD-Video. MPEG has also added HEVC support to the ISO base media file format. HEVC is also supported by the MPEG media transport standard. Support for HEVC was added to Matroska starting with the release of MKVToolNix v6.8.0 after a patch from DivX was merged. A draft document has been submitted to the Internet Engineering Task Force which describes a method to add HEVC support to the Real-time Transport Protocol. Using HEVC's intra frame encoding, a still-image coded format called Better Portable Graphics (BPG) has been proposed by the programmer Fabrice Bellard. It is essentially a wrapper for images coded using the HEVC Main 4:4:4 16 Still Picture profile with up to 14 bits per sample, although it uses an abbreviated header syntax and adds explicit support for Exif, ICC profiles, and XMP metadata. Patent license terms License terms and fees for HEVC patents, compared with its main competitors: Provision for costless software As with its predecessor AVC, software distributors that implement HEVC in products must pay a price per distributed copy. While this licensing model is manageable for paid software, it is an obstacle to most free and open-source software, which is meant to be freely distributable. In the opinion of MulticoreWare, the developer of x265, enabling royalty-free software encoders and decoders is in the interest of accelerating HEVC adoption. HEVC Advance made an exception that specifically waives the royalties on software-only implementations (both decoders and encoders) when not bundled with hardware. However, the exempted software is not free from the licensing obligations of other patent holders (e.g. members of the MPEG LA pool). While the obstacle to free software is no concern in for example TV broadcast networks, this problem, combined with the prospect of future collective lock-in to the format, makes several organizations like Mozilla (see OpenH264) and the Free Software Foundation Europe wary of royalty-bearing formats for internet use. Competing formats intended for internet use (VP9 and AV1) are intended to steer clear of these concerns by being royalty free (provided there are no third-party claims of patent rights). : Regardless of how the software is licensed from the software authors (see software licensing), if what it does is patented, its use remains bound by the patent holders' rights unless the use of the patents has been authorized by a license. Versatile Video Coding In October 2015, MPEG and VCEG formed Joint Video Exploration Team (JVET) to evaluate available compression technologies and study the requirements for a next-generation video compression standard. The new algorithm should have 30–50% better compression rate for the same perceptual quality, with support for lossless and subjectively lossless compression. It should also support YCbCr 4:4:4, 4:2:2 and 4:2:0 with 10 to 16 bits per component, BT.2100 wide color gamut and high dynamic range (HDR) of more than 16 stops (with peak brightness of 1,000, 4,000 and 10,000 nits), auxiliary channels (for depth, transparency, etc.), variable and fractional frame rates from 0 to 120 Hz, scalable video coding for temporal (frame rate), spatial (resolution), SNR, color gamut and dynamic range differences, stereo/multiview coding, panoramic formats, and still picture coding. Encoding complexity of 10 times that of HEVC is expected. JVET issued a final "Call for Proposals" in October 2017, with the first working draft of the Versatile Video Coding (VVC) standard released in April 2018. The VVC standard was finalized on July 6, 2020. See also UHDTV – digital television formats with resolutions of 4K / 2160p (3840×2160) and 8K / 4320p (7680×4320) Rec. 2020 – ITU-R Recommendation for UHDTV with standard dynamic range Rec. 2100 – ITU-R Recommendation for HDTV and UHDTV with high dynamic range Image file formats based on HEVC Better Portable Graphics – a file format for images based on HEVC High Efficiency Image File Format – a file format for images and image sequences based on HEVC Comparison of video codecs List of open-source codecs x265 – an open-source software implementation of HEVC List of multimedia (audio/video) codecs H.264/MPEG-4 AVC – the video standard predecessor of HEVC AV1 – an open format developed by the Alliance for Open Media as a successor to VP9 and a competitor to HEVC VP9 – an open format developed by Google as a competitor to HEVC Daala – an open format that is being developed by Mozilla Foundation and Xiph.Org Foundation as a competitor to HEVC Dirac (video compression format) – an open format that is being developed by the BBC Research & Development as a competitor to HEVC Thor (video codec) – an open format that is being developed by Cisco as a competitor to HEVC LCEVC – differential overlays that can improve performance References Bibliography Related slides: Related slides: External links Fraunhofer Heinrich Hertz Institute's HEVC website ITU web page for Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding (JCT-VC) Moving Picture Experts Group (MPEG) publications on HEVC ITU-T Recommendation H.265: High Efficiency Video Coding Computer file formats Graphics file formats High-definition television Lossy compression algorithms MPEG-H Open standards covered by patents Ultra-high-definition television Video codecs Video compression Videotelephony ITU-T recommendations H.265 H.26x IEC standards ISO standards
The UB-tree as proposed by Rudolf Bayer and Volker Markl is a balanced tree for storing and efficiently retrieving multidimensional data. It is basically a B+ tree (information only in the leaves) with records stored according to Z-order, also called Morton order. Z-order is simply calculated by bitwise interlacing the keys. Insertion, deletion, and point query are done as with ordinary B+ trees. To perform range searches in multidimensional point data, however, an algorithm must be provided for calculating, from a point encountered in the data base, the next Z-value which is in the multidimensional search range. The original algorithm to solve this key problem was exponential with the dimensionality and thus not feasible ("GetNextZ-address"). A solution to this "crucial part of the UB-tree range query" linear with the z-address bit length has been described later. This method has already been described in an older paper where using Z-order with search trees has first been proposed. References Database index techniques Search trees
Archimedes – "The Open CAD" – (also called Arquimedes) is a computer-aided design (CAD) program developed with direct input from architects and architecture firms. With this design philosophy, the developers hope to create software better suited for architecture than the currently widely used AutoCAD, and other available CAD software. The program is free software released under the Eclipse Public License. Features Basic drawing Lines, Polylines, Arcs and Circles. Editable Text Explore Offset Advanced CAD functions Trimming Filleting Area measurement Miscellaneous Autosave SVG export PDF export English, Portuguese, and Italian language support Integration with other CAD systems Archimedes uses its own XML-based open format, which resembles SVG. It does not yet include support for other CAD formats, but DXF support is planned. Development Archimedes is written in Java, and the latest version runs on Windows, Mac OS X, Linux/Unix based systems, and might run on platforms that are supported by LWJGL and a Java Virtual machine on version 1.5.0 or later. History The Archimedes Project started as a collaboration between a group of programmers and architecture students at the University of São Paulo, Brazil, in 2005. The project is currently being worked on as free and open source software. There is a team of students from the University working on it as collaborators under the coordination of Hugo (project leader) but everyone is free to contribute with plugins and/or patches. Timeline Archimedes was registered as a SourceForge.net project on July 12, 2005. The last stable pre-RCP version was 0.16.0, released on October 25, 2000. The first stable version after the RCP migration was 0.50.0, released on April 25, 2007. Migration to Eclipse RCP in version 0.5x A migration to the Eclipse Rich Client Platform in versions 0.5x has greatly improved the user interface model and stability, but some of the functionality from the last pre-RCP version is still being transferred. Version 0.58.0 moved this process a step closer by adding trimming, leader, svg and pdf exporting. External links Archimedes Home Page Archimedes on SourceForge.net Hugo Corbucci's Blog (Archimedes Project Lead) Github Repository References Computer-aided design software for Linux Free computer-aided design software Free software programmed in Java (programming language)
Thaddeus Xaverius Peregrinus Haenke (5 October 1761 – 4 November 1816) (; ) was a botanist who participated in the Malaspina Expedition, exploring a significant portion of the Pacific basin including the coasts of North and South America, Australia, the Philippines, New Zealand, and the Marianas. His collections of botanical specimens were the basis for the initial scientific descriptions of many plants in these regions, particularly South America and the Philippines. His extensive botanical work and far-ranging travel have prompted some to liken him to a "Bohemian Humboldt", named after Alexander von Humboldt, who made himself familiar with some of Haenke's findings before embarking on his journey to the Americas in 1799. Biography Haenke was born 5 October 1761 in the village of Kreibitz, Bohemia (now Chřibská, Czech Republic). His parents were Sudeten Germans and his father, Elias George Thomas Haenke, was a successful lawyer and farmer who also served as mayor. A keen observer of nature from childhood, Haenke pursued this interest throughout his education. He studied natural science and philosophy at the University of Prague where his mentor was Joseph Gottfried Mikan, the resident professor of botany. He served as an assistant to Mikan, helping care for the school's botanic gardens. Haenke received a doctorate in 1782, continued to study in Prague until 1786 and then became a student at the University of Vienna where he studied medicine and botany under Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin. While still a student, Haenke made extensive botanical collections from what is now the Czech Republic; wrote a treatise on the botany of the Giant Mountains; edited an edition of Linnaeus' Genera Plantarum (published in 1791); and was awarded a silver medal from the Royal Czech Scientific Society. He was also an accomplished musician, a capable illustrator, and spoke five languages. Malaspina expedition By 1789 Haenke was a prominent young scholar whose name was put forward by Jacquin and Ignaz von Born when Spain was recruiting a scientific corps for the Malaspina expedition. Emperor Joseph II had met Haenke before and he approved the appointment. Thus Haenke became "Naturalist-Botánico de Su Magestad" for the expedition. A long, roundabout journey from Vienna brought Haenke to Cadiz on 30 July 1789, just hours after the two ships of the expedition, the Descubierta and Atrevida, had set sail. Determined not to miss this opportunity, he took passage on another ship, intending to catch up with the expedition in Montevideo. This vessel was shipwrecked near his destination and Haenke was forced to swim for the shore, salvaging only his collecting equipment and his copy of Genera Plantarum. Again, he had just missed the expedition. After recuperating in Buenos Aires, he hired guides for a trek overland across the pampas and Andes, hoping to catch the expedition at Valparaiso. Along the way, Haenke managed to collect about 1400 plants, many of them new to science. Although his botanical work must have slowed them down, he managed to reach the coast in time to join Malaspina in April 1790. From there Haenke continued with the expedition for the next three years, collecting plants and recording his observations on botany, zoology, geology, and ethnology. They initially traveled up the west coast of the Americas as far as Alaska, then returned south to Acapulco and crossed the Pacific to explore the Philippines, Australia, and New Zealand. At each port of call Haenke focused on botany with varying results. In Yakutat Bay, Alaska the plants he collected were disappointingly similar to those in Europe so he focused instead on Indian culture, especially music. In Nootka Sound he made the first scientific collection of plants from Canada. Their brief stay in California enabled Haenke to collect and catalog over 250 species, most notably he was the first scientist to collect the seeds and specimens of the coast redwood. After crossing the Pacific, Haenke collected thousands of plants during their seven-month stay in the Philippines. Further collecting took place in Australia, New Zealand, and Tonga. In the summer of 1793 the expedition returned to Peru where Malaspina received orders to return home by way of Montevideo. Haenke was permitted to leave the ship with an assistant and cross overland to Buenos Aires with the intention of undertaking botanical and other scientific work along the way. Instead of rejoining the fleet again in the fall of 1794 as planned, Haenke became engrossed with the local botany and settled in Cochabamba, Bolivia to continue his scientific studies. For the next quarter-century, Haenke continued his botanical exploration of Bolivia, Peru and Brazil. In 1801 he made one of his most memorable discoveries, the giant water lily, Victoria amazonica, with a six-foot wide lily pad. In addition, Haenke maintained his own botanic garden, owned a silver mine and served as the local physician in his adopted home town, Cochabamba. He is also credited with establishing the manufacture of saltpeter in Chile and helping to start the glass industry there. Although he had always hoped to return to Europe, Haenke died unexpectedly in 1816 when he was accidentally poisoned by his maid. Legacy When Malaspina returned from his voyage he became embroiled in a dispute with Spain's minister, Manuel de Godoy, and was subsequently imprisoned for seven years. As a result, the official expedition report went unpublished for nearly a century, and many of the expedition's reports and findings were never released. Haenke's botanical collections consisting of more than 15.000 specimens were found in Cadiz after his death. They were bought in 1821 by the Czech National Museum and transferred to Prague. The Czech botanist Carl Bořivoj Presl spent nearly 15 years producing the "Reliquiae Haenkeanae" (published from 1825 to 1835), an exsiccata work based on Haenke's botanical specimens collected in the Americas and the Philippines and purchased in Cadiz. Six volumes were produced but ultimately the work remained unfinished due to a lack of funds. Presl, Carl Bořivoj. Reliquiae Haenkeanae: seu descriptiones et icones plantarum, quas in America meridionali et boreali, in insulis Philippinis et Marianis collegit Thaddaeus Haenke. J.G. Calve, Prague, 1830. Presl, Carl Bořivoj. Reliquiae Haenkeanae volume IHaenke Island and Haenke Glacier in Alaska are named in his honor. A small private museum, "Muzeum Tadeáše Haenkeho", was established at Haenke's birth home in Chřibská, Czech Republic. Around 240 taxa carry his name, including:Alpinia haenkei C.PreslBerberis haenkeana Presl ex Schult. f.Bromus haenkeanus (J.Presl) Kunth, Carex haenkeana C.PreslCeratochloa haenkeana J.PreslHymenoxys haenkeana DC.Leptosolena haenkei C.PreslLobelia haenkeana A.DC.Loranthus haenkeanus Presl ex Schult.f.Mascagnia haenkeana W.R.AndersonPseudogynoxys haenkei (DC.) CabreraPteris haenkeana C.PreslSalvia haenkei Benth.Schinopsis haenkeana Engl.Waltheria haenkeana D.Dietr. See also European and American voyages of scientific exploration Notes References English Non-English Kühnel, Josef: Thaddäus Haenke: Leben und Wirken eines Forschers. Munich: Lerche, 1960 Markstein, Heinz: Der sanfte Konquistador: die Geschichte des Thaddäus Xaverius Peregrinus Haenke. Stuttgart: Publ. Freies Geistesleben, 1991. Renée Gicklhorn, Thaddäus Haenkes Reisen und Arbeiten in Südamerika. Wiesbaden: F. Steiner, 1966. Frederik L. Kiziak, Alexander von Humboldt und Thaddäus Haenke. Reisetagebücher über Südamerika. Munich: GRIN Verlag, 2021. ISBN 9783346691804 (in German) María Victoria Ibáñez Montoya, Trabajos cientificos y correspondencia de Tadeo Haenke, Ministerio de Defensa & Museo Naval, La Expedicion Malaspina, 1789–1794, Tomo 4, Madrid, Barcelona: Lunwerg Editores, 1992. Renée Gicklhorn, "Neue Dokumente zum Beginn der Forschungsreisen von Thaddäus Haenke", Phyton 14 (1972), pp. 296–299. Andreas Daum, Alexander von Humboldt. Munich: C.H. Beck (2019a). Josef Haubelt, "Haenke, Born y Banks", Ibero-Americana Pragensia 4 (1970), pp. 179–197. Victoria Ibañez and Robert J. King, "A Letter from Thaddeus Haenke to Sir Joseph Banks", Archives of Natural History'' 23 (1996), pp. 255–260. External links multilingual project « Mit Böhmen zum Meer: Thaddäus Haenke» History of the Haenke-portrait by Vinzenz Grüner, discussing its use and modifications by nationalists Vom Amazonas nach Leipzig und London 1761 births 1816 deaths Cochabamba 18th-century Austrian botanists People from Děčín District Austrian explorers Austrian geographers Austrian people of German Bohemian descent 19th-century Austrian botanists
Leon Ong Chua (; ; born June 28, 1936) is an American electrical engineer and computer scientist. He is a professor in the electrical engineering and computer sciences department at the University of California, Berkeley, which he joined in 1971. He has contributed to nonlinear circuit theory and cellular neural network theory. He is the inventor and namesake of Chua's circuit one of the first and most widely known circuits to exhibit chaotic behavior, and was the first to conceive the theories behind, and postulate the existence of, the memristor. Thirty-seven years after he predicted its existence, a working solid-state memristor was created by a team led by R. Stanley Williams at Hewlett Packard. Alongside Tamas Roska, Chua also introduced the first algorithmically programmable analog cellular neural network (CNN) processor. Early life and education A first-generation Filipino-Chinese-American, Chua and his twin sister grew up as members of the Hokkien Chinese ethnic minority in the Philippines under the reign of the Empire of Japan during World War II. Of Hoklo ancestry, his parents immigrated from Jinjiang, Southern Fujian province. In 1959, he earned his BSEE degree from Mapúa Institute of Technology in Manila, Philippines. He briefly taught at Mapúa for a year, before emigrating to the United States on a scholarship to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned an MSEE degree in 1961. He then earned a Ph.D. from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign in 1964. His PhD thesis was entitled Nonlinear Network Analysis—The Parametric Approach. Over the ensuing years, he has received eight honorary doctorates. Chua has four daughters; the eldest, Amy Chua (a professor of law at Yale University), Katrin (a Professor of Medicine at Stanford University), and Cynthia (Cindy, a Special Olympics Gold medalist), and Michelle. In addition to his four daughters, Chua has seven grandchildren. Career Chua was a member of the faculty at Purdue University from 1964 to 1970 before joining Berkeley in 1971. His current research interests include cellular neural networks, nonlinear networks, nonlinear circuits and systems, nonlinear dynamics, bifurcation theory, and chaos theory. He was the editor of The International Journal of Bifurcation and Chaos until 2009, and is now the honorary editor. Awards and honors Member of the Academy of Europe, http://www.ae-info.org/ae/User/Chua_Leon Doctor Honoris Causa from the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Switzerland (1983) Honorary doctorate from the University of Tokushima, Japan (1984) Honorary doctorate from the Technische Universität Dresden, Germany (1992) Doctor Honoris Causa from the Technical University of Budapest, Hungary (1994) Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Santiago de Compostela, Spain (1995) Doctor Honoris Causa from the Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany (1996) Doctor Honoris Causa from the Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iaşi, Romania (1997) Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Catania, Italy (2000) Doctor Honoris Causa from the AGH University of Science and Technology, Poland (2003) Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Le Havre, France (2009) Doctor Honoris Causa from the KU Leuven, Belgium (2013) Doctor of Science Honoris Causa from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong (2014) Doctor Honoris Causa from the Polytechnic University of Turin, Italy (2015) IEEE Browder J. Thompson Memorial Prize Award (1967) IEEE Guillemin-Cauer Award (1972, 1985, 1989) IEEE W.R.G. Baker Prize Paper Award (1973), for the paper "Memristor: The Missing Circuit Element" in IEEE TRANSACTIONS on Circuit Theory, September 1971 IEEE Neural Networks Pioneer Award (2000) IEEE Gustav Robert Kirchhoff Award (2005), For seminal contributions to the foundation of nonlinear circuit theory, and for inventing Chua's Circuit and Cellular Networks, each spawning a new research area. M. E. Van Valkenburg Award (1995 and 1998) IEEE Circuits and Systems Society Vitold Belevitch Award (2007), For seminal contributions to nonlinear circuit theory, the first mathematically proven physical implementation of Chaos (Chua circuit), the local activity principle as the root of complexity, the cellular neural/nonlinear network principle and basic theory, and the qualitative theory of complexity in 1D cellular automata. 2010 Guggenheim Fellowship References External links Some of IEEE publications by Chua 1936 births Living people American computer scientists American electrical engineers American people of Chinese descent Chaos theorists Fellow Members of the IEEE Filipino emigrants to the United States Filipino people of Chinese descent Hokkien scientists Mapúa University alumni Members of Academia Europaea MIT School of Engineering alumni Purdue University faculty Filipino twins American twins UC Berkeley College of Engineering faculty Electrical engineering academics Grainger College of Engineering alumni
CourseInfo LLC, one of the two companies forming Blackboard Inc. was founded in 1997 by Daniel Cane and Stephen Gilfus while at Cornell University. They joined together to officially form the partnership known as CourseInfo and developed the company into a small course management software provider. The product at the time was called the Teachers Toolbox. In 1998, the CourseInfo team met two principals of Blackboard LLC while pursuing a grant for adaptive testing. Shortly after the two companies joined together to form what is now known as Blackboard Inc. Company formation CourseInfo was formed in late 1996- early 1997, via a partnership agreement between Cane and Gilfus. Early on Cane had begun developing web based scripts for professor Cindy van Es at Cornell for her statistics class. This activity was mostly driven by Dr. van Es's desire for bringing technology in the classroom and Cane's experience with new technologies. As one of the five supercomputer centers holding up ARPANET—the precursor underpinnings of the internet—Cornell was an early implementation of email, web and technology usage. Cornell had been using computer based course technology such as PLATO since the early 1970s. Product development In 1996, Cane wrote simple automated scripts for websites for instructors using the Perl programming language and Netscape 2.0. In 1997, after the founding of CourseInfo, version 1.0 of the "Teachers Toolbox" was launched including a series of named "Generator" tools including the course site generator, announcement generator, quiz generator, survey generator and other tools. Gilfus designed the features and functions and web design of the product through personal experience and instructor feedback while Cane developed the core technology of the product. Gilfus also led sales, marketing and product management for the company. Much of the company's initial communication was on educational listservs and web boards. In mid-1997, the "Interactive Learning Network" ILN 1.5, was released and installed at several academic institutions including Cornell University, Yale Medical School and University of Pittsburgh. The ILN was the first e-learning system of its kind to leverage and install on top of a relational database MySQL. Access control was added to provide security around course content. Guest access was provided for course shopping. In 1998, the CourseInfo product line (then the Interactive Learning Network or ILN) became the foundation for Blackboard's e-learning product line as Blackboard's CourseInfo. On April 29, 1998, the CourseInfo was among the first to implement emerging industry standards. On November 2, 1998, the company released CourseInfo 2.0, and on July 26, 1999, they released CourseInfo 3.0 CourseInfo 4.0. was released on October 26, 1999 On January 19, 2000, the company released CourseInfo Enterprise Edition. Prior to the Blackboard–CourseInfo merger, Blackboard was focused on developing a prototype for IMS (Instructional Management Systems). Blackboard overview Blackboard Inc. was formed by the joining of CourseInfo LLC, founded by Cane and Gilfus, and Blackboard LLC, founded by Michael Chasen and Matthew Pittinsky. Originally the Blackboard company began as a consulting firm contracting to the non-profit IMS Global Learning Consortium. In 1998, it merged with CourseInfo LLC, a small course management software provider that originated at Cornell University. The combined company became known as Blackboard Inc. The first line of e-learning products was branded Blackboard CourseInfo, but the CourseInfo brand was dropped in 2000. Blackboard went public in June 2004. It operated publicly until Providence Equity Partners purchased the company in 2011. As of January 2014, its software and services are used by approximately 17,000 schools and organizations in 100 countries. See also History of virtual learning environments History of virtual learning environments 1990s References Cornell University
Sorta was a rock band based in Dallas, Texas. The band has been honored with various awards over the years, including awards for individual group members, and a "Best Act in Town" win in 2006. In September 2007, the band's keyboardist, Carter Albrecht (who also played with Edie Brickell & New Bohemians) was shot and killed by his girlfriend's neighbor. Career Sorta was formed in 2000 by Trey Johnson and Danny Balis, after meeting in the Dallas bar the Barley House. Albrecht sat in on the keyboards at a gig shortly thereafter. They released their debut EP, Plays for Lovers, later that year. The band expanded in 2002, and released their first full-length album, Laugh Out Loud that same year. In 2003, Albrecht was honored as both Musician and Songwriter of the year by the Dallas Observer, while Trey Johnson received the Male Vocalist honors that same year. Two years later, they released Little Bay -- which has been called their "most fully realized studio creation to date" -- to wide acclaim. Paste called it "a batch of tunes as well crafted as any you’re likely to encounter this year." A song from that album, "Sink or Swim", was chosen by Liz Phair as one of 10 songs to be included on the Maybelline New York/JANE Reader CD for 2004. Chris Holt, who plays guitar and keys, joined the band in 2006, after having won the "Musician of the Year" given by the Dallas Observer the year before. After a long delay, caused by disagreements with the small label the band had signed with, Sorta released 2006's Strange and Sad but True. It was well received by both critics, and fans alike, as it was listed at #7 in the "Local Favorites" section of the October 7, 2007 issue of Rolling Stone, landing just ahead of Wilco, and just behind The White Stripes on the chart. The band was honored as "Best Act in Town" by the Observer in 2006, following a run that saw Liz Phair pick one of their songs in 2004, and shows such as Grey's Anatomy use their work as well. In 2007, Holt was honored again as Musician of the Year. The band released its final album, titled simply Sorta, in the fall of 2008 and performed its last show at the House of Blues in Dallas on October 23, 2008. Death of Carter Albrecht In the pre-dawn hours of 3 September 2007, Albrecht was shot and killed by his girlfriend's neighbor, William "Smokey" Logg, ironically also a local musician of some renown. After having some drinks with his girlfriend Ryann Rathbone at a Dallas bar, Albrecht became intoxicated. Rathbone drove him to her house, and they both took their dose of controversial prescription smoking cessation drug Chantix. A short while later, Albrecht began speaking incoherently, broke a drinking glass on a table, and hit Rathbone several times, something he had never done before. She ran outside, and Albrecht followed. Rathbone re-entered her home and locked the doors behind her. Albrecht yelled and pounded on her front door in an unsuccessful attempt to reenter her house. At this point, Albrecht went into Logg's backyard, apparently mistaking that yard for Rathbone's. Logg and his wife were awakened by the loud pounding and yelling at their back door. Logg told Albrecht to stop, but he did not; Logg then says he fired a "warning shot" through the door. The door was made of thick, opaque glass, and the porch was well lit. The shot hit the 6' 5" Albrecht in the head, and he died at the scene. No charges were filed.This effectively ended the band. Lineup Sorta's lineup was as follows: Trey Johnson-vocals, guitars (died 2022) Danny Balis-bass, guitar, vocals Trey Carmichael-drumkit Ward Williams-pedal steel, slide guitar Chris Holt-guitar, keys, vocals Tom Bridwell-drums References Rock music groups from Texas Musical groups from Dallas Musical groups established in 2001
Aptana, Inc. is a company that makes web application development tools for use with a variety of programming languages (such as JavaScript, Ruby, PHP and Python). Aptana's main products include Aptana Studio, Aptana Cloud and Aptana Jaxer. Aptana Studio Aptana Studio is an open-source integrated development environment (IDE) for building web applications. Based on Eclipse, it supports JavaScript, HTML, DOM and CSS with code-completion, outlining, JavaScript debugging, error and warning notifications and integrated documentation. Additional plugins allow Aptana Studio to support Ruby on Rails, PHP, Python, Perl, Adobe AIR, Apple iPhone and Nokia WRT (Web Runtime). Aptana Studio is available as a standalone on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux, or as a plugin for Eclipse. Language & platform support PHP Aptana Studio 3 provides the following support for PHP application development: Syntax Coloring according to the selected theme in the preferences; Code Assist; Syntax error annotations; Auto indentation and Code Formatting; Hyper-linking to classes, functions and variables by hovering over elements and pressing the Ctrl key; PHPDoc popups when hovering over items that have attached documentation; Read and write Occurrences Markers when clicking on specific PHP elements. In the 2.0 version, Aptana did not provide its own PHP plugin, but transferred development efforts to the PDT project. Aptana version 1.5 provided support for developing PHP applications via the add-on PHP plugin. This included: Built-in PHP server for previewing within Aptana Studio, Full code assist, code outlining and code formatting, Integrated PHP debugger, Built in Smarty, Type hierarchy view, Go to declaration, Integrated PHP manual (online or local). Ruby on Rails Aptana Studio supports Ruby on Rails development using RadRails, an open source plugin for the Ruby on Rails framework. This includes: Integrated Ruby on Rails shell console, Default-install and configuration of the Ruby interpreter, database and debugger, code completion with type inferencing, Code Assist for Ruby, CSS, JavaScript and HTML inside RHTML files, Type hierarchy view, Go to declaration, Call hierarchy, Full implementation of RDT (Eclipse's Ruby Development Tools project). Python Aptana Studio provides support for Python in the form of the PyDev plugin. This provides the following advantages: Color syntax highlighting; Code completion; Code outlining; Debugging Refactoring tools Interactive console Unittest integration Integrated support for the CPython, Jython and IronPython interpreters. Aptana announced that their previously commercial Pydev Extensions are now open sourced. Adobe AIR Aptana IDE provides considerable support for Adobe AIR. Nokia Web Runtime The Nokia Web Runtime provides support for developing rich mobile apps for Nokia S60 series phones. This includes over 30 models and tens of millions of units in use around the world. The Nokia WRT Plug-in for Aptana Studio provides features that enable the creation, editing, testing and deployment of WRT widgets from within Aptana Studio. WRT widgets are small, task-focused web applications that are installed and run in the same way as other S60 applications. WRT widgets allow websites or web services to be optimised for use on S60 devices. Because they are easy to develop and use, WRT widgets are ideal for driving traffic to a website from S60 devices. Features JavaScript Library Support Aptana Studio comes with the following JavaScript libraries, but more can be added or updated if desired. Adobe Spry Ext JS Aflax Rico Prototype Mochikit YUI Library Mootools Dojo toolkit jQuery Script.aculo.us Code Assist Code Assist is similar to completing code statements, by presenting a pop-up with either: the supported arguments for the function call being coded; the supported properties and methods on the desired object. This applies both to built-in functions/methods and to those already coded — but the latter use requires documenting such functions/methods with ScriptDoc, a documentation dialect similar to that used by Javadoc. Browser support The Code Assist feature includes information on browser support for JavaScript methods/properties, HTML elements and CSS properties. FTP/SFTP Support for uploading, downloading and synchronization using FTP and SFTP. Debugger Both Pro and Community editions support integrated JavaScript debugging for Firefox. Internet Explorer is supported only in the Pro Edition. System requirements Windows – 512 MB RAM, Pentium 4-level processor Mac OS X – 512 MB RAM, PowerPC G4/G5, Intel or Mac OS X 10.4+ Linux – 512 MB RAM, Pentium 4-level processor Editions Aptana Studio is available as an open source Community Edition. The previously available features in the paid-for Pro Edition were merged into the Community Edition. All of the features in Pro are now part of the standard Community Edition of Studio, thus Aptana ceased to exist as a multiple edition IDE. License Aptana uses a "dual licensing" model. Under this model, users may choose to use the Aptana IDE under the free software/open source GNU General Public License (commonly known as the "GPL") or under the Aptana Public License (known as the "APL"). With the GPL license, the Aptana IDE is available free of charge, as long as the redistribution (if any) of the Aptana IDE adheres to the terms of the GPL license. Users may download the software for free and modify, integrate and distribute it. Aptana also offers the simplified APL license for organizations that don't need to redistribute Aptana Studio or its derivatives outside of the company. License history When launched in 2006, Aptana was released under the Eclipse Public License 1.0. They were using the EPL until milestone 8. The first few builds of milestone 9 were licensed under the Eclipse Public License 1.0 until nightly build 16120. One nightly build of milestone 9 was licensed under the GNU General Public License 3.0 (build 16204) Builds after 16204 have been licensed as Freeware with redistribution restrictions licensed under the Aptana Public License, v1.0. On September 21, 2007, Aptana announced they would be using a dual license: GPL V3 and the freeware APL. Company Aptana is currently led by Paul Colton, Founder and CEO, Uri Sarid, CTO/VP, Engineering and Kevin Hakman, Director of Evangelism. The staff headcount surpassed 25 after September 1, 2008. Aptana is an active participant in the OpenAjax Alliance, with Hakman serving as director of the IDE Working Group. Aptana was acquired by Appcelerator, Inc. on January 7, 2011. Employees of Aptana were absorbed to the Mountain View campus of Appcelerator and work is scheduled to continue on the release of Aptana 3.0. Appcelerator in their webcast made users aware of their intention to integrate their mobile application framework with Aptana Studio, with a planned beta within Q1 2011. Emphasis on visual workflow was indicated for both of the products and continued support will continue for existing Aptana products. Appcelerator put Jaxer on GitHub. Other products Aptana Jaxer Aptana Jaxer, made obsolete by Node.js, is an open-source Ajax web server for building rich web pages and applications using a unified Ajax model wherein both client-side and server-side code can be written in JavaScript. Jaxer's server-side engine is based on Mozilla Gecko, the same browser engine that is used in Firefox. The Mozilla engine allows Jaxer to provide a server-side DOM in which a page may be manipulated during server-side processing using the techniques familiar to client-side programmers. Jaxer's server-side JavaScript APIs enable database access, file system access, network communications, user sessions and other functions typical of web application servers. Jaxer also provides for access to Java objects via the open source Direct Web Remoting project. Jaxer is now on GitHub. Aptana Jaxer provides a page-processing environment based on the Mozilla engine. This provides a Gecko-based DOM and SpiderMonkey JavaScript engine to allow pages to be rendered and manipulated on the server before being sent to the browser. Jaxer also provides an Ajax model for performing asynchronous requests to the server. Its client and server APIs allow such requests to be made by simply calling server-side JavaScript functions from the client. Behind the scenes, Jaxer provides the logic required to manage the request and retrieve the response from the server. It is useful for Web scraping. Jaxer is not a standalone web server, but works with another server such as Apache, Jetty or Tomcat. Jaxer provides server-side DOM and API processing for pages served by the web server before delivering the results to the browser. Jaxer may be integrated into Aptana Studio via an optional plugin. It is open source (GPL) and available for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux/Solaris. As of November 2009 Aptana has significantly scaled back development and support of Jaxer. An Aptana representative noted that "there hasn't been sufficient adoption to make it a money earning proposition." Aptana Cloud Connect Aptana Cloud Connect is Aptana's web hosting and application management service. Cloud Connect provides the infrastructure required to host applications developed using technologies supported by Aptana Studio and is primarily based on Apache, with support for general web/Ajax, PHP, Ruby on Rails and Jaxer. Cloud Connect also supports Java-based web applications, which may be deployed and managed using the Cloud service. All applications hosted on Cloud Connect may be developed offline, deployed and managed directly using the Cloud management features included in Aptana Studio. The Cloud Connect service also provides team management, hosted source control (using Subversion), remote editing/preview and application synchronization between local, staging and production environments. See also List of Eclipse-based software Eclipse NetBeans References External links Aptana – official website Cloud computing providers Free HTML editors Free integrated development environments Linux integrated development environments Software using the GPL license
The Revival is a free quarterly British magazine aimed at young Muslims, covering issues faced by Muslim youth. It was co-founded by current editor Sajid Iqbal in the spring of 1996 as a four-page black and white newsletter to be distributed in Oldham. out of frustration with the lack of Islamic literature. The newsletter expanded rapidly through voluntary distribution, initially to Manchester, then the North West, and finally the whole UK. From 2003 until 2005 The Revival appeared solely in an online format. In May 2005, The Revival was relaunched as a national magazine. The magazine had a circulation of approximately 15,000 in 2006. Media coverage In the aftermath of the July 7 bombings in London Revival assistant editor Irfan Khan was interviewed by the Observer. In August 2005, when UK Home Office minister Hazel Blears visited Oldham, there was publicity surrounding Zahid Maqbool, spokesperson and assistant editor of The Revival, from spots on outlets such as BBC Radio 4 to pieces on major news outlets such as The Guardian, BBC News, and The Telegraph. See more References External links The Revival 1996 establishments in the United Kingdom Free magazines Islamic magazines Islam in the United Kingdom Magazines established in 1996 Mass media in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham Quarterly magazines published in the United Kingdom Religious magazines published in the United Kingdom Religious works for children
Microsoft Fingerprint Reader was a device sold by Microsoft, primarily for homes and small businesses. The underlying software providing the biometrics was developed by Digital Persona. Fingerprint readers are more secure, reliable and convenient than a normal traditional password, although they have been subject to spoofing. A fingerprint recognition system is more tightly linked to a specific user than, e.g., an access card, which can be stolen. History First released on September 4 2004, this device was supported by Windows XP and Windows Vista x86 operating systems. It was discontinued shortly after Windows Vista was released. Functionality The Fingerprint Reader's software allows the registration of up to ten fingerprints per device. Login names and passwords associated with the registered fingerprints were stored in a database on the user's computer. On presentation of an authorized fingerprint, the software passes the associated login names and passwords to compatible applications and websites, allowing login without a keyboard. If the software finds that the particular fingerprint does not match one it its database, it declines the access. Application 64-bit Windows The Microsoft Fingerprint Reader may be modified to work with 64-bit Windows. Firefox browser The reader works with Firefox using the FingerFox Add-on. See also Fingerprint Fingerprint Verification Competition References External links WebArchive of MS Fingerprint home page FingerprintReader Biometrics Computer access control
A computer program is a sequence or set of instructions in a programming language for a computer to execute. It is one component of software, which also includes documentation and other intangible components. A computer program in its human-readable form is called source code. Source code needs another computer program to execute because computers can only execute their native machine instructions. Therefore, source code may be translated to machine instructions using the language's compiler. (Assembly language programs are translated using an assembler.) The resulting file is called an executable. Alternatively, source code may execute within the language's interpreter. If the executable is requested for execution, then the operating system loads it into memory and starts a process. The central processing unit will soon switch to this process so it can fetch, decode, and then execute each machine instruction. If the source code is requested for execution, then the operating system loads the corresponding interpreter into memory and starts a process. The interpreter then loads the source code into memory to translate and execute each statement. Running the source code is slower than running an executable. Moreover, the interpreter must be installed on the computer. Example computer program The "Hello, World!" program is used to illustrate a language's basic syntax. The syntax of the language BASIC (1964) was intentionally limited to make the language easy to learn. For example, variables are not declared before being used. Also, variables are automatically initialized to zero. Here is an example computer program, in Basic, to average a list of numbers: 10 INPUT "How many numbers to average?", A 20 FOR I = 1 TO A 30 INPUT "Enter number:", B 40 LET C = C + B 50 NEXT I 60 LET D = C/A 70 PRINT "The average is", D 80 END Once the mechanics of basic computer programming are learned, more sophisticated and powerful languages are available to build large computer systems. History Improvements in software development are the result of improvements in computer hardware. At each stage in hardware's history, the task of computer programming changed dramatically. Analytical Engine In 1837, Jacquard's loom inspired Charles Babbage to attempt to build the Analytical Engine. The names of the components of the calculating device were borrowed from the textile industry. In the textile industry, yarn was brought from the store to be milled. The device had a "store" which consisted of memory to hold 1,000 numbers of 50 decimal digits each. Numbers from the "store" were transferred to the "mill" for processing. It was programmed using two sets of perforated cards. One set directed the operation and the other set inputted the variables. However, the thousands of cogged wheels and gears never fully worked together, even after Babbage spent more than £17,000 of government money. Ada Lovelace worked for Charles Babbage to create a description of the Analytical Engine (1843). The description contained Note G which completely detailed a method for calculating Bernoulli numbers using the Analytical Engine. This note is recognized by some historians as the world's first computer program. Other historians consider Babbage himself wrote the first computer program for the Analytical Engine. It listed a sequence of operations to compute the solution for a system of two linear equations. Universal Turing machine In 1936, Alan Turing introduced the Universal Turing machine, a theoretical device that can model every computation. It is a finite-state machine that has an infinitely long read/write tape. The machine can move the tape back and forth, changing its contents as it performs an algorithm. The machine starts in the initial state, goes through a sequence of steps, and halts when it encounters the halt state. All present-day computers are Turing complete. ENIAC The Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer (ENIAC) was built between July 1943 and Fall 1945. It was a Turing complete, general-purpose computer that used 17,468 vacuum tubes to create the circuits. At its core, it was a series of Pascalines wired together. Its 40 units weighed 30 tons, occupied , and consumed $650 per hour (in 1940s currency) in electricity when idle. It had 20 base-10 accumulators. Programming the ENIAC took up to two months. Three function tables were on wheels and needed to be rolled to fixed function panels. Function tables were connected to function panels by plugging heavy black cables into plugboards. Each function table had 728 rotating knobs. Programming the ENIAC also involved setting some of the 3,000 switches. Debugging a program took a week. It ran from 1947 until 1955 at Aberdeen Proving Ground, calculating hydrogen bomb parameters, predicting weather patterns, and producing firing tables to aim artillery guns. Stored-program computers Instead of plugging in cords and turning switches, a stored-program computer loads its instructions into memory just like it loads its data into memory. As a result, the computer could be programmed quickly and perform calculations at very fast speeds. Presper Eckert and John Mauchly built the ENIAC. The two engineers introduced the stored-program concept in a three-page memo dated February 1944. Later, in September 1944, Dr. John von Neumann began working on the ENIAC project. On June 30, 1945, von Neumann published the First Draft of a Report on the EDVAC, which equated the structures of the computer with the structures of the human brain. The design became known as the von Neumann architecture. The architecture was simultaneously deployed in the constructions of the EDVAC and EDSAC computers in 1949. The IBM System/360 (1964) was a family of computers, each having the same instruction set architecture. The Model 20 was the smallest and least expensive. Customers could upgrade and retain the same application software. The Model 195 was the most premium. Each System/360 model featured multiprogramming—having multiple processes in memory at once. When one process was waiting for input/output, another could compute. IBM planned for each model to be programmed using PL/1. A committee was formed that included COBOL, Fortran and ALGOL programmers. The purpose was to develop a language that was comprehensive, easy to use, extendible, and would replace Cobol and Fortran. The result was a large and complex language that took a long time to compile. Computers manufactured until the 1970s had front-panel switches for manual programming. The computer program was written on paper for reference. An instruction was represented by a configuration of on/off settings. After setting the configuration, an execute button was pressed. This process was then repeated. Computer programs also were automatically inputted via paper tape, punched cards or magnetic-tape. After the medium was loaded, the starting address was set via switches, and the execute button was pressed. Very Large Scale Integration A major milestone in software development was the invention of the Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) circuit (1964). Following World War II, tube-based technology was replaced with point-contact transistors (1947) and bipolar junction transistors (late 1950s) mounted on a circuit board. During the 1960s, the aerospace industry replaced the circuit board with an integrated circuit chip. Robert Noyce, co-founder of Fairchild Semiconductor (1957) and Intel (1968), achieved a technological improvement to refine the production of field-effect transistors (1963). The goal is to alter the electrical resistivity and conductivity of a semiconductor junction. First, naturally occurring silicate minerals are converted into polysilicon rods using the Siemens process. The Czochralski process then converts the rods into a monocrystalline silicon, boule crystal. The crystal is then thinly sliced to form a wafer substrate. The planar process of photolithography then integrates unipolar transistors, capacitors, diodes, and resistors onto the wafer to build a matrix of metal–oxide–semiconductor (MOS) transistors. The MOS transistor is the primary component in integrated circuit chips. Originally, integrated circuit chips had their function set during manufacturing. During the 1960s, controlling the electrical flow migrated to programming a matrix of read-only memory (ROM). The matrix resembled a two-dimensional array of fuses. The process to embed instructions onto the matrix was to burn out the unneeded connections. There were so many connections, firmware programmers wrote a computer program on another chip to oversee the burning. The technology became known as Programmable ROM. In 1971, Intel installed the computer program onto the chip and named it the Intel 4004 microprocessor. The terms microprocessor and central processing unit (CPU) are now used interchangeably. However, CPUs predate microprocessors. For example, the IBM System/360 (1964) had a CPU made from circuit boards containing discrete components on ceramic substrates. Sac State 8008 The Intel 4004 (1971) was a 4-bit microprocessor designed to run the Busicom calculator. Five months after its release, Intel released the Intel 8008, an 8-bit microprocessor. Bill Pentz led a team at Sacramento State to build the first microcomputer using the Intel 8008: the Sac State 8008 (1972). Its purpose was to store patient medical records. The computer supported a disk operating system to run a Memorex, 3-megabyte, hard disk drive. It had a color display and keyboard that was packaged in a single console. The disk operating system was programmed using IBM's Basic Assembly Language (BAL). The medical records application was programmed using a BASIC interpreter. However, the computer was an evolutionary dead-end because it was extremely expensive. Also, it was built at a public university lab for a specific purpose. Nonetheless, the project contributed to the development of the Intel 8080 (1974) instruction set. x86 series In 1978, the modern software development environment began when Intel upgraded the Intel 8080 to the Intel 8086. Intel simplified the Intel 8086 to manufacture the cheaper Intel 8088. IBM embraced the Intel 8088 when they entered the personal computer market (1981). As consumer demand for personal computers increased, so did Intel's microprocessor development. The succession of development is known as the x86 series. The x86 assembly language is a family of backward-compatible machine instructions. Machine instructions created in earlier microprocessors were retained throughout microprocessor upgrades. This enabled consumers to purchase new computers without having to purchase new application software. The major categories of instructions are: Memory instructions to set and access numbers and strings in random-access memory. Integer arithmetic logic unit (ALU) instructions to perform the primary arithmetic operations on integers. Floating point ALU instructions to perform the primary arithmetic operations on real numbers. Call stack instructions to push and pop words needed to allocate memory and interface with functions. Single instruction, multiple data (SIMD) instructions to increase speed when multiple processors are available to perform the same algorithm on an array of data. Changing programming environment VLSI circuits enabled the programming environment to advance from a computer terminal (until the 1990s) to a graphical user interface (GUI) computer. Computer terminals limited programmers to a single shell running in a command-line environment. During the 1970s, full-screen source code editing became possible through a text-based user interface. Regardless of the technology available, the goal is to program in a programming language. Programming paradigms and languages Programming language features exist to provide building blocks to be combined to express programming ideals. Ideally, a programming language should: express ideas directly in the code. express independent ideas independently. express relationships among ideas directly in the code. combine ideas freely. combine ideas only where combinations make sense. express simple ideas simply. The programming style of a programming language to provide these building blocks may be categorized into programming paradigms. For example, different paradigms may differentiate: procedural languages, functional languages, and logical languages. different levels of data abstraction. different levels of class hierarchy. different levels of input datatypes, as in container types and generic programming. Each of these programming styles has contributed to the synthesis of different programming languages. A programming language is a set of keywords, symbols, identifiers, and rules by which programmers can communicate instructions to the computer. They follow a set of rules called a syntax. Keywords are reserved words to form declarations and statements. Symbols are characters to form operations, assignments, control flow, and delimiters. Identifiers are words created by programmers to form constants, variable names, structure names, and function names. Syntax Rules are defined in the Backus–Naur form. Programming languages get their basis from formal languages. The purpose of defining a solution in terms of its formal language is to generate an algorithm to solve the underlining problem. An algorithm is a sequence of simple instructions that solve a problem. Generations of programming language The evolution of programming language began when the EDSAC (1949) used the first stored computer program in its von Neumann architecture. Programming the EDSAC was in the first generation of programming language. The first generation of programming language is machine language. Machine language requires the programmer to enter instructions using instruction numbers called machine code. For example, the ADD operation on the PDP-11 has instruction number 24576. The second generation of programming language is assembly language. Assembly language allows the programmer to use mnemonic instructions instead of remembering instruction numbers. An assembler translates each assembly language mnemonic into its machine language number. For example, on the PDP-11, the operation 24576 can be referenced as ADD in the source code. The four basic arithmetic operations have assembly instructions like ADD, SUB, MUL, and DIV. Computers also have instructions like DW (Define Word) to reserve memory cells. Then the MOV instruction can copy integers between registers and memory. The basic structure of an assembly language statement is a label, operation, operand, and comment. Labels allow the programmer to work with variable names. The assembler will later translate labels into physical memory addresses. Operations allow the programmer to work with mnemonics. The assembler will later translate mnemonics into instruction numbers. Operands tell the assembler which data the operation will process. Comments allow the programmer to articulate a narrative because the instructions alone are vague. The key characteristic of an assembly language program is it forms a one-to-one mapping to its corresponding machine language target. The third generation of programming language uses compilers and interpreters to execute computer programs. The distinguishing feature of a third generation language is its independence from particular hardware. Early languages include Fortran (1958), COBOL (1959), ALGOL (1960), and BASIC (1964). In 1973, the C programming language emerged as a high-level language that produced efficient machine language instructions. Whereas third-generation languages historically generated many machine instructions for each statement, C has statements that may generate a single machine instruction. Moreover, an optimizing compiler might overrule the programmer and produce fewer machine instructions than statements. Today, an entire paradigm of languages fill the imperative, third generation spectrum. The fourth generation of programming language emphasizes what output results are desired, rather than how programming statements should be constructed. Declarative languages attempt to limit side effects and allow programmers to write code with relatively few errors. One popular fourth generation language is called Structured Query Language (SQL). Database developers no longer need to process each database record one at a time. Also, a simple statement can generate output records without having to understand how they are retrieved. Imperative languages Imperative languages specify a sequential algorithm using declarations, expressions, and statements: A declaration introduces a variable name to the computer program and assigns it to a datatype – for example: var x: integer; An expression yields a value – for example: 2 + 2 yields 4 A statement might assign an expression to a variable or use the value of a variable to alter the program's control flow – for example: x := 2 + 2; if x = 4 then do_something(); Fortran FORTRAN (1958) was unveiled as "The IBM Mathematical FORmula TRANslating system." It was designed for scientific calculations, without string handling facilities. Along with declarations, expressions, and statements, it supported: arrays. subroutines. "do" loops. It succeeded because: programming and debugging costs were below computer running costs. it was supported by IBM. applications at the time were scientific. However, non-IBM vendors also wrote Fortran compilers, but with a syntax that would likely fail IBM's compiler. The American National Standards Institute (ANSI) developed the first Fortran standard in 1966. In 1978, Fortran 77 became the standard until 1991. Fortran 90 supports: records. pointers to arrays. COBOL COBOL (1959) stands for "COmmon Business Oriented Language." Fortran manipulated symbols. It was soon realized that symbols did not need to be numbers, so strings were introduced. The US Department of Defense influenced COBOL's development, with Grace Hopper being a major contributor. The statements were English-like and verbose. The goal was to design a language so managers could read the programs. However, the lack of structured statements hindered this goal. COBOL's development was tightly controlled, so dialects did not emerge to require ANSI standards. As a consequence, it was not changed for 15 years until 1974. The 1990s version did make consequential changes, like object-oriented programming. Algol ALGOL (1960) stands for "ALGOrithmic Language." It had a profound influence on programming language design. Emerging from a committee of European and American programming language experts, it used standard mathematical notation and had a readable, structured design. Algol was first to define its syntax using the Backus–Naur form. This led to syntax-directed compilers. It added features like: block structure, where variables were local to their block. arrays with variable bounds. "for" loops. functions. recursion. Algol's direct descendants include Pascal, Modula-2, Ada, Delphi and Oberon on one branch. On another branch the descendants include C, C++ and Java. Basic BASIC (1964) stands for "Beginner's All-Purpose Symbolic Instruction Code." It was developed at Dartmouth College for all of their students to learn. If a student did not go on to a more powerful language, the student would still remember Basic. A Basic interpreter was installed in the microcomputers manufactured in the late 1970s. As the microcomputer industry grew, so did the language. Basic pioneered the interactive session. It offered operating system commands within its environment: The 'new' command created an empty slate. Statements evaluated immediately. Statements could be programmed by preceding them with a line number. The 'list' command displayed the program. The 'run' command executed the program. However, the Basic syntax was too simple for large programs. Recent dialects added structure and object-oriented extensions. Microsoft's Visual Basic is still widely used and produces a graphical user interface. C C programming language (1973) got its name because the language BCPL was replaced with B, and AT&T Bell Labs called the next version "C." Its purpose was to write the UNIX operating system. C is a relatively small language, making it easy to write compilers. Its growth mirrored the hardware growth in the 1980s. Its growth also was because it has the facilities of assembly language, but uses a high-level syntax. It added advanced features like: inline assembler. arithmetic on pointers. pointers to functions. bit operations. freely combining complex operators. C allows the programmer to control which region of memory data is to be stored. Global variables and static variables require the fewest clock cycles to store. The stack is automatically used for the standard variable declarations. Heap memory is returned to a pointer variable from the malloc() function. The global and static data region is located just above the program region. (The program region is technically called the text region. It's where machine instructions are stored.) The global and static data region is technically two regions. One region is called the initialized data segment, where variables declared with default values are stored. The other region is called the block started by segment, where variables declared without default values are stored. Variables stored in the global and static data region have their addresses set at compile-time. They retain their values throughout the life of the process. The global and static region stores the global variables that are declared on top of (outside) the main() function. Global variables are visible to main() and every other function in the source code. On the other hand, variable declarations inside of main(), other functions, or within { } block delimiters are local variables. Local variables also include formal parameter variables. Parameter variables are enclosed within the parenthesis of function definitions. They provide an interface to the function. Local variables declared using the static prefix are also stored in the global and static data region. Unlike global variables, static variables are only visible within the function or block. Static variables always retain their value. An example usage would be the function int increment_counter(){static int counter = 0; counter++; return counter;} The stack region is a contiguous block of memory located near the top memory address. Variables placed in the stack are populated from top to bottom. A stack pointer is a special-purpose register that keeps track of the last memory address populated. Variables are placed into the stack via the assembly language PUSH instruction. Therefore, the addresses of these variables are set during runtime. The method for stack variables to lose their scope is via the POP instruction. Local variables declared without the static prefix, including formal parameter variables, are called automatic variables and are stored in the stack. They are visible inside the function or block and lose their scope upon exiting the function or block. The heap region is located below the stack. It is populated from the bottom to the top. The operating system manages the heap using a heap pointer and a list of allocated memory blocks. Like the stack, the addresses of heap variables are set during runtime. An out of memory error occurs when the heap pointer and the stack pointer meet. C provides the malloc() library function to allocate heap memory. Populating the heap with data is an additional copy function. Variables stored in the heap are economically passed to functions using pointers. Without pointers, the entire block of data would have to be passed to the function via the stack. C++ In the 1970s, software engineers needed language support to break large projects down into modules. One obvious feature was to decompose large projects physically into separate files. A less obvious feature was to decompose large projects logically into abstract datatypes. At the time, languages supported concrete (scalar) datatypes like integer numbers, floating-point numbers, and strings of characters. Abstract datatypes are structures of concrete datatypes, with a new name assigned. For example, a list of integers could be called integer_list. In object-oriented jargon, abstract datatypes are called classes. However, a class is only a definition; no memory is allocated. When memory is allocated to a class and bound to an identifier, it's called an object. Object-oriented imperative languages developed by combining the need for classes and the need for safe functional programming. A function, in an object-oriented language, is assigned to a class. An assigned function is then referred to as a method, member function, or operation. Object-oriented programming is executing operations on objects. Object-oriented languages support a syntax to model subset/superset relationships. In set theory, an element of a subset inherits all the attributes contained in the superset. For example, a student is a person. Therefore, the set of students is a subset of the set of persons. As a result, students inherit all the attributes common to all persons. Additionally, students have unique attributes that other people do not have. Object-oriented languages model subset/superset relationships using inheritance. Object-oriented programming became the dominant language paradigm by the late 1990s. C++ (1985) was originally called "C with Classes." It was designed to expand C's capabilities by adding the object-oriented facilities of the language Simula. An object-oriented module is composed of two files. The definitions file is called the header file. Here is a C++ header file for the GRADE class in a simple school application: // grade.h // ------- // Used to allow multiple source files to include // this header file without duplication errors. // ---------------------------------------------- #ifndef GRADE_H #define GRADE_H class GRADE { public: // This is the constructor operation. // ---------------------------------- GRADE ( const char letter ); // This is a class variable. // ------------------------- char letter; // This is a member operation. // --------------------------- int grade_numeric( const char letter ); // This is a class variable. // ------------------------- int numeric; }; #endif A constructor operation is a function with the same name as the class name. It is executed when the calling operation executes the new statement. A module's other file is the source file. Here is a C++ source file for the GRADE class in a simple school application: // grade.cpp // --------- #include "grade.h" GRADE::GRADE( const char letter ) { // Reference the object using the keyword 'this'. // ---------------------------------------------- this->letter = letter; // This is Temporal Cohesion // ------------------------- this->numeric = grade_numeric( letter ); } int GRADE::grade_numeric( const char letter ) { if ( ( letter == 'A' || letter == 'a' ) ) return 4; else if ( ( letter == 'B' || letter == 'b' ) ) return 3; else if ( ( letter == 'C' || letter == 'c' ) ) return 2; else if ( ( letter == 'D' || letter == 'd' ) ) return 1; else if ( ( letter == 'F' || letter == 'f' ) ) return 0; else return -1; } Here is a C++ header file for the PERSON class in a simple school application: // person.h // -------- #ifndef PERSON_H #define PERSON_H class PERSON { public: PERSON ( const char *name ); const char *name; }; #endif Here is a C++ source file for the PERSON class in a simple school application: // person.cpp // ---------- #include "person.h" PERSON::PERSON ( const char *name ) { this->name = name; } Here is a C++ header file for the STUDENT class in a simple school application: // student.h // --------- #ifndef STUDENT_H #define STUDENT_H #include "person.h" #include "grade.h" // A STUDENT is a subset of PERSON. // -------------------------------- class STUDENT : public PERSON{ public: STUDENT ( const char *name ); GRADE *grade; }; #endif Here is a C++ source file for the STUDENT class in a simple school application: // student.cpp // ----------- #include "student.h" #include "person.h" STUDENT::STUDENT ( const char *name ): // Execute the constructor of the PERSON superclass. // ------------------------------------------------- PERSON( name ) { // Nothing else to do. // ------------------- } Here is a driver program for demonstration: // student_dvr.cpp // --------------- #include <iostream> #include "student.h" int main( void ) { STUDENT *student = new STUDENT( "The Student" ); student->grade = new GRADE( 'a' ); std::cout // Notice student inherits PERSON's name << student->name << ": Numeric grade = " << student->grade->numeric << "\n"; return 0; } Here is a makefile to compile everything: # makefile # -------- all: student_dvr clean: rm student_dvr *.o student_dvr: student_dvr.cpp grade.o student.o person.o c++ student_dvr.cpp grade.o student.o person.o -o student_dvr grade.o: grade.cpp grade.h c++ -c grade.cpp student.o: student.cpp student.h c++ -c student.cpp person.o: person.cpp person.h c++ -c person.cpp Declarative languages Imperative languages have one major criticism: assigning an expression to a non-local variable may produce an unintended side effect. Declarative languages generally omit the assignment statement and the control flow. They describe what computation should be performed and not how to compute it. Two broad categories of declarative languages are functional languages and logical languages. The principle behind a functional language is to use lambda calculus as a guide for a well defined semantic. In mathematics, a function is a rule that maps elements from an expression to a range of values. Consider the function: times_10(x) = 10 * x The expression 10 * x is mapped by the function times_10() to a range of values. One value happens to be 20. This occurs when x is 2. So, the application of the function is mathematically written as: times_10(2) = 20 A functional language compiler will not store this value in a variable. Instead, it will push the value onto the computer's stack before setting the program counter back to the calling function. The calling function will then pop the value from the stack. Imperative languages do support functions. Therefore, functional programming can be achieved in an imperative language, if the programmer uses discipline. However, a functional language will force this discipline onto the programmer through its syntax. Functional languages have a syntax tailored to emphasize the what. A functional program is developed with a set of primitive functions followed by a single driver function. Consider the snippet: function max(a,b){/* code omitted */} function min(a,b){/* code omitted */} function difference_between_largest_and_smallest(a,b,c) { return max(a,max(b,c)) - min(a, min(b,c)); } The primitives are max() and min(). The driver function is difference_between_largest_and_smallest(). Executing: put(difference_between_largest_and_smallest(10,4,7)); will output 6. Functional languages are used in computer science research to explore new language features. Moreover, their lack of side-effects have made them popular in parallel programming and concurrent programming. However, application developers prefer the object-oriented features of imperative languages. Lisp Lisp (1958) stands for "LISt Processor." It is tailored to process lists. A full structure of the data is formed by building lists of lists. In memory, a tree data structure is built. Internally, the tree structure lends nicely for recursive functions. The syntax to build a tree is to enclose the space-separated elements within parenthesis. The following is a list of three elements. The first two elements are themselves lists of two elements: ((A B) (HELLO WORLD) 94) Lisp has functions to extract and reconstruct elements. The function head() returns a list containing the first element in the list. The function tail() returns a list containing everything but the first element. The function cons() returns a list that is the concatenation of other lists. Therefore, the following expression will return the list x: cons(head(x), tail(x)) One drawback of Lisp is when many functions are nested, the parentheses may look confusing. Modern Lisp environments help ensure parenthesis match. As an aside, Lisp does support the imperative language operations of the assignment statement and goto loops. Also, Lisp is not concerned with the datatype of the elements at compile time. Instead, it assigns (and may reassign) the datatypes at runtime. Assigning the datatype at runtime is called dynamic binding. Whereas dynamic binding increases the language's flexibility, programming errors may linger until late in the software development process. Writing large, reliable, and readable Lisp programs requires forethought. If properly planned, the program may be much shorter than an equivalent imperative language program. Lisp is widely used in artificial intelligence. However, its usage has been accepted only because it has imperative language operations, making unintended side-effects possible. ML ML (1973) stands for "Meta Language." ML checks to make sure only data of the same type are compared with one another. For example, this function has one input parameter (an integer) and returns an integer: ML is not parenthesis-eccentric like Lisp. The following is an application of times_10(): times_10 2 It returns "20 : int". (Both the results and the datatype are returned.) Like Lisp, ML is tailored to process lists. Unlike Lisp, each element is the same datatype. Moreover, ML assigns the datatype of an element at compile-time. Assigning the datatype at compile-time is called static binding. Static binding increases reliability because the compiler checks the context of variables before they are used. Prolog Prolog (1972) stands for "PROgramming in LOGic." It is a logic programming language, based on formal logic. The language was developed by Alain Colmerauer and Philippe Roussel in Marseille, France. It is an implementation of Selective Linear Definite clause resolution, pioneered by Robert Kowalski and others at the University of Edinburgh. The building blocks of a Prolog program are facts and rules. Here is a simple example: cat(tom). % tom is a cat mouse(jerry). % jerry is a mouse animal(X) :- cat(X). % each cat is an animal animal(X) :- mouse(X). % each mouse is an animal big(X) :- cat(X). % each cat is big small(X) :- mouse(X). % each mouse is small eat(X,Y) :- mouse(X), cheese(Y). % each mouse eats each cheese eat(X,Y) :- big(X), small(Y). % each big animal eats each small animal After all the facts and rules are entered, then a question can be asked: Will Tom eat Jerry? ?- eat(tom,jerry). true The following example shows how Prolog will convert a letter grade to its numeric value: numeric_grade('A', 4). numeric_grade('B', 3). numeric_grade('C', 2). numeric_grade('D', 1). numeric_grade('F', 0). numeric_grade(X, -1) :- not X = 'A', not X = 'B', not X = 'C', not X = 'D', not X = 'F'. grade('The Student', 'A'). ?- grade('The Student', X), numeric_grade(X, Y). X = 'A', Y = 4 Here is a comprehensive example: 1) All dragons billow fire, or equivalently, a thing billows fire if the thing is a dragon: billows_fire(X) :- is_a_dragon(X). 2) A creature billows fire if one of its parents billows fire: billows_fire(X) :- is_a_creature(X), is_a_parent_of(Y,X), billows_fire(Y). 3) A thing X is a parent of a thing Y if X is the mother of Y or X is the father of Y: is_a_parent_of(X, Y):- is_the_mother_of(X, Y). is_a_parent_of(X, Y):- is_the_father_of(X, Y). 4) A thing is a creature if the thing is a dragon: is_a_creature(X) :- is_a_dragon(X). 5) Norberta is a dragon, and Puff is a creature. Norberta is the mother of Puff. is_a_dragon(norberta). is_a_creature(puff). is_the_mother_of(norberta, puff). Rule (2) is a recursive (inductive) definition. It can be understood declaratively, without the need to understand how it is executed. Rule (3) shows how functions are represented by using relations. Here, the mother and father functions ensure that every individual has only one mother and only one father. Prolog is an untyped language. Nonetheless, inheritance can be represented by using predicates. Rule (4) asserts that a creature is a superclass of a dragon. Questions are answered using backward reasoning. Given the question: ?- billows_fire(X). Prolog generates two answers : X = norberta X = puff Practical applications for Prolog are knowledge representation and problem solving in artificial intelligence. Object-oriented programming Object-oriented programming is a programming method to execute operations (functions) on objects. The basic idea is to group the characteristics of a phenomenon into an object container and give the container a name. The operations on the phenomenon are also grouped into the container. Object-oriented programming developed by combining the need for containers and the need for safe functional programming. This programming method need not be confined to an object-oriented language. In an object-oriented language, an object container is called a class. In a non-object-oriented language, a data structure (which is also known as a record) may become an object container. To turn a data structure into an object container, operations need to be written specifically for the structure. The resulting structure is called an abstract datatype. However, inheritance will be missing. Nonetheless, this shortcoming can be overcome. Here is a C programming language header file for the GRADE abstract datatype in a simple school application: /* grade.h */ /* ------- */ /* Used to allow multiple source files to include */ /* this header file without duplication errors. */ /* ---------------------------------------------- */ #ifndef GRADE_H #define GRADE_H typedef struct { char letter; } GRADE; /* Constructor */ /* ----------- */ GRADE *grade_new( char letter ); int grade_numeric( char letter ); #endif The grade_new() function performs the same algorithm as the C++ constructor operation. Here is a C programming language source file for the GRADE abstract datatype in a simple school application: /* grade.c */ /* ------- */ #include "grade.h" GRADE *grade_new( char letter ) { GRADE *grade; /* Allocate heap memory */ /* -------------------- */ if ( ! ( grade = calloc( 1, sizeof ( GRADE ) ) ) ) { fprintf(stderr, "ERROR in %s/%s/%d: calloc() returned empty.\n", , , ); exit( 1 ); } grade->letter = letter; return grade; } int grade_numeric( char letter ) { if ( ( letter == 'A' || letter == 'a' ) ) return 4; else if ( ( letter == 'B' || letter == 'b' ) ) return 3; else if ( ( letter == 'C' || letter == 'c' ) ) return 2; else if ( ( letter == 'D' || letter == 'd' ) ) return 1; else if ( ( letter == 'F' || letter == 'f' ) ) return 0; else return -1; } In the constructor, the function calloc() is used instead of malloc() because each memory cell will be set to zero. Here is a C programming language header file for the PERSON abstract datatype in a simple school application: /* person.h */ /* -------- */ #ifndef PERSON_H #define PERSON_H typedef struct { char *name; } PERSON; /* Constructor */ /* ----------- */ PERSON *person_new( char *name ); #endif Here is a C programming language source file for the PERSON abstract datatype in a simple school application: /* person.c */ /* -------- */ #include "person.h" PERSON *person_new( char *name ) { PERSON *person; if ( ! ( person = calloc( 1, sizeof ( PERSON ) ) ) ) { fprintf(stderr, "ERROR in %s/%s/%d: calloc() returned empty.\n", , , ); exit( 1 ); } person->name = name; return person; } Here is a C programming language header file for the STUDENT abstract datatype in a simple school application: /* student.h */ /* --------- */ #ifndef STUDENT_H #define STUDENT_H #include "person.h" #include "grade.h" typedef struct { /* A STUDENT is a subset of PERSON. */ /* -------------------------------- */ PERSON *person; GRADE *grade; } STUDENT; /* Constructor */ /* ----------- */ STUDENT *student_new( char *name ); #endif Here is a C programming language source file for the STUDENT abstract datatype in a simple school application: /* student.c */ /* --------- */ #include "student.h" #include "person.h" STUDENT *student_new( char *name ) { STUDENT *student; if ( ! ( student = calloc( 1, sizeof ( STUDENT ) ) ) ) { fprintf(stderr, "ERROR in %s/%s/%d: calloc() returned empty.\n", , , ); exit( 1 ); } /* Execute the constructor of the PERSON superclass. */ /* ------------------------------------------------- */ student->person = person_new( name ); return student; } Here is a driver program for demonstration: /* student_dvr.c */ /* ------------- */ #include <stdio.h> #include "student.h" int main( void ) { STUDENT *student = student_new( "The Student" ); student->grade = grade_new( 'a' ); printf( "%s: Numeric grade = %d\n", /* Whereas a subset exists, inheritance does not. */ student->person->name, /* Functional programming is executing functions just-in-time (JIT) */ grade_numeric( student->grade->letter ) ); return 0; } Here is a makefile to compile everything: # makefile # -------- all: student_dvr clean: rm student_dvr *.o student_dvr: student_dvr.c grade.o student.o person.o gcc student_dvr.c grade.o student.o person.o -o student_dvr grade.o: grade.c grade.h gcc -c grade.c student.o: student.c student.h gcc -c student.c person.o: person.c person.h gcc -c person.c The formal strategy to build object-oriented objects is to: Identify the objects. Most likely these will be nouns. Identify each object's attributes. What helps to describe the object? Identify each object's actions. Most likely these will be verbs. Identify the relationships from object to object. Most likely these will be verbs. For example: A person is a human identified by a name. A grade is an achievement identified by a letter. A student is a person who earns a grade. Syntax and semantics The syntax of a programming language is a list of production rules which govern its form. A programming language's form is the correct placement of its declarations, expressions, and statements. Complementing the syntax of a language are its semantics. The semantics describe the meanings attached to various syntactic constructs. A syntactic construct may need a semantic description because a form may have an invalid interpretation. Also, different languages might have the same syntax; however, their behaviors may be different. The syntax of a language is formally described by listing the production rules. Whereas the syntax of a natural language is extremely complicated, a subset of the English language can have this production rule listing: a sentence is made up of a noun-phrase followed by a verb-phrase; a noun-phrase is made up of an article followed by an adjective followed by a noun; a verb-phrase is made up of a verb followed by a noun-phrase; an article is 'the'; an adjective is 'big' or an adjective is 'small'; a noun is 'cat' or a noun is 'mouse'; a verb is 'eats'; The words in bold-face are known as "non-terminals". The words in 'single quotes' are known as "terminals". From this production rule listing, complete sentences may be formed using a series of replacements. The process is to replace non-terminals with either a valid non-terminal or a valid terminal. The replacement process repeats until only terminals remain. One valid sentence is: sentence noun-phrase verb-phrase article adjective noun verb-phrase the adjective noun verb-phrase the big noun verb-phrase the big cat verb-phrase the big cat verb noun-phrase the big cat eats noun-phrase the big cat eats article adjective noun the big cat eats the adjective noun the big cat eats the small noun the big cat eats the small mouse However, another combination results in an invalid sentence: the small mouse eats the big cat Therefore, a semantic is necessary to correctly describe the meaning of an eat activity. One production rule listing method is called the Backus–Naur form (BNF). BNF describes the syntax of a language and itself has a syntax. This recursive definition is an example of a meta-language. The syntax of BNF includes: ::= which translates to is made up of a[n] when a non-terminal is to its right. It translates to is when a terminal is to its right. | which translates to or. < and > which surround non-terminals. Using BNF, a subset of the English language can have this production rule listing: <sentence> ::= <noun-phrase><verb-phrase> <noun-phrase> ::= <article><adjective><noun> <verb-phrase> ::= <verb><noun-phrase> <article> ::= the <adjective> ::= big | small <noun> ::= cat | mouse <verb> ::= eats Using BNF, a signed-integer has the production rule listing: <signed-integer> ::= <sign><integer> <sign> ::= + | - <integer> ::= <digit> | <digit><integer> <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 Notice the recursive production rule: <integer> ::= <digit> | <digit><integer> This allows for an infinite number of possibilities. Therefore, a semantic is necessary to describe a limitation of the number of digits. Notice the leading zero possibility in the production rules: <integer> ::= <digit> | <digit><integer> <digit> ::= 0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 Therefore, a semantic is necessary to describe that leading zeros need to be ignored. Two formal methods are available to describe semantics. They are denotational semantics and axiomatic semantics. Software engineering and computer programming Software engineering is a variety of techniques to produce quality software. Computer programming is the process of writing or editing source code. In a formal environment, a systems analyst will gather information from managers about all the organization's processes to automate. This professional then prepares a detailed plan for the new or modified system. The plan is analogous to an architect's blueprint. Performance objectives The systems analyst has the objective to deliver the right information to the right person at the right time. The critical factors to achieve this objective are: The quality of the output. Is the output useful for decision-making? The accuracy of the output. Does it reflect the true situation? The format of the output. Is the output easily understood? The speed of the output. Time-sensitive information is important when communicating with the customer in real time. Cost objectives Achieving performance objectives should be balanced with all of the costs, including: Development costs. Uniqueness costs. A reusable system may be expensive. However, it might be preferred over a limited-use system. Hardware costs. Operating costs. Applying a systems development process will mitigate the axiom: the later in the process an error is detected, the more expensive it is to correct. Waterfall model The waterfall model is an implementation of a systems development process. As the waterfall label implies, the basic phases overlap each other: The investigation phase is to understand the underlying problem. The analysis phase is to understand the possible solutions. The design phase is to plan the best solution. The implementation phase is to program the best solution. The maintenance phase lasts throughout the life of the system. Changes to the system after it's deployed may be necessary. Faults may exist, including specification faults, design faults, or coding faults. Improvements may be necessary. Adaption may be necessary to react to a changing environment. Computer programmer A computer programmer is a specialist responsible for writing or modifying the source code to implement the detailed plan. A programming team is likely to be needed because most systems are too large to be completed by a single programmer. However, adding programmers to a project may not shorten the completion time. Instead, it may lower the quality of the system. To be effective, program modules need to be defined and distributed to team members. Also, team members must interact with one another in a meaningful and effective way. Computer programmers may be programming in the small: programming within a single module. Chances are a module will execute modules located in other source code files. Therefore, computer programmers may be programming in the large: programming modules so they will effectively couple with each other. Programming-in-the-large includes contributing to the application programming interface (API). Program modules Modular programming is a technique to refine imperative language programs. Refined programs may reduce the software size, separate responsibilities, and thereby mitigate software aging. A program module is a sequence of statements that are bounded within a block and together identified by a name. Modules have a function, context, and logic: The function of a module is what it does. The context of a module are the elements being performed upon. The logic of a module is how it performs the function. The module's name should be derived first by its function, then by its context. Its logic should not be part of the name. For example, function compute_square_root( x ) or function compute_square_root_integer( i : integer ) are appropriate module names. However, function compute_square_root_by_division( x ) is not. The degree of interaction within a module is its level of cohesion. Cohesion is a judgment of the relationship between a module's name and its function. The degree of interaction between modules is the level of coupling. Coupling is a judgement of the relationship between a module's context and the elements being performed upon. Cohesion The levels of cohesion from worst to best are: Coincidental Cohesion: A module has coincidental cohesion if it performs multiple functions, and the functions are completely unrelated. For example, function read_sales_record_print_next_line_convert_to_float(). Coincidental cohesion occurs in practice if management enforces silly rules. For example, "Every module will have between 35 and 50 executable statements." Logical Cohesion: A module has logical cohesion if it has available a series of functions, but only one of them is executed. For example, function perform_arithmetic( perform_addition, a, b ). Temporal Cohesion: A module has temporal cohesion if it performs functions related to time. One example, function initialize_variables_and_open_files(). Another example, stage_one(), stage_two(), ... Procedural Cohesion: A module has procedural cohesion if it performs multiple loosely related functions. For example, function read_part_number_update_employee_record(). Communicational Cohesion: A module has communicational cohesion if it performs multiple closely related functions. For example, function read_part_number_update_sales_record(). Informational Cohesion: A module has informational cohesion if it performs multiple functions, but each function has its own entry and exit points. Moreover, the functions share the same data structure. Object-oriented classes work at this level. Functional Cohesion: a module has functional cohesion if it achieves a single goal working only on local variables. Moreover, it may be reusable in other contexts. Coupling The levels of coupling from worst to best are: Content Coupling: A module has content coupling if it modifies a local variable of another function. COBOL used to do this with the alter verb. Common Coupling: A module has common coupling if it modifies a global variable. Control Coupling: A module has control coupling if another module can modify its control flow. For example, perform_arithmetic( perform_addition, a, b ). Instead, control should be on the makeup of the returned object. Stamp Coupling: A module has stamp coupling if an element of a data structure passed as a parameter is modified. Object-oriented classes work at this level. Data Coupling: A module has data coupling if all of its input parameters are needed and none of them are modified. Moreover, the result of the function is returned as a single object. Data flow analysis Data flow analysis is a design method used to achieve modules of functional cohesion and data coupling. The input to the method is a data-flow diagram. A data-flow diagram is a set of ovals representing modules. Each module's name is displayed inside its oval. Modules may be at the executable level or the function level. The diagram also has arrows connecting modules to each other. Arrows pointing into modules represent a set of inputs. Each module should have only one arrow pointing out from it to represent its single output object. (Optionally, an additional exception arrow points out.) A daisy chain of ovals will convey an entire algorithm. The input modules should start the diagram. The input modules should connect to the transform modules. The transform modules should connect to the output modules. Functional categories Computer programs may be categorized along functional lines. The main functional categories are application software and system software. System software includes the operating system, which couples computer hardware with application software. The purpose of the operating system is to provide an environment where application software executes in a convenient and efficient manner. Both application software and system software execute utility programs. At the hardware level, a microcode program controls the circuits throughout the central processing unit. Application software Application software is the key to unlocking the potential of the computer system. Enterprise application software bundles accounting, personnel, customer, and vendor applications. Examples include enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management, and supply chain management software. Enterprise applications may be developed in-house as a one-of-a-kind proprietary software. Alternatively, they may be purchased as off-the-shelf software. Purchased software may be modified to provide custom software. If the application is customized, then either the company's resources are used or the resources are outsourced. Outsourced software development may be from the original software vendor or a third-party developer. The potential advantages of in-house software are features and reports may be developed exactly to specification. Management may also be involved in the development process and offer a level of control. Management may decide to counteract a competitor's new initiative or implement a customer or vendor requirement. A merger or acquisition may necessitate enterprise software changes. The potential disadvantages of in-house software are time and resource costs may be extensive. Furthermore, risks concerning features and performance may be looming. The potential advantages of off-the-shelf software are upfront costs are identifiable, the basic needs should be fulfilled, and its performance and reliability have a track record. The potential disadvantages of off-the-shelf software are it may have unnecessary features that confuse end users, it may lack features the enterprise needs, and the data flow may not match the enterprise's work processes. One approach to economically obtaining a customized enterprise application is through an application service provider. Specialty companies provide hardware, custom software, and end-user support. They may speed the development of new applications because they possess skilled information system staff. The biggest advantage is it frees in-house resources from staffing and managing complex computer projects. Many application service providers target small, fast-growing companies with limited information system resources. On the other hand, larger companies with major systems will likely have their technical infrastructure in place. One risk is having to trust an external organization with sensitive information. Another risk is having to trust the provider's infrastructure reliability. Operating system An operating system is the low-level software that supports a computer's basic functions, such as scheduling processes and controlling peripherals. In the 1950s, the programmer, who was also the operator, would write a program and run it. After the program finished executing, the output may have been printed, or it may have been punched onto paper tape or cards for later processing. More often than not the program did not work. The programmer then looked at the console lights and fiddled with the console switches. If less fortunate, a memory printout was made for further study. In the 1960s, programmers reduced the amount of wasted time by automating the operator's job. A program called an operating system was kept in the computer at all times. The term operating system may refer to two levels of software. The operating system may refer to the kernel program that manages the processes, memory, and devices. More broadly, the operating system may refer to the entire package of the central software. The package includes a kernel program, command-line interpreter, graphical user interface, utility programs, and editor. Kernel Program The kernel's main purpose is to manage the limited resources of a computer: The kernel program should perform process scheduling. The kernel creates a process control block when a program is selected for execution. However, an executing program gets exclusive access to the central processing unit only for a time slice. To provide each user with the appearance of continuous access, the kernel quickly preempts each process control block to execute another one. The goal for system developers is to minimize dispatch latency. The kernel program should perform memory management. When the kernel initially loads an executable into memory, it divides the address space logically into regions. The kernel maintains a master-region table and many per-process-region (pregion) tables—one for each running process. These tables constitute the virtual address space. The master-region table is used to determine where its contents are located in physical memory. The pregion tables allow each process to have its own program (text) pregion, data pregion, and stack pregion. The program pregion stores machine instructions. Since machine instructions do not change, the program pregion may be shared by many processes of the same executable. To save time and memory, the kernel may load only blocks of execution instructions from the disk drive, not the entire execution file completely. The kernel is responsible for translating virtual addresses into physical addresses. The kernel may request data from the memory controller and, instead, receive a page fault. If so, the kernel accesses the memory management unit to populate the physical data region and translate the address. The kernel allocates memory from the heap upon request by a process. When the process is finished with the memory, the process may request for it to be freed. If the process exits without requesting all allocated memory to be freed, then the kernel performs garbage collection to free the memory. The kernel also ensures that a process only accesses its own memory, and not that of the kernel or other processes. The kernel program should perform file system management. The kernel has instructions to create, retrieve, update, and delete files. The kernel program should perform device management. The kernel provides programs to standardize and simplify the interface to the mouse, keyboard, disk drives, printers, and other devices. Moreover, the kernel should arbitrate access to a device if two processes request it at the same time. The kernel program should perform network management. The kernel transmits and receives packets on behalf of processes. One key service is to find an efficient route to the target system. The kernel program should provide system level functions for programmers to use. Programmers access files through a relatively simple interface that in turn executes a relatively complicated low-level I/O interface. The low-level interface includes file creation, file descriptors, file seeking, physical reading, and physical writing. Programmers create processes through a relatively simple interface that in turn executes a relatively complicated low-level interface. Programmers perform date/time arithmetic through a relatively simple interface that in turn executes a relatively complicated low-level time interface. The kernel program should provide a communication channel between executing processes. For a large software system, it may be desirable to engineer the system into smaller processes. Processes may communicate with one another by sending and receiving signals. Originally, operating systems were programmed in assembly; however, modern operating systems are typically written in higher-level languages like C, Objective-C, and Swift. Utility program A utility program is designed to aid system administration and software execution. Operating systems execute hardware utility programs to check the status of disk drives, memory, speakers, and printers. A utility program may optimize the placement of a file on a crowded disk. System utility programs monitor hardware and network performance. When a metric is outside an acceptable range, a trigger alert is generated. Utility programs include compression programs so data files are stored on less disk space. Compressed programs also save time when data files are transmitted over the network. Utility programs can sort and merge data sets. Utility programs detect computer viruses. Microcode program A microcode program is the bottom-level interpreter that controls the data path of software-driven computers. (Advances in hardware have migrated these operations to hardware execution circuits.) Microcode instructions allow the programmer to more easily implement the digital logic level—the computer's real hardware. The digital logic level is the boundary between computer science and computer engineering. A logic gate is a tiny transistor that can return one of two signals: on or off. Having one transistor forms the NOT gate. Connecting two transistors in series forms the NAND gate. Connecting two transistors in parallel forms the NOR gate. Connecting a NOT gate to a NAND gate forms the AND gate. Connecting a NOT gate to a NOR gate forms the OR gate. These five gates form the building blocks of binary algebra—the digital logic functions of the computer. Microcode instructions are mnemonics programmers may use to execute digital logic functions instead of forming them in binary algebra. They are stored in a central processing unit's (CPU) control store. These hardware-level instructions move data throughout the data path. The micro-instruction cycle begins when the microsequencer uses its microprogram counter to fetch the next machine instruction from random-access memory. The next step is to decode the machine instruction by selecting the proper output line to the hardware module. The final step is to execute the instruction using the hardware module's set of gates. Instructions to perform arithmetic are passed through an arithmetic logic unit (ALU). The ALU has circuits to perform elementary operations to add, shift, and compare integers. By combining and looping the elementary operations through the ALU, the CPU performs its complex arithmetic. Microcode instructions move data between the CPU and the memory controller. Memory controller microcode instructions manipulate two registers. The memory address register is used to access each memory cell's address. The memory data register is used to set and read each cell's contents. Microcode instructions move data between the CPU and the many computer buses. The disk controller bus writes to and reads from hard disk drives. Data is also moved between the CPU and other functional units via the peripheral component interconnect express bus. Notes References Computer programming Software
Seagate Software, Inc., was an international software company formed when Seagate Technology, merged its software assets with Arcada Software. Kevin Azzouz, Arcada CEO was elected by the Seagate board as president. Seagate Software was sold to Veritas Software in 1999 in a deal worth $1.6 billion. On March 29, 2000, Seagate announced the sale of all its remaining Veritas Software shares to Veritas Software. The finalisation of the deal was announced on November 22, 2000. See also NTBackup References Defunct software companies of the United States Software companies based in California
Total Recorder is digital audio editor software from High Criteria, Inc. which is able to record any sound coming through a computer soundcard. In addition to recording through a soundcard, Total Recorder is able to record digital sound directly through its virtual sound driver. This driver provides an advantage of recording audio reproduced by an external program (including Internet broadcasts) directly in digital format, i.e. without digital-analog-digital conversions leading to loss of quality, and even in those cases when a computer soundcard has no loop-back line (e.g. Stereo Mix, "What you hear"). Total Recorder is a shareware program. Evaluation version of Total Recorder is a fully functional version of the program, with the exception that an audible noise will be inserted about every 60 seconds. Editions Total Recorder is offered in four editions: Standard, Professional, Developer and VideoPro (beginning with the version 8.0 of Total Recorder). In dependence of edition different functionalities are available. Supported formats Video AVI WMV (Windows Media Video) FLV (Flash Video) MOV (for playback only) MPEG-4 3GP Audio PCM (uncompressed) RIFF-WAV (Compressed and uncompressed) MP3 WMA Ogg Vorbis FLAC (Monkey's Audio) APE AAC audio within MPEG-4 3GP Features Recording of audio and video from different sources, sound format conversion, sound editing, sound processing, background recording (ripping), timeshifting, cue-sheet file supporting, splitting, tagging, file name generation, etc. Add-ons The following free and trial add-ons are available: Audio Restoration Add-On, Automatic Gain Control and Speech Enhancement Add-On, Spectrum Analyzer and Graphic Equalizer Add-On, Digital Mixer Add-On, Ogg Vorbis Support Add-On, Send to iTunes/iPod Add-On, Streaming Add-on. They can be used for removing distortions such as clicks, crackles, providing high-quality restoration of audio recorded from LPs, tapes and microphones, enhancing the recording and playback of both the music and the spoken word, mixing operations and performing other sound processing. ScrptExec Utility ScrptExec is a free command line utility designed to execute simple scripts. ScrptExec can be useful to simulate user keyboard input in a window (e.g. you can use it to enter a user name and a password on a web page) or automatically reply to a pop-up message (e.g. you can use it to reply to messages such as "Do you want to close all tabs?" or "Are you sure you want to navigate away from this page?" that prevent you from closing the Internet Explorer window), etc. Reviews "A cult favorite, Total Recorder impresses not with its interface or list of features but with its precise ability to record and save any sounds coming across your PC.... The only hassle with Total Recorder is that it usually gives files generic names, and it doesn't have a title lookup engine, so you'll need to tag tracks by hand." - Troy Dreier, PC Magazine. "One major attraction of Total Recorder is its ease of use. This is especially true when undertaking basic recording, playback and editing … One particularly convenient feature is the facility for setting up recording source and parameters to meet specific situations. Any number of different recording sources can be established, including the file format to be used, and can be selected quickly." - Andrew Downie, CLT. "Whether off the Net, a CD, a microphone or whatever else you might plug into the input of your soundcard, TRPE is designed to record any audio passing through it, including audio from games and anything else you hear in real-time. Plus, there are a host of well thought out and useful features including a meter to monitor the volume of the input source (to eliminate a distorted recording), the ability to append a recording or insert audio into a recording at a particular position, a selection of parameters to customize your recording depending on whether you're recording from the Internet or your soundcard, and an elaborate but easy-to-use screen to schedule recordings. … A nice touch is the option to turn off sounds assigned to system events. This eliminates the possibility of spending 20 minutes recording a stream off the Net only to have those “bings”, “dings” and other annoying Windows sounds showing up in the final mix." - Corey Deitz, About.com Guide to Radio. "Regardless, there’s a simple $17.95 program called Total Recorder that bypasses all the problems and lets you record audio generated from a website, MP3 program or other source that uses your computer’s internal speakers." - Chad Savage. References External links Total Recorder homepage Audio editors
National Observer may refer to: National Observer (United States), a discontinued newspaper which ran from 1962 to 1977 National Observer (Australia), a quarterly political magazine which ran from 1988 to 2012 National Observer (UK), a journal published in the 19th century National Observer (Canada), an online news publication focusing on energy, environment and federal politics
Balloon busters were military pilots known for destroying enemy observation balloons. These pilots were noted for their fearlessness, as balloons were stationary targets able to receive heavy defenses, from the ground and the air. Seventy-seven flying aces in World War I were each credited with destroying five or more balloons, and thus were balloon aces. The crucial role of observation balloons An observation balloon was both a vulnerable and a valuable target: the balloon was moored in a stationary position and was lifted by flammable hydrogen gas, whose use was necessitated by the scarcity of helium reserves among European powers. The artillery observer, suspended in the wicker basket beneath, typically had a wireless transmitter, binoculars and/or a long-range camera. His job was to observe actions on the front-line and behind it, to spot enemy troop movements or unusual activity of any sort, and to call down artillery fire onto any worthwhile targets. Balloon observers were consequently targets of great importance to both sides, especially before any sort of infantry action or offensive, so individual pilots, flights or whole squadrons were frequently ordered to attack balloons, to destroy them or at least disrupt their observation activities. Pilots on both sides tried to attack from a height that could enable them to fire without getting too close to the hydrogen and pull away fast. They were also cautioned not to go below in order to avoid machine gun and AA fire. Due to their importance, balloons were usually given heavy defenses in the form of machine gun positions on the ground, anti-aircraft artillery, and standing fighter patrols stationed overhead. Other defenses included surrounding the main balloon with barrage balloons; stringing cables in the air in the vicinity of the balloons; equipping observers with machine guns; and flying balloons booby-trapped with explosives that could be remotely detonated from the ground. These measures made balloons very dangerous targets to approach. Although balloons were occasionally shot down by small-arms fire, generally it was difficult to shoot down a balloon with solid bullets, particularly at the distances and altitude involved. Ordinary bullets would pass relatively harmlessly through the hydrogen gas bag, merely holing the fabric. Hits on the wicker car could however kill the observer. One method employed was the solid-fuel Le Prieur rocket invented by Frenchman Lt. Yves Le Prieur and first used in April 1916. Rockets were attached to each outboard strut of a biplane fighter aircraft and fired through steel tubes using an electrical trigger. The rockets' inaccuracy was such that pilots had to fly very close to their target before firing. It was not until special Pomeroy incendiary bullets and Buckingham flat-nosed incendiary bullets became available on the Western Front in 1917 that any consistent degree of success was achieved. Le Prieur rockets were withdrawn from service in 1918 once incendiary bullets had become available. Balloon busting aces Aces with four balloon victories Aces with three balloon victories Aces with two balloon victories In literature On the afternoon of September 14, 1918, while the Doughboys of the 33rd U.S. Infantry Division were stationed at Fromereville near Verdun, American war poet Lt. John Allan Wyeth was taking a shower with a group of bickering Doughboys when he heard the cry, "Air Raid!" Like every other bather, Wyeth ran, naked and covered with soap, into the village square. There, he watched as a Fokker D VII, flown by Unteroffizier Hans Heinrich Marwede from Jasta 67's aerodrome at Marville, attacked and set on fire three French observation balloons. Lieut. Wyeth later described Marwede's victory in his sonnet Fromereville: War in Heaven. William Sanders' novel The Wild Blue and the Gray was set in a World War I squadron that flew several balloon-busting missions. In Wilbur Smith's The Burning Shore the lead character carries out balloon-busting missions during World War I. DC Comics published a character known as Steve Savage, the Balloon Buster in All-American Men of War title in 1965. See also Lists of World War I flying aces Incendiary balloon History of military ballooning Notes References Bibliography , . , . , . , . , . Flying aces
RA3 may refer to: Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3, a real-time strategy video game Rocket Arena 3, an unofficial game modification for first-person shooter Quake III: Arena RA3, an ISO 217 standard paper size RA3, a file extension for RA3DIO Terrain Information software
WXP may also refer to the video game company WXP, a trade name for The Whole Experience, Inc. WXP may also refer to Microsoft Windows XP WXP, the Weather Processor, is a weather data manipulation and visualization package developed at Purdue University in the 1980s. In 1989, WXP was adopted by Unidata as the Unix-based weather analysis tool and was distributed to over 40 universities. WXP became a showcase venture for Unidata which at the time was promoting many of the new standards of software development and user interaction. In 1992, WXP was copyrighted and sold commercially through the Purdue Research Foundation. WXP version 4 became widely used in the university community to develop weather web site. The primary developer of WXP Dan Vietor developed the wxp.eas.purdue.edu web site which became one of the first weather web sites on the World Wide Web. With the move of the developer to Unisys in 1998, the rights to WXP were transferred to the Unisys corporation. As of 2020, Unisys no longer supports WXP but the developer continues to maintain and support it. Although many developers have played a role in WXP over the years, Dan Vietor is generally regarded as the main contributor. His work in developing WXP was honored at the 2005 American Meteorological Society Annual Meeting, where he was presented the DeSouza Award by Unidata. WXP is a commercially licensed product. Additional information on licensing WXP can be obtained at WXP Overview. WXP is still used by many web sites for data visualization including College of DuPage and Plymouth State University. External links wxp.vietorweather.net - Main WXP online reference web site vietorweather.net - Web site operated by the developer that demonstrates the uses of WXP as a visualization tool. It is a good source for real-time weather data. Graphic software in meteorology Science software Science software for Linux
Eschalon: Book I is an isometric turn-based role-playing video game by Basilisk Games. In the style of classic role-playing video games, it features a large and openly explorable game world, comprehensive management of character stats and skills, and a non-linear storyline. It is the first in a trilogy of games set in the fantasy world of Eschalon. The game was released for Windows on November 19, 2007. Customers could buy the game as a digital download or on a compact disc. The Macintosh version was only released as a digital download on December 11, 2007. The Linux version was also only released as a digital download on December 21. On January 14, 2008, Thomas Riegsecker, the owner of Basilisk Games made an announcement that CD versions sold would contain all three versions of Eschalon: Book I. A sequel, Eschalon: Book II, was released on May 12, 2010, for Windows, with the Linux and Mac OS X versions following on May 26. Another sequel, Eschalon: Book III, was released February 14, 2014. Gameplay Eschalon: Book I is played from an isometric perspective with turn-based combat. The player controls a character that is created at the beginning of the game. The story revolves around the player character who suffers from amnesia. They discover a land that has been affected by war and begins a quest to find out who they are. At the character creation screen, the computer randomly rolls for eight attributes: Strength, Dexterity, Endurance, Speed, Intelligence, Wisdom, Perception and Concentration. The player is given some points to distribute between the attributes, and can make the computer roll the numbers again. There are five classes, 24 individual skills, and five different origins and beliefs allowing for a wide range of different characters. Throughout the game the player encounters numerous NPCs that offer services, information, and quests. Plot The game begins with the player waking up in the abandoned village of Elderhollow, with no memory of who they are. They discovers a note that claims to know who they are, and compels them to head northeast to the village of Aridell and meet a man named Maddock to claim a small package he has been safeguarding. With nothing else to go on, the player arrives in Aridell and receives the package from Maddock. Inside is a small bag full of coins and another sealed note. This new note elaborates on the player's situation: his memory was erased with a special serum and they were placed into hiding for his protection. The note hints that if the player wants to know his real identity they must retrieve his amulet from Eversleep Cemetery to the north. After retrieving the amulet from the coffin of the recently deceased aristocrat Adler Keldam, the writer asks the player to find a woman called Lilith who lives in Tangletree Forest, in the "Heart of the Woods" and show her the amulet. Talking to the locals in Aridell reveals that the player is in Eastern Thaermore, a country that is currently at war with the Orakur, a race of underground dwellers. The war is being waged due to the theft of a prized jewel known as the "Crux of Ages", stolen from Bastion Spire, the capital of Thaermore. The Chancellor has ordered all soldiers underground to find the Orakur, leaving settlements to fend for themselves. With the Commonwealth Guards away, Goblins took advantage of the situation and destroyed the village of Elderhollow. They have also captured Grimmhold, a fortress which used to provide a safe path through Tangletree Forest to the other side. When the player finds Lilith, she is willing to explain the purpose of the amulet: it is a key to "The Underground Repository", a secret vault where important people keep their valuables. Lilith points the player towards Blackwater, where the vault is located, and shows them her amulet to prove she is not lying. Arriving in Blackwater, the player discovers a secret passageway leading to the vault. The player opens the security box to find another sealed note along with the "Crux of Ages". The writer is revealed to be the player: they found the prized jewel while scavenging a goblin battleground along with his brother. A powerful Goblin Shaman by the name of "Gramuk" is using a technique called "Temporal Linking" to find the people who found the prized jewel. This was why the player's memory was erased: to protect them from Gramuk and his goblin horde. His brother was captured by the Goblins before he could erase his memory, and is being tortured at Vela, a once prosperous port city destroyed by the Goblins. The player believes Gramuk is influencing the Chancellor into making poor war decisions, allowing the Goblins to move deeper into Thaermore. The player arrives in the goblin infested city of Vela and finds his brother, who begs the player to warn Erubor, a powerful wizard that resides in Shadowmirk (a secluded place of study for wizards), about Gramuk and the Goblin hordes. The player's brother will ask them to kill him to stop the pain. In Shadowmirk the player finds Erubor, who reveals that the Goblins stole the "Crux of Ages" and Gramuk manipulated the Chancellor into believing the Orakur were responsible. Erubor asks the player to venture into the Crakamir barrens and enter the Goblin Citadel, the heart of the enemy to stop Gramuk. The gate to Crakamir is locked, but the player can find alternative routes to the desert. Erubor tells them about four special keys that are required to go deeper into the citadel. The wizard already has one, which he hands to the player. Erubor explains that another key resides in a community of Giants near the Goblin Citadel. They are his allies, and Erubor tells their chieftain, Omar, of the player's coming. Omar proposes to hand over the key if the player recovers their former chieftain's skull from Thorndike, an abandoned hunting ground northeast of Blackwater. The other two keys are in the possession of Goblin Warlords: one in Vela and one in Grimmhold. Before the player leaves, Erubor tells them about a portal in the Citadel that was used to steal the "Crux of Ages", and that the player can use it to return the prized jewel to Bastion Spire. If the player aids Omar, several Giants help them assault the entrance of the Goblin Citadel. Using the four Goblin Keys, the player is allowed to venture deeper into the Citadel. When the player enters Gramuk's lair, the Goblin Shaman will make them an offer: if they hand over the "Crux of Ages" and leave Thaermore, Gramuk will give the player enough gold to last them a lifetime. If the player accepts, Gramuk keeps his word and Thaermore falls to the Goblin hordes. If the player refuses, Gramuk attacks. Mortally wounding Gramuk causes him to transform into a Dirachnid (a massive spider) and the battle continues. Gramuk falls before the player, giving access to the secret portal to Bastion Spire. Entering the portal, the player can either return the "Crux of Ages" and allow Thaermore to recover, or murder the Chancellor while he is vulnerable. If the player returns the prized jewel, the Chancellor will wake up from his nightmare and he and the player share a short conversation before the ending cinematic. Versions Eschalon: Book I is available as a direct download or as a CD version. The CD version of Eschalon: Book I was originally only available for Windows, and included the following extras: High resolution digital map of Thaermore Extended music track of the main theme Teaser Trailer formatted for Windows Media Player and DivX Seven unique screenshots with notes following the progress of Eschalon: Book I Thomas Reigsecker announced on January 14, 2008, that future CD versions would include all three platforms (Windows, Macintosh and Linux). There are two differences between the new CD version and the original: a "slightly altered DVD jacket, and the disc itself has a green gradient instead of the tan gradient of the Windows-only disc". The extras remain the same. Reception Eschalon: Book I has generally received favorable reviews from gaming critics, scoring 75% at Metacritic from four reviews. Macworld awarded the game 3.5/5, claiming that "Eschalon: Book I is a great attempt at an 'old school' role-playing game that's worth playing, and definitely worth the download time." RPG Codex gave Book I a positive review and praised the music in particular: "It's a perfect soundtrack for the depicted locations, sets the mood properly and, while the number of tracks is quite small, manages not to become boring." A common criticism from gamers that Riegsecker himself admits is the shortness of the game, with most players finishing Book I in under twenty hours. In a September 2009 interview, Riegsecker revealed that sales were 25% higher than originally projected, and that about a year after the game's release they saw a profit. He also broke down the games sales by platform: 48% Windows, 42% Macintosh, and 10% Linux. Linux Format reviewed the game and gave it a score of 7/10. Awards 2007 "Indie RPG of the Year" – Eschalon: Book 1 (RPGWatch) 2007 "Indie RPG of the Year" – Eschalon: Book 1 (Gaming with Children) 2007 "Independent RPG of the Year" Runner Up – Eschalon: Book 1 (GameBanshee) Expansion On November 24, 2007, Riegsecker mentioned the possibility of a free add-on where the player is allowed to travel to Ash Island, an inaccessible area. On February 8, 2008, Riegsecker announced that the add-on had taken a back seat to development of the next installment of the Eschalon series (Eschalon: Book II) due to technical problems. The expansion was planned to add another four to five hours of gameplay and would have been independent from the main storyline. Notes External links Official Eschalon: Book I website 2007 video games Role-playing video games Fantasy video games Indie games Windows games MacOS games Linux games Video games developed in the United States Video games with isometric graphics Single-player video games
Change ringing software encompasses the several different types of software in use today in connection with change ringing. Modern The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers maintains a list of change ringing software. There are four general types of software used in connection with change ringing: tools for composition, simulation, record keeping, and maintaining up-to-date bell tower directories. Composing tools The most common use of software in change ringing is composition proving. This type of software is used to take the tedium out of proving change ringing compositions: that is, checking that no change within the composition is repeated. The software will perform the checks required to prove a composition in milliseconds, rather than the hours or days required for paper based proving methods. Often these programs can also analyse compositions to determine the musical rows that they contain. In recent years, more advanced tools have emerged which can assist the human composer in other ways. These range from pure composition-generation programs such as BYROC and Elf, to more sophisticated programs such as SMC32, which can work alongside the human composer, for instance by linking together existing musical blocks which the composer has created. The main examples of proving software are: Trident Beltower Some examples of composition generation tools: BYROC Elf Simulator The original use of simulators was to allow the practising of change ringing in the tower, but nowadays is perhaps used more in the home, using a dumbbell or keyboard. Many different scenarios can now be accommodated by the software. Sensors are used to give temporal information to the computer. Single or multiple learner silent practise with computer producing sound of the bell Whole band silent practise with computer producing sound of all the bells Practise on more bells than you have with the computer adding in the extra bells Practice methods that are more advanced that your band is capable with the computer filling in all the bells The main examples of simulator software are: Abel Beltower Virtual Belfry Recordkeeping Keeping records is very important to some change ringers. Records are often kept in the following areas: Grabs (towers visited) Peals Quarter peals The main examples of record keeping software are: WinRK Duco Tower directory An up-to-date directory of towers is often used to plan outings and, used in conjunction with the record keeping software to decide what towers still need to be grabbed. The main examples of tower directory software are: TowerBase History The earliest known change ringing programs can be traced back to the 1950s. Some of this history is traced in this article on software firsts. See also Campanology References External links Bell Conductor software to help to achieve harmony and melody through visualization of a ringing sequence from text and midi files "Abel" simulator software Excalibur composition proving software Campanology Electronic musical instruments English culture
A wireless configuration utility, wireless configuration tool, or is a class of network management software that manages the activities and features of a wireless network connection. It may control the process of selecting an available access point, authenticating and associating to it and setting up other parameters of the wireless connection. There are many wireless LAN clients available for use. Clients vary in technical aspects, support of protocols and other factors. Some clients only work with certain hardware devices, while others only on certain operating systems. Comparison The table below compares various wireless LAN clients. See also Wireless tools for Linux References Wi-Fi Wireless networking Wireless LAN client
HJT may refer to: Al Rais Cargo, an Emirati airline HijackThis, a malicious software removal tool Khujirt Airport, in Mongolia
Chris McLaughlin (born 1955) is a British journalist, who between 2004–2018 was the editor of the Labour Party-supporting weekly UK magazine Tribune. Since Tribune's re-launch as a bi-monthly publication, McLaughlin is now the editor-at-large, in charge of the magazine's News output. McLaughlin was previously the political editor of the Sunday Mirror, deputy Political Editor of The Mail on Sunday, European Editor and deputy Political Editor of The Scotsman and a columnist on The Big Issue, and until 1987 worked for Labour Weekly, the now closed official Labour Party newspaper. McLaughlin served as a Labour councillor in the London Borough of Newham for four years. References A lonely Tribune out in left field, The Observer, 6 February 2005 1955 births Living people British journalists Councillors in the London Borough of Newham Labour Party (UK) councillors British republicans
Speakeasy, Inc. was a broadband internet service provider and voice over IP carrier based in Seattle, Washington, United States. Their terms of service described liberal usage policies for home users allowing subscribers to run any number of servers and allowing them to resell their connectivity to others through a service called "NetShare". They received press coverage for their support of Linux and BSD-derivative operating systems, and were reportedly the first provider to offer a customized version of Mozilla Firefox to customers, in January 2005. The company was acquired by MegaPath Corporation in 2010 which retired the Speakeasy brand. MegaPath in turn was acquired by Fusion Connect which currently houses Speakeasy's network and customers. History In 1994, Gretchen Apgar and husband Mike opened a cybercafe in Seattle's Belltown neighborhood with Mike's brother Tyler. They started out with offering connectivity and email services in the area. Customers at the cafe expressed a wish to have the ability to check their email from other locations than just the cafe and a series of terminal stations were set up at various bars around town. These terminals were marketed under the label, "Rainmail." As computing power expanded and the cost of computers diminished, customers began to express the further wish to access their email from home. Speakeasy put together a bank of modems and offered a dial up service. As of 2008, dialup through Speakeasy is still available for $19 a month. The move toward DSL took place in 1998. In late 1999, the company expanded to a national level, offering DSL services throughout the United States. The Speakeasy backbone consisted of a dedicated fiber ring that circled the continental United States with major points of presence (i.e. POPs) in Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Dallas, Atlanta, Washington D.C., New York, and Chicago. From the POP to the customers premises a third party vendor was contracted to provide data layer connectivity. This is known in networking as the 'last mile'. In the case of Speakeasy, the data-link protocol used was Asynchronous Transfer Mode rather than PPPoE or Frame Relay in case of T1's. In 2001, in the face of the collapse of many ISPs as a possible result of the dot-com bust, Speakeasy had marketed a program to allow for simple transfer of accounts, starting with the announcement of the failure of Flashcom, a former DSL internet provider. That same year, the cybercafe burned down in an electrical fire, forcing the company to focus on the internet business. In September 2003, Bruce Chatterley was made CEO of the company. In summer of 2004, the company announced simultaneously their entry into VOIP, and their OneLink package, which allowed a DSL subscriber to maintain an ADSL line without the requirement of a traditional landline service. In spring of 2006 Mike Apgar stepped down as chairman and moved on to a startup company Ookla that he created while at Speakeasy. On March 27, 2007 press releases by both companies announced the acquisition of Speakeasy by Best Buy, a Fortune 100 retail chain operating in the US, Canada and China. Best Buy planned to offer Speakeasy broadband and VOIP services to small businesses through their Best Buy for Business unit. On June 10, 2010 Best Buy announced it was reducing its stake in Speakeasy, which would be merging with Covad Communications and MegaPath Corporation to form a new joint company. On September 1, 2010, MegaPath, Covad, and Speakeasy announced regulatory approval and the completion of their merger. The new combined company took the name MegaPath Corporation. On December 31, 2014, MegaPath Corporation sold certain of its network assets and direct internet access customers to GC Pivotal LLC dba Global Capacity, in order to raise cash to invest in its wholesale and managed services business. On May 10, 2018, Fusion Connect announced they will acquire MegaPath. This acquisition has since closed. See also United States v. Ivanov – Notable cyber-law case. Ivanov intentionally hacked Speakeasy References External links Official homepage of Fusion Connect Internet service providers of the United States VoIP companies of the United States Companies based in Seattle Telecommunications companies established in 1996
An addition-subtraction chain, a generalization of addition chains to include subtraction, is a sequence a0, a1, a2, a3, ... that satisfies An addition-subtraction chain for n, of length L, is an addition-subtraction chain such that . That is, one can thereby compute n by L additions and/or subtractions. (Note that n need not be positive. In this case, one may also include a−1 = 0 in the sequence, so that n = −1 can be obtained by a chain of length 1.) By definition, every addition chain is also an addition-subtraction chain, but not vice versa. Therefore, the length of the shortest addition-subtraction chain for n is bounded above by the length of the shortest addition chain for n. In general, however, the determination of a minimal addition-subtraction chain (like the problem of determining a minimum addition chain) is a difficult problem for which no efficient algorithms are currently known. The related problem of finding an optimal addition sequence is NP-complete (Downey et al., 1981), but it is not known for certain whether finding optimal addition or addition-subtraction chains is NP-hard. For example, one addition-subtraction chain is: , , , . This is not a minimal addition-subtraction chain for n=3, however, because we could instead have chosen . The smallest n for which an addition-subtraction chain is shorter than the minimal addition chain is n=31, which can be computed in only 6 additions (rather than 7 for the minimal addition chain): Like an addition chain, an addition-subtraction chain can be used for addition-chain exponentiation: given the addition-subtraction chain of length L for n, the power can be computed by multiplying or dividing by x L times, where the subtractions correspond to divisions. This is potentially efficient in problems where division is an inexpensive operation, most notably for exponentiation on elliptic curves where division corresponds to a mere sign change (as proposed by Morain and Olivos, 1990). Some hardware multipliers multiply by n using an addition chain described by n in binary: n = 31 = 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 1 (binary). Other hardware multipliers multiply by n using an addition-subtraction chain described by n in Booth encoding: n = 31 = 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 −1 (Booth encoding). References Addition chains
Raymond Rock (October 1, 1922 – January 22, 2016) was a Canadian politician and a businessman. He was elected as the member of Parliament for the Liberal Party representing the riding of Jacques-Cartier—Lasalle in the 1962 federal election and later represented the riding of Lachine. Rock physically crossed the floor in 1972 to join the Progressive Conservatives and was subsequently defeated in the 1972 election. Rock crossed the floor because he had received a communique from the Liberal Party that no anglophones in Quebec should be employed by the Federal Government, no matter how bilingual. He also sat on various standing committees. Rock was a member of the Royal Canadian Naval Volunteer Reserve in which he served on HMCS Portage between 1942 and 1945. A businessman and owner of a hardware store, he also served as alderman in Lachine, Quebec (1951–55 and 1957–63) as well as President of the Lachine Chamber of Commerce. He died in January 2016 at the age of 93. Rock's parents, John Rock and Helena Pietzik were both of Polish descent. With his wife, Theresa Kudla, he had two children, Allan Eric Rock (1952–2010) and Kenneth Lester Rock (1956–2009). References External links 1922 births 2016 deaths Businesspeople from Montreal Canadian military personnel of World War II Liberal Party of Canada MPs Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec Montreal city councillors People from Lachine, Quebec Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
The Danish Navy Air Squadron (), was the aerial component of the Danish navy, from 1977 to December 31, 2010. Operationally it was directly under command of the Danish Naval Command, but maintenance of the eight Westland Lynx helicopters and training of personnel was in cooperation with the air force. The helicopters were used primarily for fishery patrol, shipboard support and coastal Search & Rescue (SAR) missions. The tasks and hardware have now been transferred to the air force as Eskadrille 723 (Squadron 723). History The squadron was originally a flight in the air force eskadrille 722 (722nd Squadron) when the first Alouette III helicopter was received in 1962. In 1977 the flight was made into a unit of its own and became a part of the navy, under the name Søværnets Flyvetjeneste (The Naval Air Service). In 1980-1982 the eight Alouette helicopters were replaced with the new Westland Lynx helicopters. In 2000 it was decided that Søværnets Flyvetjeneste should be transferred to the air force as a squadron (728th Squadron) and put under operational command of the air force command along with the Army Air Corps (Hærens Flyvetjeneste), but for a political reason only the army units were transferred to the air force (as 724th Squadron). At the same time, all the Danish helicopter units were also to move physically from Værløse Air Station and Vandel Air Station to Karup Air Station. The total number of helicopters in the air force would have been 8 Sikorsky S-61A, 13 Eurocopter AS550C2 Fennec, 16 Hughes H-500C Cayuse and 8 Westland Lynx Mk.90B as well as 14 AgustaWestland EH-101 Merlin under purchase - a grand total of 59 helicopters. International obligations didn't allow for the Danish air force to possess so many helicopters. Because of that the Naval Air Service was transformed into the Naval Air Squadron on 1 January 2004. A Danish navy helicopter foiled a pirate attack off Somali coast, 28 August 2010. Historical equipment Organisation Order of Battle on 31 December 2010, the day it was disbanded: Bases Vaerlose (ICAO code: EKVL) Vaerlose is located northwest of Copenhagen, only about 20 km from the city centre. It was originally constructed as an army camp in 1910 and rebuild as a military airfield in the 1930s. After WW2 RDAF operations were resumed, principally with transport aircraft. It became the main base of the Naval Air Service in 1962. On 1 April 2004 the airfield was closed as a military base, due to military budget cuts, and handed over to civilian use in October 2008. Runway data: Location: N55° 46' 3" E012° 20' 36", Elev: 58 ft (18 m), Rwy 28/10, Size: 8061 x 150 ft (2457 x 46 m). Karup (ICAO: EKKA) Karup is located between Herning and Viborg in central Denmark. It is a dual civil-military airport. It was originally built by the Germans in WW2 as Fliegerhorst Grove, and taken over by the RDAF post war. Since 2004 it has been the main helicopter base for the Danish Defence. Runway data: Location: N56° 17' 50.85" E009° 07' 28.66", Elev: 170 ft (52 m), Rwy 04/22, Size: 2936 x 50 ft (895 x 15 m), Rwy 09/27, Size: 2789 x 197 ft (850 x 60 m), Rwy 09R/27L, Size: 9607 x 150 ft (2928 x 46 m), Rwy 09L/27R, Size: 9816 x 75 ft (2992 x 23 m), Rwy 14/32, Size: 2296 x 60 ft (700 x 18 m). Future plans The Westland Super Lynx is in the process of being replaced with a new helicopter. Danish Defence Acquisition and Logistics Organization has placed an order for the Sikorsky Seahawk MH60-R References and external sources Artikel om Søværnets Flyvetjeneste (2000) Royal Danish Navy Danish Air Force squadrons
In computer music and professional audio creation, a DirectX plugin is a software processing component that can be loaded as a plugin into host applications to allow real-time processing, audio effects, mixing audio or act as virtual synthesizers. DirectX plugins allow the replacement of traditional recording studio hardware and rack units used in professional studios with software-based counterparts that can be connected together in a modular way. This allows host manufacturers to focus on the conviviality and efficiency of their products while specialized manufacturers can focus on the digital signal processing aspect. For example, there are plugins for effects boxes, such as reverbs and delays, effects pedals, like guitar distortion, flange and chorus, and for mixing and mastering processors such as compressors, limiters, exciters, sub bass enhancers, stereo imagers and many more. Overview Similar to Virtual Studio Technology and later, Audio Units in Apple Mac OS X, DirectX plugins have an open standard architecture for connecting audio synthesizers and effect plugins to audio editors and hard-disk recording systems. DirectX plug-ins are based on Microsoft's Component Object Model (COM) which allows plugins to be recognised and used by other applications via common interfaces. Plugins connect to applications and other plugins with pins via which they can pass and processes buffered streams of audio (or video) data. Architecturally, DirectX plugins are DirectShow filters. Types and compatibility DirectX plugins are also of two types, DirectX effect plugins (DX) and DirectX Instrument plugins (DXi). Effect plugins are used to generate, process, receive, or otherwise manipulate streams of audio. Instrument plugins are MIDI controllable DirectX plugins, generally used to synthesize sound or playback sampled audio using virtual synthesizers, samplers or drum machines. DirectX effect plugins were developed by Microsoft as part of DirectShow. DirectX instruments were developed by Cakewalk in co-operation with Microsoft and are available on Windows. Several wrapper plugins are available so that DirectX plugins can be used in applications which only support VST and vice versa. Others such as chainer plugins are also available which allow chaining multiple plugins together. Programmability DirectX plugins can be developed in C++ using Microsoft's DirectX SDK, Sony's Audio Plug-In Development Kit or Cakewalk's DirectX Wizard. There is also a Delphi SDK available. DirectX plugin hosts ACID Pro (version 3.0 or later) Adobe Audition (Formerly Cool Edit 2000 and Cool Edit Pro 1.0, 2.0) Cakewalk Sonar (version 2.0 or later) MAGIX Samplitude REAPER Sony Vegas Sound Forge Steinberg Wavelab Steinberg Nuendo Steinberg Cubase OpenMPT Future DirectX plugins are superseded by DMO-based signal processing filters and more recently, by Media Foundation Transforms. See also Virtual Studio Technology, a similar standard by Steinberg Computer music MIDI Digital audio workstation DirectX Media Objects Media Foundation Transform References External links All types of audio plugins, effects and instruments Hitsquad Musician Network: Collection of DirectX plugins AnalogX DirectX plugins Plugin DirectX plugin Microsoft application programming interfaces Music software plugin architectures
Trisquel (full name Trisquel GNU/Linux) is a computer operating system, a Linux distribution, derived from another distribution, Ubuntu. The project aims for a fully free software system without proprietary software or firmware and uses a version of Ubuntu's modified kernel, with the non-free code (binary blobs) removed. Trisquel relies on user donations. Its logo is a triskelion, a Celtic symbol. Trisquel is listed by the Free Software Foundation as a distribution that contains only free software. Overview Four basic versions are available. Trisquel The standard Trisquel distribution includes the MATE desktop environment and graphical user interface (GUI), and English, Spanish and 48 other localizations, 50 in total, on a 2.6 GB live DVD image. Other translations can be downloaded if an internet connection is present during installation. Trisquel Mini Trisquel Mini is an alternative to mainline Trisquel, designed to run well on netbooks and older hardware. It uses the low-resource environment LXDE and lightweight GTK+ and X Window System alternatives to GNOME and Qt-KDE applications. The LXDE desktop only includes English and Spanish localizations, and can install from a 1.2 GB live DVD image. Triskel Triskel is another alternative to mainline Trisquel using the KDE graphical interface, available as a 2.0 GB ISO DVD live image. Trisquel Sugar TOAST Sugar is a free and open source desktop environment designed with the goal of being used by children for interactive learning. Sugar replaces the standard MATE desktop environment available with Trisquel. Trisquel NetInstall NetInstall consists of a 25MB CD iso image with just the minimal amount of software to start the installation via a text based network installer and fetch the remaining packages over the Internet. Internationalization The full installation includes 51 languages (Albanian, Arabic, Aranese, Asturian, Basque, Bulgarian, Catalan, Central Khmer, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Esperanto, Estonian, Finnish, French, Galician, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Low German, Norwegian Bokmål, Norwegian Nynorsk, Occitan, Punjabi, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Tamil, Thai, Turkish, Valencian and Vietnamese) pre-installed in a downloadable 1.2-gigabyte DVD image. Source code for the full Trisquel installation is also available in a downloadable 3-gigabyte DVD image. History The project began in 2004 with sponsorship of the University of Vigo for Galician language support in education software and was officially presented in April 2005 with Richard Stallman, founder of the GNU Project, as a special guest. According to project director Rubén Rodríguez, the support for Galician has created interest in South American and Mexican communities of emigrants from the Province of Ourense. By December 2008, Trisquel was included by the Free Software Foundation (FSF) in its list of Linux distributions endorsed by the Free Software Foundation. Release history The releases that use GNOME 3.x use GNOME Classic/Flashback, rather than the default GNOME Shell. All Trisquel releases starting with version 6 are only based on Ubuntu LTS releases. Current versions include this common software: Abrowser, a rebranded version of Firefox that never suggests non-free add-ons, and includes no trademarked art or names. It features privacy enhancing modifications such as not starting network connections on its own. It is rebranded because the Mozilla Trademark Policy forbids modifications that include their trademark without consent. Prior editions: Gnash, a SWF viewer, instead of Adobe Flash Player, which is proprietary software. Trisquel Pro was business-oriented and small. It was part of the Trisquel 2.0 LTS Robur (2008), but no other release followed. Trisquel Edu was education-oriented, for schools and universities. Like Trisquel Pro, no other release followed Trisquel 2.0 Robur (2008). Trisquel on Sugar was education-oriented, based on the Sugar desktop environment for interactive learning for children. It was released at the same time as Trisquel 7. Trisquel Gamer was an independent edition maintained by David Zaragoza. It included 55 free software games and could boot from a live DVD or USB drive. It was released with Trisquel 3.5 (2010), which is no longer supported. Reception Jesse Smith of DistroWatch reviewed the 4.0 release, Taranis, and described it as refined and dependable. He portrayed difficulty with removing software as his main problem with the release. He complimented it as an operating system that showcased utility instead of mere compliance with free software criteria. Jesse Smith also reviewed Trisquel 7.0 in 2014, writing "Whenever I boot up Trisquel I find myself wondering whether the free software only distribution will be able to hold its own when it comes to hardware drivers, multimedia support and productivity software. The answer I came to when running Trisquel 7.0 is that, yes, the distribution appears to be nearly as capable as operating systems that do not stick to the FSF's definition of free software. Some people who use hardware that requires binary blobs or non-free drivers may face problems and Flash support isn't perfect when using the free Gnash player, but otherwise Trisquel appears to be every bit as functional as other mainstream Linux distributions. The software Trisquel ships with appears to be stable, functional and user friendly. The distribution is easy to install, I found it pleasant to use and I didn't encounter any problems. People who value or wish to promote free software should definitely try running Trisquel, it's an excellent example of what can be accomplished with free software." Jim Lynch of Desktop Linux Reviews reviewed the 5.5 release, Brigantia, and described it as "well-ordered and well developed" and recommended it to users whether they care about only using free software or not. Lynch stated that the release was suitable for beginners and advanced users. Chris Fisher and Matt Hartley of The Linux Action Show! praised the design, ease of use, and hardware support of Trisquel 5.5 and Trisquel 5.5 Mini, but found that the Linux-libre kernel found in Trisquel impedes functionality of proprietary wireless devices. They argued that the distribution was targeting power users and that new users should use a different distribution. Richard Stallman announced in January 2015 that he is using Trisquel on a Thinkpad X60 instead of his former computer the Lemote Yeeloong. Hardware IA-32 and x86-64 CPU architectures were supported since Trisquel 5.5, which includes free software compatible chipsets. However, 32-bit support was dropped with the release of Trisquel 10. See also Comparison of Linux distributions List of Linux distributions based on Ubuntu References External links 2007 software Free software only Linux distributions Linux distributions Spanish-language Linux distributions Ubuntu derivatives
There are many products based on FreeBSD. Information about these products and the version of FreeBSD they are based on is often difficult to come by, since this fact is not widely publicised. Libre software and hardware using free software BSDRP – BSD Router Project: Open Source Router Distribution CheriBSD – Capability Enabled, Unix-like Operating System which takes advantage of Capability Hardware on Arm's Morello and CHERI-RISC-V platforms. ClonOS – FreeBSD based distro for virtual hosting platform and appliance. Darwin – The UNIX-based, open-source foundation of Mac OS X DesktopBSD – KDE-based desktop-oriented distribution DragonFlyBSD – FreeBSD independent fork FreeSBIE – Live CD GhostBSD – GTK-based distribution, that defaults Xfce and MATE as GUI HardenedBSD – HardenedBSD is a security-enhanced fork of FreeBSD. helloSystem – helloSystem is a desktop system for creators with a focus on simplicity, elegance, and usability. ravynOS - an OS aimed to provide the finesse of macOS with the freedom of FreeBSD. iXsystems TrueNAS storage appliances were based on FreeBSD 10.3 TrueNAS CORE (formerly known as FreeNAS) TrueNAS Enterprise TrueOS – discontinued FreeBSD distribution aimed at the server market, previously a desktop distribution. MidnightBSD — A GNUstep-based independent fork of FreeBSD for desktops, however installer is not graphical MyBee – Open source and free distribution for managing containers (FreeBSD jail) and cloud VMs (Bhyve) through a simplified API. m0n0wall – Embedded firewall software package NAS4Free – Open source storage platform NomadBSD – a persistent live system for USB flash drives, based on FreeBSD. OPNsense – Open source and free firewall, fork of pfSense and successor to m0n0wall pfSense – Open source and free network firewall distribution Proprietary software and hardware using proprietary software Beckhoff TwinCAT/BSD for Industrial PCs Blue Coat Systems network appliances Borderware appliances (firewall, VPN, Anti-SPAM, Web filter etc.) are based on a FreeBSD kernel Check Point IPSO security appliances Citrix Systems Netscaler application delivery software is based on FreeBSD Coyote Point GX-series web acceleration and load balancer appliances Dell Compellent enterprise storage systems (all 64-bit versions) Halon SMTP server 3.4 is based on FreeBSD 10.2 Hobnob WirelessWAN IronPort AsyncOS is based on a FreeBSD kernel Isilon Systems' OneFS, the operating system used on Isilon IQ-series clustered storage systems Juniper Networks Junos Junos prior to 5.0 was based on FreeBSD 2.2.6 Junos between 5.0 and 7.2 (inclusive) is based on FreeBSD 4.2 Junos 7.3 and higher is based on FreeBSD 4.10 Junos 8.5 is based on FreeBSD 6.1 Junos 15.1 is based on FreeBSD 10 Junos 18.1 is based on FreeBSD 11 KACE Networks's KBOX 1000 & 2000 Series Appliances and the Virtual KBOX Appliance Lynx Software Technologies LynxOS, uses FreeBSD's networking stack McAfee SecurOS, used in e.g. Firewall Enterprise (aka Sidewinder) NetApp filers based on Data ONTAP Netflix Open Connect appliances Panasas parallel network storage systems Panasonic uses FreeBSD in their Viera TV receivers QNAP's QES operating system Sandvine's network policy control products Silicon Graphics International uses FreeBSD in their ArcFiniti MAID disk arrays, formerly manufactured by COPAN. Sony Computer Entertainment's PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita consumer gaming consoles. Sophos Email Appliance Spectra Logic nTier Verde backup appliances Symmetricom Timing Solutions The Weather Channel's IntelliStar local forecast computer Xinuos OpenServer 10 References FreeBSD based products FreeBSD
The Sun Netra brand has been used for a variety of server computers from Sun Microsystems since 1994. The original Netra servers (such as the Netra i and Netra j models) were re-badged SPARCstation and Sun Ultra series systems bundled with (web) server application software. Later the Netra name was mainly used for a series of ruggedized Network Equipment-Building System (NEBS)-certified carrier grade servers for telecommunications applications. Those often came with 48V DC power input, and adjusted cases. The most custom of those were the CompactPCI models, i.e. Netra CP1405, consisting of not much more than one CPU board. References External links Netra servers at sun.com Oracle - NEBS-Certified Servers - Legacy Product Documentation Sun servers Computer-related introductions in 1994
Greenplum is a big data technology based on MPP architecture and the Postgres open source database technology. The technology was created by a company of the same name headquartered in San Mateo, California around 2005. Greenplum was acquired by EMC Corporation in July 2010. Starting in 2012, its database management system software became known as the Pivotal Greenplum Database sold through Pivotal Software. Pivotal open sourced the core engine and continued its development by the Greenplum Database open source community and Pivotal. Starting in 2020 Pivotal was acquired by VMware and VMware continued to sponsor the Greenplum Database open source community as well as commercialize the technology under the brand name VMware Tanzu Greenplum. Company Greenplum, the company, was founded in September 2003 by Scott Yara and Luke Lonergan. It was a merger of two smaller companies: Metapa (founded in August 2000 near Los Angeles) and Didera in Fairfax, Virginia. Investors included SoundView Ventures, Hudson Ventures and Royal Wulff Ventures. A total of in funding was announced at the merger. Greenplum, based in San Mateo, California, released its database management system software based on PostgreSQL in April 2005 calling it Bizgres. Rounds of venture capital of about each were invested in March 2006 and February 2007. In July 2006 a partnership with Sun Microsystems was announced. Sun, which had also acquired MySQL AB, participated in a round of investment in January 2009, led by Meritech Capital Partners. The Bizgres project included a few other members, and was supported through about 2008, when the product was just called "Greenplum" as well. The Sun Fire X4500 was a reference architecture and used by the majority of customers until a transition was made to Linux around that time. Greenplum was acquired by EMC Corporation in July 2010, becoming the foundation of EMC's big data software division. Although EMC did not disclose the value, it was estimated at . Greenplum's products at the time of acquisition were the Greenplum Database, Chorus (a management tool), and Data Science Labs. Greenplum had customers in vertical markets including eBay. It became part of Pivotal Software in 2012. A variant using Apache Hadoop to store data in the Hadoop file system called Hawq was announced in 2013. In 2015 the GreenplumDB and Hawq open source software projects were announced. Technology Pivotal's Greenplum database product uses massively parallel processing (MPP) techniques. Each computer cluster consists of a master node, standby master node, and segment nodes. All of the data resides on the segment nodes and the catalog information is stored in the master nodes. Segment nodes run one or more segments, which are modified PostgreSQL database instances and are assigned a content identifier. For each table the data is divided among the segment nodes based on the distribution column keys specified by the user in the data definition language. For each segment content identifier there is both a primary segment and mirror segment which are not running on the same physical host. When a query enters the master node, it is parsed, planned and dispatched to all of the segments to execute the query plan and either return the requested data or insert the result of the query into a database table. The Structured Query Language, version SQL:2003, is used to present queries to the system. Transaction semantics comply with constraints known as ACID. Competitors include other MPP database management systems provided by major vendors such as Teradata, Amazon Redshift, Microsoft Azure, Alibaba AnalyticDB and, in the past, IBM Netezza. Additional competition comes from other smaller competitors, column-oriented databases such as HP Vertica, Exasol and data warehousing vendors with non MPP architecture, such as Oracle Exadata, IBM Db2 and SAP HANA. Greenplum Version 7 In September 2023, Greenplum Database Version 7 was released. Version 7 is based on PostgreSQL version 12.12. Greenplum Version 6 In September 2019, Greenplum Database Version 6 was released. Version 6 is based on PostgreSQL version 9.4 and features massive gains in OLTP performance. Greenplum 6 was reviewed in the media by several sources and mentioned for its Postgres open source alignment and for its OLTP performance Greenplum Version 5 In September 2017, Greenplum Database Version 5 was released. Version 5 includes the first iteration of the Greenplum project strategy of merging PostgreSQL later versions back into Greenplum and is based on PostgreSQL version 8.3 up from the previous version 8.2. Version 5 also introducing the General Availability of the GPORCA Optimizer for cost based optimization of SQL designed for big data. References Big data companies Data warehousing products Pivotal Software Defunct software companies of the United States
M2SYS Technology is a global biometric identification management company that provides biometric identity management software, and hardware along with enterprise software applications to several markets including; public safety, workforce management, point of sale, healthcare, education, child care, transportation security, banking and membership management. They offer Software Development Kits to software vendors that want to add biometric identification to their applications directly to end users. The name M2SYS is short for “Mind to System” and was open by CEO Mizan Rahman to describe the flow of development ideas into a tangible, market-ready biometric recognition software engine and ancillary products. History M2SYS was incorporated in 2001 as a small software company that developed supply chain software. It later developed as fingerprint biometric research and development center after the invention of Bio-Plugin. M2SYS established its headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia where it continues to operate. In 2007, they opened an office in Asia located in Dhaka, Bangladesh. In 2013, they opened another office in South America located in Lima, Peru. Awards In 2007, the company received the 2007 Biometrics Technology Innovation of the Year Award from Frost & Sullivan. In the summer of 2010, M2SYS released “Hybrid Biometric Platform,” a client/server biometric software system that supports fingerprint, finger vein, palm vein, and iris recognition. Subsequently, in 2011 the company was awarded the 2011 North American New Product Innovation Award in the Biometrics industry for "Hybrid Biometric Platform". In 2013, M2SYS was named a Technology Association of Georgia (TAG) Top 40 Innovative Technology Company. M2SYS was named as one of the 2014 Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Georgia by the Technology Association of Georgia (TAG). M2SYS also received recognition as the 2014 Global Impact Award Winner for international business leadership by the Atlanta Metro Chamber of Commerce. Key Strategic Partnerships Fujitsu In April 2010, M2SYS created an agreement with Fujitsu Frontech North America designed to offer PC-based palm vein biometric recognition systems. Under the partnership, M2SYS added support for the Fujitsu PalmSecure biometric identification system to its Bio-Plugin biometrics platform. This agreement was terminated in March 2015. KRONOS In June 2009, M2SYS established a partnership with KRONOS, to design software that interfaces with KRONOS Workforce Timekeeper. Hitachi M2SYS established a partnership with Hitachi in 2008 to deliver Bio-Plugin biometric identification software technology through the USB Finger Vein Biometric Scanner for market deployment. Key Products Bio-Plugin Bio-Plugin is a biometrics software program that allows developers to integrate a server-based biometrics system. Bio-SnapOn Bio-SnapOn is a complete biometrics software system that can be added to any third party or internally developed software package, without any development work. Hybrid Biometric Platform Hybrid Biometrics is a multi-modal biometrics system that supports fingerprint, finger vein, palm vein, and iris recognition from a single server. Bio-Hyperpliance Bio-Hyperpliance is a scalable multi-modal biometrics recognition system that leverages distributed node balancing for 1:N identification of large databases. RightPunch RightPunch is multi-modal PC-based “soft” clock data collection software that can be used with or without biometrics. RightPatient RightPatient is a multi-modal biometric identification system designed to identify patients in healthcare to help prevent misidentification and fraud. ABIS ABIS stands for Automated Biometric Identification System and its a software package used to perform a wide variety of tasks for processing, editing, searching, retrieving and storing biometric templates and subject records. certisID A "Know Your Customer" (KYC) biometric customer identification application to help the prevention of identity theft, financial fraud, money laundering, or terrorist financing. M2-FuseID (Hardware) In late 2013, M2SYS designed and released M2-FuseID - a multi-modal finger reader that simultaneously captures a fingerprint image and finger vein pattern simultaneously with the single touch of a finger. References Biometrics software Companies established in 2001 Companies based in Atlanta Forensic equipment
834 Fifth Avenue is a luxury residential housing cooperative in the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City. It is located on Fifth Avenue at the corner of East 64th Street opposite the Central Park Zoo. The limestone-clad building was designed by Rosario Candela, a prolific designer of luxury apartment buildings in Manhattan during the period between World War I and World War II. 834 Fifth Avenue is widely regarded as one of the most prestigious apartment houses in New York City. It has been called "the most pedigreed building on the snobbiest street in the country’s most real estate-obsessed city" in an article in the New York Observer newspaper. This status is due to the building's overall architecture, the scale and layout of the apartments, and the notoriety of its current and past residents. It is one of the finest buildings designed by Rosario Candela, according to The New York Times. History The building was constructed in 1931, and was one of the last luxury apartment houses completed before the Great Depression halted such projects in New York City. Its street-facing facades are composed entirely of limestone. Elements of Art Deco styling were utilized on the entry ways and portions of the Fifth Avenue facade. The building uses setbacks at the upper floors to create terraces for several apartments and provide visual interest from a distance. The building is incorporated as a housing cooperative, where tenants own shares in the corporation which owns the building; those shares entitle the owner to occupy a designated unit in the building. Similar to other ultraluxury apartment buildings in New York City, a person who purchases a unit in the building must pay entirely in cash for the apartment. No mortgage financing is allowed. In addition, the cooperative's board is rumored to require potential buyers to possess liquid assets in excess of ten times the value of the purchased unit. Apartments 834 Fifth has 24 apartments on 16 floors. The building occupies a plot of land which is approximately 150' by 110', allowing for very spacious units. The building's apartments typically range in size from approximately to with an average unit being approximately 6,000 square feet. The largest single unit—a combination of two apartments done during the construction process—is approximately . The original design for 834 called for a midblock 120-foot-wide building, but it was asymmetrically extended southward during construction after a holdout corner mansion was acquired by the developer. Because this happened with the steel frame of the building's structure already in place, the extra 30 feet of frontage would be allocated as a line of duplex apartments, so that the original developer blueprints remained more or less intact. All the apartments were designed with high ceilings, and several units have outdoor space. Apartments in the building have ceiling heights of 11 to 12 feet in the public rooms, while the bedroom floors have ceiling heights of 9 to 11 feet (9 feet in the duplexes and 10 to 11 feet in the simplexes). There are three maisonette apartments, units which have entrances from the street as well as from the building's interior lobby. The duplexes on the southern side of the building form the A Line, each unit of which is approximately 5,500 square feet. These apartments typically have a 600-square-foot living room facing Central Park, and a 450-square-foot dining room and 300-square-foot library along the 64th Street side of the building. Most of these units have four to six bedrooms on their upper floors. Unit 13-14A is 4,750 square feet (as well as approximately 350 square feet of terraces) and Unit 15A is a 2,000 square foot simplex type apartment with approximately 250 square feet of terrace space. Several of the A-Line units have annexed space from adjoining apartments resulting in units that are over 6,000 square feet. In one case, the A-line duplex unit on the 7th and 8th floors was combined with portions of two adjacent B-line units to create the largest apartment in the building, an approximately 10,000-square-foot unit. The other apartments in the building form the B and C lines. In the original building there were two duplex maisonettes, the southern one measured roughly 6,250 square feet, while the smaller northern about 5,500 square feet. Above there were two large duplex units, about 7,000 square feet each. With the additional area available when the building was expanded to 64th Street, the developer created a total of three duplex maisonettes of 5,500, 4,500 and 6,250 square feet in total. The 6,250-square-foot maisonette was modified to enlarge the lobby. Above these maisonettes were the other B and C lines units. On the third and fourth floors are duplex B and C units of approximately 7,000 square feet each. Floors 5, 7, 9 and 10 contain smaller B-Line simplex units. These smaller apartments have Central Park-frontage of approximately 60 feet on each floor. The rest of the building's B-line apartments have a linear expanse of 120 feet of park frontage. Floors 6, 11 and 12 have only one B-line apartment, each of which is 6,500–7,000 square feet (the higher the floor the smaller the square footage due to setbacks and terraces in rear courtyard facing side of each apartment). Floor 8 also has one B-line apartment, but it is smaller due to space annexed into duplex 7-8A. In the C-Line, Floor 5 features a smaller simplex unit, 5C, and Floors 9 and 10 feature a larger duplex unit, 9-10C, with a similar footprint to the C-line duplex on the third and fourth floors. Unit 13B was originally laid out as a four-bedroom duplex, but its upper level, which contained 2 bedrooms, was annexed to become part of the original penthouse (bought by Hugh Baker for $275,000 in 1930). Unit 13B is now a smaller 5,000 square feet two-bedroom simplex unit (including several Park and north-facing terraces). Finally, at the top of the building, the triplex penthouse is 8,000 square feet, with private rooms on the 14th floor, public rooms on the 15th floor, and a sun room/library on the top level of the unit. The penthouse also features an additional 4,000 square feet of outdoor space (terraces, patios). It was expanded by Wallace K. Harrison for Laurance Rockefeller. There is also a 1,000-square-foot superintendent's apartment on the ground floor at the rear of the lobby. Residents 834 Fifth Avenue has historically been home to a large number of founders and heirs of major American family fortunes. The fortunes include those associated with Standard Oil, Johnson & Johnson, Woolworth Stores, the Hearst Corporation, Ford Motor Company and the Chase Manhattan Bank. The building has long been associated with the Rockefeller family and its various business and charitable interests. In addition, 834 Fifth Avenue has welcomed a higher percentage of entrepreneurs and self-made business people than its peer buildings. Firms founded by tenants of 834 Fifth include Charles Schwab, TLC Beatrice, the Limited and Fox. When Charlie Chaplin was in New York City during his contract negotiations with Mutual Film, and found out that his first love, Hetty Kelly, was staying with her sister, Mrs. Ethel Margaret Kelly Gould (wife of Frank Jay Gould), at 834 Fifth Avenue, he stalked the place. Note that this building was not the current structure, but one that was demolished at this site. Other previous structures at this site were 1 East 64th Street (Mr. George Crocker) and 833 Fifth Avenue (Mr. William Guggenheim). Past and current residents include: Antenor Patiño, Bolivian tycoon, heir to his father Simón I. Patiño, called "the King of Tin" (the first sale of a Manhattan apartment for more than $1 million in 1978). He resided in a 15-room apartment sold by Mrs. Flagler Matthews by the broker Evalyn M. Kaiser Laurance Rockefeller (who owned the building before it became a cooperative, and resided in the penthouse triplex for nearly fifty years) Rupert Murdoch (founder of the Fox Network, BSkyB) Robert Bass (billionaire investor) Len Blavatnik (billionaire businessman) Loida Nicolas-Lewis (business woman, philanthropist, widow of Reginald Lewis) Les Wexner (founder, L Brands) John Gutfreund (chairman of Salomon Brothers) and wife Susan Damon Mezzacappa (financier, former vice chairman of Lazard Freres) Elizabeth Arden (founder of the eponymous cosmetics company) Harold Prince (Broadway producer) Carroll Petrie (a philanthropist, widow of the founder of Petrie Stores) A. Alfred Taubman (shopping mall developer, former chairman of Sotheby's) John DeLorean (former automotive magnate) Joan Whitney Payson (an heiress, and philanthropist) Robert (Woody) Johnson IV (one of the heirs of the Johnson & Johnson fortune, owner of the New York Jets) Charles R. Schwab (founder and CEO of the Charles Schwab Corporation) Frank Jay Gould Casey Johnson (an heiress to the Johnson & Johnson fortune, well-known socialite celebutante and daughter of Jets owner Woody Johnson) Jessie Donahue (daughter of five and dime king FW Woolworth) Jean Flagler Matthews (granddaughter and heiress of oil and railroad magnate and founder of Palm Beach, Henry Morrison Flagler) Hamilton E. James (billionaire, bought Hal Prince's apartment) References Residential buildings completed in 1931 Apartment buildings in New York City Condominiums and housing cooperatives in Manhattan Fifth Avenue Art Deco architecture in Manhattan Rosario Candela buildings Upper East Side Residential skyscrapers in Manhattan
In numerical analysis, an incomplete Cholesky factorization of a symmetric positive definite matrix is a sparse approximation of the Cholesky factorization. An incomplete Cholesky factorization is often used as a preconditioner for algorithms like the conjugate gradient method. The Cholesky factorization of a positive definite matrix A is A = LL* where L is a lower triangular matrix. An incomplete Cholesky factorization is given by a sparse lower triangular matrix K that is in some sense close to L. The corresponding preconditioner is KK*. One popular way to find such a matrix K is to use the algorithm for finding the exact Cholesky decomposition in which K has the same sparsity pattern as A (any entry of K is set to zero if the corresponding entry in A is also zero). This gives an incomplete Cholesky factorization which is as sparse as the matrix A. Algorithm For from to : For from to : Implementation Implementation of the incomplete Cholesky factorization in the GNU Octave language. The factorization is stored as a lower triangular matrix, with the elements in the upper triangle set to zero. function a = ichol(a) n = size(a,1); for k = 1:n a(k,k) = sqrt(a(k,k)); for i = (k+1):n if (a(i,k) != 0) a(i,k) = a(i,k)/a(k,k); endif endfor for j = (k+1):n for i = j:n if (a(i,j) != 0) a(i,j) = a(i,j) - a(i,k)*a(j,k); endif endfor endfor endfor for i = 1:n for j = i+1:n a(i,j) = 0; endfor endfor endfunction References Incomplete Cholesky factorization at CFD Online wiki . See Section 10.3.2. Numerical linear algebra
Burton S. "Burt" Kaliski, Jr. is a cryptographer, who is currently the chief technology officer (CTO) and senior vice president at Verisign. Before joining Verisign in 2011, he was the founding director of the EMC Innovation Network at EMC Corporation since its 2006 acquisition of RSA Security where he was Chief Scientist for RSA Laboratories. His notable work includes the development of such public key cryptography standards as PKCS and IEEE P1363, the extension of linear cryptanalysis to use multiple approximations, and the design of the block cipher Crab. Kaliski received his B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science from MIT, where his research was on cryptography. He was a visiting assistant professor of Computer Engineering at Rochester Institute of Technology before joining RSA Security. He was also a guest professor and member of the international advisory board of Peking University, School of Software and Microelectronics. References External links Bio: Burt Kaliski, The New Face of Technology Symposium, Georgia Tech College of Computing. Profile at the AMS-SIAM Mathematics Careers Bulletin Board (archived 2009) Living people Modern cryptographers Public-key cryptographers American cryptographers Computer security academics MIT School of Engineering alumni American chief technology officers Year of birth missing (living people)
Object-oriented modeling (OOM) is an approach to modeling an application that is used at the beginning of the software life cycle when using an object-oriented approach to software development. The software life cycle is typically divided up into stages going from abstract descriptions of the problem to designs then to code and testing and finally to deployment. Modeling is done at the beginning of the process. The reasons to model a system before writing the code are: Communication. Users typically cannot understand programming language or code. Model diagrams can be more understandable and can allow users to give developers feedback on the appropriate structure of the system. A key goal of the Object-Oriented approach is to decrease the "semantic gap" between the system and the real world by using terminology that is the same as the functions that users perform. Modeling is an essential tool to facilitate achieving this goal . Abstraction. A goal of most software methodologies is to first address "what" questions and then address "how" questions. I.e., first determine the functionality the system is to provide without consideration of implementation constraints and then consider how to take this abstract description and refine it into an implementable design and code given constraints such as technology and budget. Modeling enables this by allowing abstract descriptions of processes and objects that define their essential structure and behavior. Object-oriented modeling is typically done via use cases and abstract definitions of the most important objects. The most common language used to do object-oriented modeling is the Object Management Group's Unified Modeling Language (UML). See also Object-oriented analysis and design References Object-oriented programming Software design
Density-based spatial clustering of applications with noise (DBSCAN) is a data clustering algorithm proposed by Martin Ester, Hans-Peter Kriegel, Jörg Sander and Xiaowei Xu in 1996. It is a density-based clustering non-parametric algorithm: given a set of points in some space, it groups together points that are closely packed together (points with many nearby neighbors), marking as outliers points that lie alone in low-density regions (whose nearest neighbors are too far away). DBSCAN is one of the most common, and most commonly cited, clustering algorithms. In 2014, the algorithm was awarded the test of time award (an award given to algorithms which have received substantial attention in theory and practice) at the leading data mining conference, ACM SIGKDD. , the follow-up paper "DBSCAN Revisited, Revisited: Why and How You Should (Still) Use DBSCAN" appears in the list of the 8 most downloaded articles of the prestigious ACM Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) journal. The popular follow-up HDBSCAN* was initially published by Ricardo J. G. Campello, David Moulavi, and Jörg Sander in 2013, then expanded upon with Arthur Zimek in 2015. It revises some of the original decisions such as the border points and produces a hierarchical instead of a flat result. History In 1972, Robert F. Ling published a closely related algorithm in "The Theory and Construction of k-Clusters" in The Computer Journal with an estimated runtime complexity of O(n³). DBSCAN has a worst-case of O(n²), and the database-oriented range-query formulation of DBSCAN allows for index acceleration. The algorithms slightly differ in their handling of border points. Preliminary Consider a set of points in some space to be clustered. Let be a parameter specifying the radius of a neighborhood with respect to some point. For the purpose of DBSCAN clustering, the points are classified as core points, (directly-) reachable points and outliers, as follows: A point is a core point if at least points are within distance of it (including ). A point is directly reachable from if point is within distance from core point . Points are only said to be directly reachable from core points. A point is reachable from if there is a path with and , where each is directly reachable from . Note that this implies that the initial point and all points on the path must be core points, with the possible exception of . All points not reachable from any other point are outliers or noise points. Now if is a core point, then it forms a cluster together with all points (core or non-core) that are reachable from it. Each cluster contains at least one core point; non-core points can be part of a cluster, but they form its "edge", since they cannot be used to reach more points. Reachability is not a symmetric relation: by definition, only core points can reach non-core points. The opposite is not true, so a non-core point may be reachable, but nothing can be reached from it. Therefore, a further notion of connectedness is needed to formally define the extent of the clusters found by DBSCAN. Two points and are density-connected if there is a point such that both and are reachable from . Density-connectedness is symmetric. A cluster then satisfies two properties: All points within the cluster are mutually density-connected. If a point is density-reachable from some point of the cluster, it is part of the cluster as well. Algorithm Original query-based algorithm DBSCAN requires two parameters: ε (eps) and the minimum number of points required to form a dense region (). It starts with an arbitrary starting point that has not been visited. This point's ε-neighborhood is retrieved, and if it contains sufficiently many points, a cluster is started. Otherwise, the point is labeled as noise. Note that this point might later be found in a sufficiently sized ε-environment of a different point and hence be made part of a cluster. If a point is found to be a dense part of a cluster, its ε-neighborhood is also part of that cluster. Hence, all points that are found within the ε-neighborhood are added, as is their own ε-neighborhood when they are also dense. This process continues until the density-connected cluster is completely found. Then, a new unvisited point is retrieved and processed, leading to the discovery of a further cluster or noise. DBSCAN can be used with any distance function (as well as similarity functions or other predicates). The distance function (dist) can therefore be seen as an additional parameter. The algorithm can be expressed in pseudocode as follows: DBSCAN(DB, distFunc, eps, ) { C := 0 /* Cluster counter */ for each point P in database DB { if label(P) ≠ undefined then continue /* Previously processed in inner loop */ Neighbors N := RangeQuery(DB, distFunc, P, eps) /* Find neighbors */ if |N| < then { /* Density check */ label(P) := Noise /* Label as Noise */ continue } C := C + 1 /* next cluster label */ label(P) := C /* Label initial point */ SeedSet S := N \ {P} /* Neighbors to expand */ for each point Q in S { /* Process every seed point Q */ if label(Q) = Noise then label(Q) := C /* Change Noise to border point */ if label(Q) ≠ undefined then continue /* Previously processed (e.g., border point) */ label(Q) := C /* Label neighbor */ Neighbors N := RangeQuery(DB, distFunc, Q, eps) /* Find neighbors */ if |N| ≥ then { /* Density check (if Q is a core point) */ S := S ∪ N /* Add new neighbors to seed set */ } } } } where RangeQuery can be implemented using a database index for better performance, or using a slow linear scan: RangeQuery(DB, distFunc, Q, eps) { Neighbors N := empty list for each point P in database DB { /* Scan all points in the database */ if distFunc(Q, P) ≤ eps then { /* Compute distance and check epsilon */ N := N ∪ {P} /* Add to result */ } } return N } Abstract algorithm The DBSCAN algorithm can be abstracted into the following steps: Find the points in the ε (eps) neighborhood of every point, and identify the core points with more than neighbors. Find the connected components of core points on the neighbor graph, ignoring all non-core points. Assign each non-core point to a nearby cluster if the cluster is an ε (eps) neighbor, otherwise assign it to noise. A naive implementation of this requires storing the neighborhoods in step 1, thus requiring substantial memory. The original DBSCAN algorithm does not require this by performing these steps for one point at a time. Optimization Criterion DBSCAN optimizes the following loss function: For any possible clustering out of the set of all clusterings , it minimizes the number of clusters under the condition that every pair of points in a cluster is density-reachable, which corresponds to the original two properties "maximality" and "connectivity" of a cluster: where gives the smallest such that two points and are density-connected. Complexity DBSCAN visits each point of the database, possibly multiple times (e.g., as candidates to different clusters). For practical considerations, however, the time complexity is mostly governed by the number of regionQuery invocations. DBSCAN executes exactly one such query for each point, and if an indexing structure is used that executes a neighborhood query in , an overall average runtime complexity of is obtained (if parameter is chosen in a meaningful way, i.e. such that on average only points are returned). Without the use of an accelerating index structure, or on degenerated data (e.g. all points within a distance less than ), the worst case run time complexity remains . The = -sized upper triangle of the distance matrix can be materialized to avoid distance recomputations, but this needs memory, whereas a non-matrix based implementation of DBSCAN only needs memory. Advantages DBSCAN does not require one to specify the number of clusters in the data a priori, as opposed to k-means. DBSCAN can find arbitrarily-shaped clusters. It can even find a cluster completely surrounded by (but not connected to) a different cluster. Due to the MinPts parameter, the so-called single-link effect (different clusters being connected by a thin line of points) is reduced. DBSCAN has a notion of noise, and is robust to outliers. DBSCAN requires just two parameters and is mostly insensitive to the ordering of the points in the database. (However, points sitting on the edge of two different clusters might swap cluster membership if the ordering of the points is changed, and the cluster assignment is unique only up to isomorphism.) DBSCAN is designed for use with databases that can accelerate region queries, e.g. using an R* tree. The parameters and ε can be set by a domain expert, if the data is well understood. Disadvantages DBSCAN is not entirely deterministic: border points that are reachable from more than one cluster can be part of either cluster, depending on the order the data are processed. For most data sets and domains, this situation does not arise often and has little impact on the clustering result: both on core points and noise points, DBSCAN is deterministic. DBSCAN* is a variation that treats border points as noise, and this way achieves a fully deterministic result as well as a more consistent statistical interpretation of density-connected components. The quality of DBSCAN depends on the distance measure used in the function regionQuery(P,ε). The most common distance metric used is Euclidean distance. Especially for high-dimensional data, this metric can be rendered almost useless due to the so-called "Curse of dimensionality", making it difficult to find an appropriate value for ε. This effect, however, is also present in any other algorithm based on Euclidean distance. DBSCAN cannot cluster data sets well with large differences in densities, since the -ε combination cannot then be chosen appropriately for all clusters. If the data and scale are not well understood, choosing a meaningful distance threshold ε can be difficult. See the section below on extensions for algorithmic modifications to handle these issues. Parameter estimation Every data mining task has the problem of parameters. Every parameter influences the algorithm in specific ways. For DBSCAN, the parameters ε and are needed. The parameters must be specified by the user. Ideally, the value of ε is given by the problem to solve (e.g. a physical distance), and is then the desired minimum cluster size. MinPts: As a rule of thumb, a minimum can be derived from the number of dimensions D in the data set, as ≥ D + 1. The low value of = 1 does not make sense, as then every point is a core point by definition. With ≤ 2, the result will be the same as of hierarchical clustering with the single link metric, with the dendrogram cut at height ε. Therefore, must be chosen at least 3. However, larger values are usually better for data sets with noise and will yield more significant clusters. As a rule of thumb, = 2·dim can be used, but it may be necessary to choose larger values for very large data, for noisy data or for data that contains many duplicates. ε: The value for ε can then be chosen by using a k-distance graph, plotting the distance to the k = -1 nearest neighbor ordered from the largest to the smallest value. Good values of ε are where this plot shows an "elbow": if ε is chosen much too small, a large part of the data will not be clustered; whereas for a too high value of ε, clusters will merge and the majority of objects will be in the same cluster. In general, small values of ε are preferable, and as a rule of thumb only a small fraction of points should be within this distance of each other. Alternatively, an OPTICS plot can be used to choose ε, but then the OPTICS algorithm itself can be used to cluster the data. Distance function: The choice of distance function is tightly coupled to the choice of ε, and has a major impact on the results. In general, it will be necessary to first identify a reasonable measure of similarity for the data set, before the parameter ε can be chosen. There is no estimation for this parameter, but the distance functions needs to be chosen appropriately for the data set. For example, on geographic data, the great-circle distance is often a good choice. OPTICS can be seen as a generalization of DBSCAN that replaces the ε parameter with a maximum value that mostly affects performance. MinPts then essentially becomes the minimum cluster size to find. While the algorithm is much easier to parameterize than DBSCAN, the results are a bit more difficult to use, as it will usually produce a hierarchical clustering instead of the simple data partitioning that DBSCAN produces. Recently, one of the original authors of DBSCAN has revisited DBSCAN and OPTICS, and published a refined version of hierarchical DBSCAN (HDBSCAN*), which no longer has the notion of border points. Instead, only the core points form the cluster. Relationship to spectral clustering A spectral implementation of DBSCAN is related to spectral clustering in the trivial case of determining connected graph components — the optimal clusters with no edges cut. However, it can be computationally intensive, up to . Additionally, one has to choose the number of eigenvectors to compute. For performance reasons, the original DBSCAN algorithm remains preferable to its spectral implementation. Extensions Generalized DBSCAN (GDBSCAN) is a generalization by the same authors to arbitrary "neighborhood" and "dense" predicates. The ε and parameters are removed from the original algorithm and moved to the predicates. For example, on polygon data, the "neighborhood" could be any intersecting polygon, whereas the density predicate uses the polygon areas instead of just the object count. Various extensions to the DBSCAN algorithm have been proposed, including methods for parallelization, parameter estimation, and support for uncertain data. The basic idea has been extended to hierarchical clustering by the OPTICS algorithm. DBSCAN is also used as part of subspace clustering algorithms like PreDeCon and SUBCLU. HDBSCAN* is a hierarchical version of DBSCAN which is also faster than OPTICS, from which a flat partition consisting of the most prominent clusters can be extracted from the hierarchy. Availability Different implementations of the same algorithm were found to exhibit enormous performance differences, with the fastest on a test data set finishing in 1.4 seconds, the slowest taking 13803 seconds. The differences can be attributed to implementation quality, language and compiler differences, and the use of indexes for acceleration. Apache Commons Math contains a Java implementation of the algorithm running in quadratic time. ELKI offers an implementation of DBSCAN as well as GDBSCAN and other variants. This implementation can use various index structures for sub-quadratic runtime and supports arbitrary distance functions and arbitrary data types, but it may be outperformed by low-level optimized (and specialized) implementations on small data sets. MATLAB includes an implementation of DBSCAN in its "Statistics and Machine Learning Toolbox" since release R2019a. mlpack includes an implementation of DBSCAN accelerated with dual-tree range search techniques. PostGIS includes ST_ClusterDBSCAN – a 2D implementation of DBSCAN that uses R-tree index. Any geometry type is supported, e.g. Point, LineString, Polygon, etc. R contains implementations of DBSCAN in the packages dbscan and fpc. Both packages support arbitrary distance functions via distance matrices. The package fpc does not have index support (and thus has quadratic runtime and memory complexity) and is rather slow due to the R interpreter. The package dbscan provides a fast C++ implementation using k-d trees (for Euclidean distance only) and also includes implementations of DBSCAN*, HDBSCAN*, OPTICS, OPTICSXi, and other related methods. scikit-learn includes a Python implementation of DBSCAN for arbitrary Minkowski metrics, which can be accelerated using k-d trees and ball trees but which uses worst-case quadratic memory. A contribution to scikit-learn provides an implementation of the HDBSCAN* algorithm. pyclustering library includes a Python and C++ implementation of DBSCAN for Euclidean distance only as well as OPTICS algorithm. SPMF includes an implementation of the DBSCAN algorithm with k-d tree support for Euclidean distance only. Weka contains (as an optional package in latest versions) a basic implementation of DBSCAN that runs in quadratic time and linear memory. linfa includes an implementation of the DBSCAN for the rust programming language. Julia includes an implementation of DBSCAN in the Julia Statistics's Clustering.jl package. Notes References Cluster analysis algorithms
Barrapunto was a Spanish-language Slashdot-like website, founded on 7 June 1999, which is part of a complex social network among Spanish-language websites. In 2006, it was the winner of a 20Blogs Award from the online newspaper 20 minutos, in the category "Mejor comunidad de un blog" (best blog community). The site and its community have also been the subject of both English- and Spanish-language academic research. The name was derived in the same manner as Slashdot, with the Spanish "http://" pronounced "hache-te-te-pe-dos puntos-barra-barra" and "http://barrapunto.com/" pronounced "hache-te-te-pe-dos puntos-barra-barra-barra-punto-punto-com". Barrapunto ran Slash, the open source software used by Slashdot, and materials were published under CC BY. Barrapunto was founded by six professionals and teachers in 1999 as a meeting point for the free software community. By 2005 more than half a million comments had been posted and almost 40,000 stories. After six years of silence, in January 2018, the website's Twitter account published one tweet to announce a technical stop and it has been down ever since. In August 2019, and in the absence of an official statement on the matter, the website stopped responding. Notes and references External links Barrapunto Barrapunto vs. Slashdot: Challenging the Scalability of Self-Moderated Communities - a presentation by computer scientists Samuel Navarro and Gwendal Simon comparing the use of moderation on Barrapunto and Slashdot Web portals
Blue Skied An' Clear is a two-disc compilation, featuring various artists from Morr Music covering songs from the shoegazer band Slowdive on the first disc and composing songs "inspired" by Slowdive on the second disc. It was released in 2002 by Morr Music, and was the label's 30th release. In addition to serving as a showcase of the Morr Music roster, this release serves as a testament to the resurgence or revival of the shoegazing sound in this particular realm of electronica or IDM. Whereas the initial wave of shoegazer rock had fuzzed out guitars (via distortion from effects pedals) as a central characteristic, the artists on this release combine that with (or abandon it for) glitchy beats, synth tones, and digital signal processing effects. On this release, and with this indietronica style of music in general, musicians composing with software housed in laptop computers often replace the conventional rock band formula. Being composed of Slowdive covers, the first disc has substantially more vocals than the second disc, which is more in line with the modus operandi of electronica or indietronica artists, generally speaking. The title of this compilation is taken from a track on Slowdive's third album, Pygmalion. This track was covered by Manual. Track listing Disc 1 (Slowdive covers) Future 3 — "Alison" – 3:11 ISAN — "Waves" – 6:54 Lali Puna — "40 Days" – 3:51 Ulrich Schnauss — "Crazy For You" – 6:31 B. Fleischmann & Ms. John Soda — "Here She Comes" – 4:24 Limp — "Souvlaki Space Station" – 5:18 Solvent — "When The Sun Hits" – 3:59 Styrofoam — "Altogether" – 3:57 Skanfrom — "Here She Comes" – 2:29 ISAN — "Celia's Dream" – 4:42 Komëit — "When The Sun Hits" – 3:04 Manual — "Blue Skied An' Clear" – 5:32 Herrmann & Kleine — "Dagger" – 4:43 Múm — "Machine Gun" – 3:50 Disc two Manual — "Summer Haze" – 5:11 ISAN — "My Last Journey (Weather Balloon)" – 5:56 Guitar — "House Full Of Time" – 4:46 Ulrich Schnauss — "Wherever You Are" – 6:38 Styrofoam — "Fade Out Your Eyes" – 5:25 Populous — "Clijster" – 4:22 Future 3 — "Stuff" – 3:50 Solvent — "Discontinued Parts (Instrumental Mix)" – 4:02 Herrmann & Kleine — "Leaving You Behind (Without Knowing Where To Go) – 6:32 B. Fleischmann — "Take A Day Off" – 5:56 Icebreaker International & Manual — "Into Forever" – 5:06 Komëit — "Same, Same" – 4:03 Ms. John Soda — "Solid Ground" – 3:27 Limp — "Silent Running" – 4:34 Personnel Markus Acher – Producer Micha Acher – Interpretation Judith Beck – Vocals Stefanie Böhm – Interpretation Digital Jockey – Producer, Mixing, Vocal Programming Bernhard Fleischmann – Producer, Interpretation Thaddi Herrmann – Producer isan – Producer Günther Janssen – Programming, Engineer Regina Janssen – Vocals Christian Kleine – Producer Thomas Knak – Producer Jan Kruse – Cover Design Maja Maria – Vocals Jonas Munk – Producer Anders Remmer – Producer Ulrich Schnauss – Arranger, Producer Jesper Skaaning – Producer Skanfrom – Arranger Solvent – Producer, Interpretation Mario Thaler – Producer Valerie Trebeljahr – Producer References External links Urban Smarts's Blue Skied An' Clear 2002 albums Slowdive tribute albums Morr Music albums
Banana Prince is a 2D platform game for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). It was released in Japan by Takara on December 20, 1991. The German version, released in February 1992, features slightly different graphics and gameshow questions. Gameplay As an Island Native, the Banana Prince is on a quest to retrieve the stolen weapons of the island; along the way he'll pick up companions and even appear on a game show, which allows you to warp to another level. Like Jack and the Beanstalk, he has with him a bag of seeds that allows him to grow a flower and climb it. There are also hidden platforms, and doors that can only be reached by collecting flower tokens (which allow him to grow a bigger flower). Development and release Reception Banana Prince was met with mixed reception from critics since its release. Aktueller Software Markts Thomas Morgen commended the plant-growing mechanic and overall playability but felt mixed in regards to the audiovisual presentation, stating that the game was "rather boring". Likewise, Mega Funs Markus Appel and Sandrie Souleiman felt that the visuals were bearable but praised the music. Both Appel and Souleiman liked the question-based bonus rounds due to their simplicity as well as the story but ultimately remarked that it was an above-average title due to lack of direction. In contrast, Video Games Stephan Englhart noted that its focus on collecting fruit was fresh and gave positive remarks to the varied character animations, technical presentation, precise controls and graphically varied stages. Total!s Thomas Hellwig commented that its gameplay and controls were good but the rest was "rather sloppy" due to the visuals, music and poor text translation. Retrospective reviews for Banana Prince have been positive. Game Freaks 365s Stan Stepanic compared the game with Kirby's Adventure due to its styling and storyline. Stepanic gave praise to the graphics due to the lack of flickering and slowdown, sound design, gameplay and creativity but remarked that the German questions could prove challenging for those not versed in the language. Hardcore Gaming 101s Kurt Kalata gave the title a positive outlook. Notes References External links Banana Prince at GameFAQs Banana Prince at Giant Bomb Banana Prince at MobyGames 1991 video games KID games Takara video games Nintendo Entertainment System games Nintendo Entertainment System-only games Platformers Video games developed in Japan
Awesome Animated Monster Maker was a children's creative play computer video game program on CD-ROM, produced by ImaginEngine and published by Houghton-Mifflin's interactive Division in 1994. It was one of the first pieces of software made for young children, especially in the 2-5 age range. Game overview In Monster Maker, users create a monster by sticking together animated parts. Each part has several states to it: happy, sad, angry, etc. When a monster is happy or sad, all of its various parts animate together in the new state. Once a monster is created, one can play a variety of games and activities with it, such as making music, getting clothing and accessories, or printing it out. Monster Maker was designed for creative play, like a paint program. There were no overarching goals other than to have fun. Shortly after the first version, ImaginEngine released a follow-up called the Ultra Edition. It added four mini-games one can play with a monster, including judo and a water skiing race. Technical features Monster Maker was a cross-platform Hybrid CD-ROM that worked in both Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows computers. For Windows machines, it would work on 3.11, 95, 98, and NT. For Macs, it had 68k and PowerPC versions. Monster Maker was programmed in C++. It was developed on Windows NT and then ported to CodeWarrior on the Mac. Monster Maker ran in four megs of memory. The animation engine was locked at 12 frames per second, regardless of the speed of the computer. It required an Intel 80486 processor and a video card that could do 640x480x8. Under Windows, it relied on the WinG library for its blitter engine. Monster Maker's blitter engine used a custom sprite codec that was highly optimized for unique content aspects of monster parts. Each part in Monster Maker used a special palette that had four "part colors" and four "sticky colors". The part colors could be changed during blit to allow the user to change the color of parts on the screen. The sticky color could also be changed during the blit, and it would take on the part color of whatever the part was stuck to. For example, an arm could take on the color of whatever body it was stuck to. The blitter had many advanced features for its time, including the ability to scale parts to an arbitrary size up or down and the ability handle translucency. It used a version of Bresenham's line algorithm to compute the scaling factors, similar to the approach discussed in the Graphics Gems series. The engine also had the ability to recompile collections of part hierarchies into single composite parts on the fly, which was how the game was able to keep so much animation on the screen. A sequel, Awesome Animated Monster Maker Math, was released in 1998. References Classic Mac OS games Windows games 1994 video games Video games developed in the United States ImaginEngine games
Microsoft Message Passing Interface (MS MPI) is an implementation of the MPI-2 specification by Microsoft for use in Windows HPC Server 2008 to interconnect and communicate (via messages) between High performance computing nodes. It is mostly compatible with the MPICH2 reference implementation, with some exceptions for job launch and management. MS MPI includes bindings for C and FORTRAN languages. It supports using the Microsoft Visual Studio for debugging purposes. MS MPI can use any physical network, including Gigabit Ethernet, Infiniband and Myrinet, for which a Winsock Direct driver has been provided. The Winsock Direct provider bypasses the TCP/IP stack of the OS and directly provides access to the networking hardware, using transport protocols tailored for the network type. In absence of such drivers, the TCP/IP stack can also be used. References External links Using Microsoft Message Passing Interface Windows communication and services Windows Server
The Ground Observer Corps (GOC), sometimes erroneously referred to as the Ground Observation Corps, was the name of two American civil defense organizations during the middle 20th century. World War II organization The first Ground Observer Corps was a World War II Civil Defense program of the United States Army Air Forces to protect United States territory against air attack. The 1.5 million civilian observers at 14,000 coastal observation posts performed naked eye and binocular searches to detect German or Japanese aircraft. Observations were telephoned to filter centers, which forwarded authenticated reports to the Aircraft Warning Service, which also received reports from Army radar stations. The program ended in 1944. A few Aircraft Warning Service Observation Towers survive as relics. Cold War organization The second Ground Observer Corps, with programmatic aims and methodologies similar to the first, was organized in early 1950, during the Cold War. Its creation was prompted by the similar organization formed in Canada in 1950, the RCAF Ground Observer Corps. Operating as an arm of the United States Air Force Civil Defense service, the second GOC supplemented the Lashup Radar Network and the Permanent System radar stations. Observations were telephoned directly to filter centers and the information was relayed to Air Defense Command ground control interception centers. By 1952 the GOC program was expanded into Operation Skywatch, consisting of 750,000 volunteers aged 7 to 86 years old working in shifts at over 16,000 posts and 73 filter centers. Extant examples of observation platforms used by GOC/Skywatch volunteers include the Cairo Skywatch Tower, the West Island tower in Fairhaven, Massachusetts (originally part of a World War II-era anti-submarine Fire-control system), and a tower in Soda Springs, Idaho. The second GOC program ended in 1958 with the advent of automated Army (Missile Master) and Air Force (SAGE) radar systems. GOC volunteers were encouraged to continue their service in the Radio Amateur Civil Emergency Service (RACES). Popular culture The GOC was a story element in the 1957 science fiction film The Deadly Mantis. See also Aircraft recognition Aircraft Identity Corps (Canada) Volunteer Air Observers Corps (Australia) Royal Observer Corps (United Kingdom) Aircraft Detection Corps Newfoundland References Ground-based air defence observation corps 1940s establishments in the United States Civil defense organizations based in the United States Military units and formations established in the 1940s United States home front during World War II
SB/XA is a 4GL development and runtime environment originally written for the Pick family of computer databases/environments and now part of the Rocket U2 software suite. The SystemBuilder environment comprises SB+ Server, often running on a Rocket U2 database, SBClient which runs as a Microsoft Windows desktop client and the SB/XA Communications server for browser clients. The product can be run in either developer or runtime mode. The development environment enables rapid prototyping, development and deployment of applications and supports a variety of user interface environments. History System Builder originally owned by Computermatic PL was started in a garden shed in South Africa by first cousins Neill and Derek Miller in 1982. The popularity of the Pick database system, combined with a lack of a good development framework led them to develop a tool to build standard menus and screens. The product was very successful and after expanding into international markets and after a few versions they began to re-develop the product from the ground up. This was to become SB+ and was released in early 1990. Traditionally, up to this time, Pick systems were accessed using green-screen terminals like the Wyse60 or VT100 but with the rise of the PC a new paradigm presented itself and so around the end of 1991 the product was enhanced with the addition of a specialised terminal emulation client called Termulator! This was able to tightly integrate the server and the PC to allow for facilities like downloads direct from the server into Lotus 1-2-3 or the new kid on the block, Microsoft Excel. Shortly after, the client program was renamed SBClient and the ability to develop and render screens in either character or GUI mode. Having been bought by Unidata Corporation in 1996, and following Unidata's merger with VMark Software Inc to form Ardent Software in 1998, the SystemBuilder product set came under the ownership of Informix in 2000 following their purchase of Ardent Software for its Datastage product. Subsequently, in 2001 Informix themselves were bought by IBM, and the U2 and SystemBuilder products eventually found their way to become part of IBM's Data Management portfolio. Development of the SystemBuilder and RedBack products continued in Sydney until 2005, when they were merged with the U2 development team located in Denver, United States. On 1 October 2009, Rocket Software announced the purchase of the entire U2 suite, which includes SystemBuilder, from IBM. The SystemBuilder Development Environment The System Builder/SB+ server environment is based around a set of key tools and utilities. These leverage out to provide a powerful and comprehensive development environment which is, itself, built mainly from these tools. SB+ includes an application menuing system, screen generator, a 3GL programming language, an expression language, the GUI components and report writer tool. Evolution In August 2008, System Builder released SB/XA v6.0.0 SB/XA which includes many enhancements to the System Builder suite including a new user interface based on Web/XAML protocols. The most recent iteration of SB/XA may be found here in the Rocket Software Product Matrix External links System Builder home page "SB+ Solutions" by Kevin King References SB+
OrangeHRM Inc. is a HR software company based in Secaucus, New Jersey, best known for its Human resource management system. OrangeHRM was founded by Sujee Saparamadu in 2005. OrangeHRM offers starter and advanced version for its clients. History Founder and CEO of OrangeHRM Sujee Saparamadu, started OrangeHRM in 2005 with four employees. OrangeHRM 1.0 was a free and open source version released to Sourceforge in March 2006. 1.0 comprised features such as employee information management, employee self-service, and reporting. In 2010 OrangeHRM received a Series A investment from principal investors Larry Stefonic and David Axmark. David Axmark. David Axmark is also a co-founder of MySQL AB and a developer of the free database server, MySQL, is on the board of directors. Products Packages OrangeHRM Starter - Open Source Version OrangeHRM Advanced Platform People Management HR Administration Employee Management Reporting & Analytics Compensation Payroll Connector PTO / Leave Management Time Tracking Talent Management Recruitment (ATS) On-boarding Culture Performance Management Career Development Training (LMS) References https://www.orangehrm.com/resources/orangehrm-license/ https://www.24-7pressrelease.com/press-release/147085/orangehrm-closes-on-series-a-financing https://www.orangehrm.com/company/about-us/about-orangehrm https://sourceforge.net/projects/orangehrm/ Free business software Human resource management software Free human resource management software Software companies of the United States Software companies of Sri Lanka
StatXact is a statistical software package for analyzing data using exact statistics. It calculates exact p-values and confidence intervals for contingency tables and non-parametric procedures. It is marketed by Cytel Inc. References External links StatXact homepage at Cytel Inc. Statistical software Windows-only proprietary software
Automated Lip Reading (ALR) is a software technology developed by speech recognition expert Frank Hubner. A video image of a person talking can be analysed by the software. The shapes made by the lips can be examined and then turned into sounds. The sounds are compared to a dictionary to create matches to the words being spoken. The technology was used successfully to analyse silent home movie footage of Adolf Hitler taken by Eva Braun at their Bavarian retreat Berghof. The video, with words, was included in a documentary titled "Hitler's Private World", Revealed Studios, 2006 Source: New Technology catches Hitler off guard See also Audio-visual speech recognition Silent speech interface Articulatory speech recognition Computational linguistics Facial motion capture lip-reading Computational linguistics Speech recognition Applications of computer vision
Operation Site Down is the umbrella name for a law enforcement initiative conducted by the United States' FBI and law enforcement agents from ten other countries which resulted in a raid on targets on June 29, 2005. Three separate undercover investigations were involved, based in Chicago, Charlotte and San Jose. The raid consisted of approximately 70 searches in the U.S. and approximately 20 others in ten other countries in an effort to disrupt and dismantle many of the leading Warez groups which distribute and trade in copyrighted software, movies, music and games on the Internet. On February 1, 2006, the U.S. Attorney's Office under Patrick Fitzgerald announced that it was indicting nineteen members of Risciso, a software and movie infringement ring, in U.S. District Court in Chicago. The lead prosecutor for the government in this case was Assistant U.S. Attorney Pravin Rao. Up to May 6, 2008, there had been over 40 convictions as a result of the ongoing investigation. As part of each plea agreement, each defendant has agreed to forfeit the equipment that was seized during the federal search warrants executed on June 29, 2005. Sentences Mark G. Carter II (a.k.a. Burner), 29, of Upland, California, was sentenced to 30 months' imprisonment, and ordered to pay $34,964 in restitution. Judge Whyte also sentenced the defendant to a three-year period of supervised release. On December 12, 2005, Carter pleaded guilty to one count of violating the NET Act and to one count of conspiracy to commit criminal copyright infringement. The defendant began serving the sentence on October 26, 2006. Ryan Zeman, 23, of Rohnert Park, California, was sentenced to three years' probation, four months' home confinement, four months' community confinement, and required to pay $120,000 in restitution. On October 3, 2005, Zeman pleaded guilty to violating the NET Act, 17 U.S.C. § 506(a)(1)(B) and 18 U.S.C. § 2319(c)(1), and aiding and abetting. Gregory Dickman, 25, of Wilmington, North Carolina, was sentenced to 8 months' home confinement, three years of probation and ordered to pay $31,515 in restitution. On April 10, 2006, Dickman pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit criminal copyright infringement in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371 and to violating the NET Act, 17 U.S.C. § 506(a)(1)(B) and 18 U.S.C. § 2319(c)(1), and aiding and abetting. Johnny Russell, 34, of Spring, Texas, was sentenced to 8 months in a community confinement facility, three years of probation, and ordered to pay a $11,508 in restitution. On April 10, 2006, Russell pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit criminal copyright infringement in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371 and to violating the NET Act, 17 U.S.C. § 506(a)(1)(B) and 18 U.S.C. § 2319(c)(1), and aiding and abetting. Similarities to The Scene miniseries An online film series titled The Scene is a fictional take on the actual bootlegging scene. Some claims have been made that there are coincidences between the series and actual events. The main character is Brian Sandro, an NYU student, who also infringes Hollywood movies in his spare time. Sandro heads the movie release group, CPX. In episode nine, released in the beginning of June 2005, Sandro, whose IRC alias is Drosan, is messaged by a member named Gryffin. Gryffin was earlier looking for members of CPX in a different IRC channel. Gryffin's friend's father apparently works at a film studio and Gryffin is asking to be a supplier to CPX. The Gryffin character in the scene comes off as a little mysterious, but otherwise harmless. However, it was pointed out that his name is similar to the nickname of the actual lead FBI agent, Griffen, responsible for the busts in Operation Site Down. Also, in the messaging session between Drosan and Gryffin, the music playing in the background periodically says "he works for the FBI" in a trancelike fashion. Jun Productions, the creators of The Scene, deny all accounts that they had insider information about the arrests and that the similarities are only coincidences. However, according to a Slyck posting, Gryffin the character and Griffen the FBI agent shared the same BNC the.yankees-suck.net. The vhost resolves to Hurricane Electric, which is the location of the two Fed topsites: CHUD and LAD. Furthermore, Bruce Forrest, who was quoted in a Wired article as a self-proclaimed "double agent", was an active correspondent for The Scene series. While Jun Productions claim that Forrest had no involvement in the ninth episode (he supposedly left on his own terms after the eighth episode), some speculate that it could have been an elaborate warning by Forrest about the impending Federal arrests. See also Operation Buccaneer Operation Fastlink Operation D-Elite References External links 'Operation Site Down' Attacks Organized Piracy Networks in 10 Countries, press release by the US Department of Justice (June 30, 2005) First "Operation Site Down" Indictment Charges Four Defendants with Copyright Violations Following Undercover "Warez" Investigation, press release by the US Department of Justice (July 14, 2005). Justice Department Announces Eight Charged in Internet Piracy Crackdown, press release by the US Department of Justice (July 28, 2005) Defendant Indicted for Camcording Films in Movie Theaters and for Distributing the Films on Computer Networks, press release by the US Department of Justice on Salisbury charge (August 4, 2005) First Guilty Plea to New Federal Law Prohibiting Camcording Films in Movie Theaters Missouri Theater Employee First Conviction in "Operation Copycat", press release by the US Department of Justice on Salisbury plea (September 26, 2005) Second Guilty Plea in Connection with Operation Copycat, press release by the US Department of Justice on Zeman plea (October 3, 2005) Five New Defendants Charged with Internet-based Movie Piracy, Plus Software and Games Piracy, press release by the US Department of Justice (November 17, 2005) 10 Convictions to Date for Internet-based Piracy of Movies, Software and Games in Operation Copycat, press release by the US Department of Justice (January 9, 2006) Ten Additional Defendants Charged with Violating Copyright Laws as Part of Operation Copycat, press release by the US Department of Justice (January 26, 2006) 19 Indicted in $6.5 Million "RiSCISO" Software Piracy Conspiracy, press release by the US Department of Justice (February 1, 2006) Five Additional Defendants Charged with Violating Copyright Laws, press release by the US Department of Justice (April 6, 2006) Press Release - Thirtieth copyright conviction as part of Operation Copycat - Includes Film Critic Who Admitted to Selling Over 100 Movies For Illegal Distribution. Third Conviction for Camcording Movies in a Theater Copyright enforcement Federal Bureau of Investigation operations
Twonky may refer to: The Twonky, a 1953 science-fiction comedy film based on a short story by Lewis Padgett TwonkyMedia server, a multi-media content home server "The Twonky", a 1943 short story by C. L. Moore and Henry Kuttner, awarded a Retro-Hugo Award in 2018 Twonky (video game), a Commodore PET game See also Twinkie (disambiguation)
Frantic is a VIC-20 space shoot 'em up published by Imagine Software on cassette in 1982. A ZX Spectrum 48K version was planned, but never released. Gameplay The player pilots a space ship while trying to keep an X and Y axis centered on the enemy, which enters the field of play at varying speeds and directions. Slower enemies appear horizontally and quicker enemies diagonally. The game's title alludes to the fact that the game is timed, as fuel levels deplete during play. Centering the X and Y axis to target enemies involves engaging thrusters which in turn burns fuel. The game can be played with either a joystick or keyboard. References 1982 video games VIC-20 games VIC-20-only games Shoot 'em ups Video games developed in the United Kingdom Imagine Software games
In cryptography, a watermarking attack is an attack on disk encryption methods where the presence of a specially crafted piece of data can be detected by an attacker without knowing the encryption key. Problem description Disk encryption suites generally operate on data in 512-byte sectors which are individually encrypted and decrypted. These 512-byte sectors alone can use any block cipher mode of operation (typically CBC), but since arbitrary sectors in the middle of the disk need to be accessible individually, they cannot depend on the contents of their preceding/succeeding sectors. Thus, with CBC, each sector has to have its own initialization vector (IV). If these IVs are predictable by an attacker (and the filesystem reliably starts file content at the same offset to the start of each sector, and files are likely to be largely contiguous), then there is a chosen plaintext attack which can reveal the existence of encrypted data. The problem is analogous to that of using block ciphers in the electronic codebook (ECB) mode, but instead of whole blocks, only the first block in different sectors are identical. The problem can be relatively easily eliminated by making the IVs unpredictable with, for example, ESSIV. Alternatively, one can use modes of operation specifically designed for disk encryption (see disk encryption theory). This weakness affected many disk encryption programs, including older versions of BestCrypt as well as the now-deprecated cryptoloop. To carry out the attack, a specially crafted plaintext file is created for encryption in the system under attack, to "NOP-out" the IV such that the first ciphertext block in two or more sectors is identical. This requires that the input to the cipher (plaintext, , XOR initialisation vector, ) for each block must be the same; i.e., . Thus, we must choose plaintexts, such that . The ciphertext block patterns generated in this way give away the existence of the file, without any need for the disk to be decrypted first. See also Disk encryption theory Initialization vector Block cipher modes of operation Watermark References Cryptographic attacks Disk encryption
Peter Michael Najarian is an options trader, television personality, market analyst, and co-founder of optionMONSTER, a provider of market intelligence, commentary, and trading strategies. Along with his brother, Jon Najarian, he founded an online brokerage called tradeMONSTER in October 2008, which sends trading information through the Web without requiring clients to download trading software. In 2016, Najarian co-founded Market Rebellion, a provider of options education, commentary, and trading strategies. Najarian was a contributor on CNBC's show Fast Money alongside Guy Adami, Steve Grasso, Karen Finerman, and Tim Seymour, and has served on the NaturalShrimp, Inc. advisory board. Biography Najarian grew up in Minnesota, the son of transplant surgeon John Najarian. Football career Najarian played college football with the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers as a linebacker. He was named to the All-Big Ten second-team for three years, from 1983 to 1985, and was awarded the school's Carl Eller award for outstanding defensive player for three consecutive years, from 1983 to 1985. He also served as the team's captain in 1985. After earning a degree from the University of Minnesota, he became a professional football player with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Minnesota Vikings. Pete also played for the Sacramento Surge and won a World Bowl in 1992 Post-playing career Najarian became an options trader in 1992 with the encouragement of his brother, Jon Najarian, who worked for Mercury Trading at the Chicago Board Options Exchange. Peter Najarian became president of Mercury, a position he held from 2000 to 2004, and oversaw the company's sale to Citadel LLC. He has appeared on the CNBC financial investing show Fast Money. Beginning with the 2013 season he became a commentator for ESPN's college football coverage. On February 17, 2021, aquaculture company NaturalShrimp, Inc. announced the appointment of Najarian to its advisory board. References External links 1963 births Living people American financial businesspeople American football linebackers Television personalities from San Francisco CNBC people Minnesota Golden Gophers football players Minnesota Vikings players Sacramento Surge players Tampa Bay Buccaneers players Players of American football from San Francisco Players of American football from Minneapolis American people of Armenian descent
The following tables compare general and technical information for a number of notable webmail providers who offer a web interface in English. The list does not include web hosting providers who may offer email server and/or client software as a part of hosting package, or telecommunication providers (mobile network operators, internet service providers) who may offer mailboxes exclusively to their customers. General General information on webmail providers and products Digital rights Verification How much information users must provide to verify and complete the registration when opening an account (green means less personal information requested): Secure delivery Features to reduce the risk of third-party tracking and interception of the email content; measures to increase the deliverability of correct outbound messages. Other Unique features Features See also Comparison of web search engines - often merged with webmail by companies that host both services References Webmail Providers Network software comparisons
Hardware Wildlife Management Area is owned by the State of Utah and managed by the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources. It is located in the Blacksmith Fork Canyon, about east of Hyrum, Utah. Rocky Mountain elk are fed here through the winter to prevent them from coming to inhabited areas further down the canyon in search of food. Horse-drawn sleigh rides and a visitor center are offered from mid December to February. History Hardware Wildlife Management Area (WMA) is owned by the State of Utah and managed by the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources. Neighboring properties are the National Forest, although the actual WMA is not part of the National Forest. Hardware WMA is not a working ranch, it is a WMA set aside primarily for big game animals such as elk, moose and deer but it is also home to many other species. Habitat and wildlife management along with education are the primary focus of management at HWWMA. The elk that visit Hardware WMA are wild elk, they come and go as they please, and are not fenced, farmed or ranched. Cattle and sheep are allowed to graze on the WMA through a competitive contracting process. These animals are limited to certain areas of the WMA and certain time frames to best assist in the habitat management of the WMA. The state of Utah purchased the ranch in 1946 from the Ernst Lorentz Petersen family estate, who immigrated from Denmark in the 1860s Box Elder Hardware Company, using money from the Wildlife Restoration Act. The original size of the ranch was , but acquisitions by the state enlarged it to about . During the first year only 120 Rocky Mountain Elk were fed over the winter, but in 2008 that number is between 500 and 600. References External links Ranches in Utah Buildings and structures in Cache County, Utah Tourist attractions in Cache County, Utah Wasatch-Cache National Forest Protected areas established in 1946
Desktop virtualization is a software technology that separates the desktop environment and associated application software from the physical client device that is used to access it. Desktop virtualization can be used in conjunction with application virtualization and user profile management systems, now termed user virtualization, to provide a comprehensive desktop environment management system. In this mode, all the components of the desktop are virtualized, which allows for a highly flexible and much more secure desktop delivery model. In addition, this approach supports a more complete desktop disaster recovery strategy as all components are essentially saved in the data center and backed up through traditional redundant maintenance systems. If a user's device or hardware is lost, the restore is straightforward and simple, because the components will be present at login from another device. In addition, because no data are saved to the user's device, if that device is lost, there is much less chance that any critical data can be retrieved and compromised. System architectures Desktop virtualization implementations are classified based on whether the virtual desktop runs remotely or locally, on whether the access is required to be constant or is designed to be intermittent, and on whether or not the virtual desktop persists between sessions. Typically, software products that deliver desktop virtualization solutions can combine local and remote implementations into a single product to provide the most appropriate support specific to requirements. The degrees of independent functionality of the client device is necessarily interdependent with the server location and access strategy. And virtualization is not strictly required for remote control to exist. Virtualization is employed to present independent instances to multiple users and requires a strategic segmentation of the host server and presentation at some layer of the host's architecture. The enabling layer—usually application software—is called a hypervisor. Remote desktop virtualization Remote desktop virtualization implementations operate in a client/server computing environment. Application execution takes place on a remote operating system which communicates with the local client device over a network using a remote display protocol through which the user interacts with applications. All applications and data used remain on the remote system with only display, keyboard, and mouse information communicated with the local client device, which may be a conventional PC/laptop, a thin client device, a tablet, or even a smartphone. A common implementation of this approach involves hosting multiple desktop operating system instances on a server hardware platform running a hypervisor. Its latest iteration is generally referred to as Virtual Desktop Infrastructure, or "VDI" (note that "VDI" is often used incorrectly to refer to any desktop virtualization implementation). Remote desktop virtualization is frequently used in the following scenarios: in distributed environments with high availability requirements and where desk-side technical support is not readily available, such as branch office and retail environments. in environments where high network latency degrades the performance of conventional client/server applications in environments where remote access and data security requirements create conflicting requirements that can be addressed by retaining all (application) data within the data center – with only display, keyboard, and mouse information communicated with the remote client. It is also used as a means of providing access to Windows applications on non-Windows endpoints (including tablets, smartphones, and non-Windows-based desktop PCs and laptops). Remote desktop virtualization can also provide a means of resource sharing, to distribute low-cost desktop computing services in environments where providing every user with a dedicated desktop PC is either too expensive or otherwise unnecessary. For IT administrators, this means a more centralized, efficient client environment that is easier to maintain and able to respond more quickly to the changing needs of the user and business. Presentation virtualization Remote desktop software allows a user to access applications and data on a remote computer over a network using a remote-display protocol. A VDI service provides individual desktop operating system instances (e.g., Windows XP, 7, 8.1, 10, etc.) for each user, whereas remote desktop sessions run in a single shared-server operating system. Both session collections and virtual machines support full desktop based sessions and remote application deployment. The use of a single shared-server operating system instead of individual desktop operating system instances consumes significantly fewer resources than the same number of VDI sessions. At the same time, VDI licensing is both more expensive and less flexible than equivalent remote desktop licenses. Together, these factors can combine to make remote desktop-based remote desktop virtualization more attractive than VDI. VDI implementations allow for delivering personalized workspace back to a user, which retains all the user's customizations. There are several methods to accomplish this. Application virtualization Application virtualization improves delivery and compatibility of applications by encapsulating them from the underlying operating system on which they are executed. A fully virtualized application is not installed on hardware in the traditional sense. Instead, a hypervisor layer intercepts the application, which at runtime acts as if it is interfacing with the original operating system and all the resources managed by it when in reality it is not. User virtualization User virtualization separates all of the software aspects that define a user’s personality on a device from the operating system and applications to be managed independently and applied to a desktop as needed without the need for scripting, group policies, or use of roaming profiles. The term "user virtualization" sounds misleading; this technology is not limited to virtual desktops. User virtualization can be used regardless of platform – physical, virtual, cloud, etc. The major desktop virtualization platform vendors, Citrix, Microsoft and VMware, all offer a form of basic user virtualization in their platforms. Layering Desktop layering is a method of desktop virtualization that divides a disk image into logical parts to be managed individually. For example, if all members of a user group use the same OS, then the core OS only needs to be backed up once for the entire environment who share this layer. Layering can be applied to local physical disk images, client-based virtual machines, or host-based desktops. Windows operating systems are not designed for layering, therefore each vendor must engineer their own proprietary solution. Desktop as a service Remote desktop virtualization can also be provided via cloud computing similar to that provided using a software as a service model. This approach is usually referred to as cloud-hosted virtual desktops. Cloud-hosted virtual desktops are divided into two technologies: Managed VDI, which is based on VDI technology provided as an outsourced managed service, and Desktop as a service (DaaS), which provides a higher level of automation and real multi-tenancy, reducing the cost of the technology. The DaaS provider typically takes full responsibility for hosting and maintaining the computer, storage, and access infrastructure, as well as applications and application software licenses needed to provide the desktop service in return for a fixed monthly fee. Cloud-hosted virtual desktops can be implemented using both VDI and Remote Desktop Services-based systems and can be provided through the public cloud, private cloud infrastructure, and hybrid cloud platforms. Private cloud implementations are commonly referred to as "managed VDI". Public cloud offerings tend to be based on desktop-as-a-service technology. Local desktop virtualization Local desktop virtualization implementations run the desktop environment on the client device using hardware virtualization or emulation. For hardware virtualization, depending on the implementation both Type I and Type II hypervisors may be used. Local desktop virtualization is well suited for environments where continuous network connectivity cannot be assumed and where application resource requirements can be better met by using local system resources. However, local desktop virtualization implementations do not always allow applications developed for one system architecture to run on another. For example, it is possible to use local desktop virtualization to run Windows 7 on top of OS X on an Intel-based Apple Mac, using a hypervisor, as both use the same x86 architecture. See also Virtual machine References Further reading Paul Venezia (April 13, 2011) Virtualization shoot-out: Citrix, Microsoft, Red Hat, and VMware. The leading server virtualization contenders tackle InfoWorld's ultimate virtualization challenge, InfoWorld Keith Schultz (December 14, 2011) VDI shoot-out: Citrix XenDesktop vs. VMware View. Citrix XenDesktop 5.5 and VMware View 5 vie for the most flexible, scalable, and complete virtual desktop infrastructure, InfoWorld Keith Schultz (December 14, 2011) VDI shoot-out: HDX vs. PCoIP. The differences between the Citrix and VMware remote desktop protocols are more than skin deep, InfoWorld Centralized computing Remote desktop Thin clients
The High School Football National Championship is a national championship honor awarded to the best high school football team(s) in the United States of America based on rankings from prep experts and analysts in the media, such as USA Today, and algorithmic rankings. There have also been some efforts over the years at organizing a single-game playoff for the national championship. Background The oldest of the rating systems, the National Sports News Service, was begun by Arthur H. "Art" Johlfs—who originally started naming champions informally in 1927 as a 21 year old high school coach and official, but did so more formally starting in 1959 after enlarging his network of supporting hobbyists to receive reports from six separate areas of the country. One of those hobbyists was Barrett Conley "Barry" Sollenberger, representing the NSNS' Southwest Sports News Service regional office. Sollenberger was the facilitator of a similar poll for Joe Namath's National Prep Sports magazine in 1976 and 1977, before that publication was discontinued (its Hertz Trophy was awarded each year to Moeller of Cincinnati, which also happened to be both of the top picks of the NSNS). Despite Sollenberger publicly disagreeing with Johlfs' choice for champion in 1978 (siding with St. Paul of Santa Fe Springs, California over Annandale of Virginia), Johlfs apparently still respected the way that Sollenberger actively ran his southwest office—enough so that he turned the NSNS rankings over to him, starting in 1979. The NSNS poll then remained under Sollenberger's management through 1999 (along the way he also retroactively picked back as far as 1910, although at least one source has the NSNS even making a 1904 selection as well). It was then merged away into R. Douglas "Doug" Huff's year-old, competing FAB 50 poll starting in 2000—which in turn continued on through 2014 with Mark J. Tennis apparently retaining the rights to it. An early compilation listing of NSNS champions does not necessarily match a more recent listing. It is not immediately clear if these discrepancies are due to poor record-keeping, or if Sollenberger or Huff adjusted the list of champions over the years as new information came to light—or if they simply just disagreed with Johlfs' picks. Johlfs, for his part, described how he arrived at choosing a champion: he accepted input from Minnesota college and professional coaches, reviewed game statistics, films, and press clippings, and considered the school's enrollment size. Johlfs said that his picks initially tended to be midwestern schools but shifted southward, because southern schools tended to play more games and were also allowed to compete in postseason playoffs. He was also known to keep a champion as the top-ranked team indefinitely in subsequent seasons' rankings as long as another team had not beaten them yet; this ended up allowing multiple teams to repeat as champions, drawing some criticism to Johlfs. Sollenberger, on the other hand, primarily determined champions by attending prominent games in person, while also consulting college football coaching staffs. He further acknowledged factoring in teams' past histories and their success in the larger population centers of the day when considering teams for his poll—usually including three teams from California and two teams each from Illinois, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Texas in his rankings. Notably, Florida had a relatively sizable number of repeat champions in Johlfs' rating system but saw a significant drop in its number of champions under Sollenberger. As for Huff, he too had his own unique way of determining champions: "I try to put credibility in the listings by making them consistent with local and state rankings. I try to look for dominant teams in an area who have a good track record." Informal intersectional games deemed as "national championship games" by the two participating schools were also, on occasion, sometimes played. Sometimes a dominant team in one state would defeat a dominant team in a neighboring state after the regular season and then would self-claim the national championship. However, sometimes such a game could not be scheduled, like in 1936 after Washington of Massillon, Ohio, refused to withhold its black players in a proposed game with segregated Central of Knoxville, Tennessee. Central subsequently proclaimed itself national champion that year. On December 31, 1938, duPont Manual of Louisville, Kentucky, and New Britain of Connecticut played in an actual national championship game at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana with a formal, third-party sponsor, the Louisiana Sports Association–and, by extension, the Sugar Bowl Committee, which held a series of sporting events leading up to the Sugar Bowl game itself. Manual won, 28–20. The following year, on December 30, the game featured Pine Bluff of Arkansas, which defeated Baton Rouge by a score of 26–0. This series of games proved difficult to organize, due to some states' prohibition of postseason play; Pine Bluff, for example, had to receive a special waiver from its state's high school sports association to participate in the game (even some schools that were eligible for postseason games like Massillon Washington were unable to play in the contest, since their association only allowed postseason games through the month of November). Also in 1939, the National Sports Council, chaired by columnist Grantland Rice, staged a national championship game Christmas night in the Miami Orange Bowl, won by Garfield of New Jersey, 16-13, over Miami of Florida; unlike the LSA Game, it featured two undefeated and untied teams from different sections of the country. After World War II the National Federation of State High School Associations also began discouraging intersectional postseason games. Team and coaching superlatives Concord, California De La Salle won 12 total national championships from 1994 to 2015, including 6 in a row from 1998 to 2003. The first 10 of De La Salle's titles were coached by Bob Ladouceur, including all of those acquired during the 6-year streak. Todd Dodge (Southlake, Texas Carroll from 2004 to 2006 and Austin, Texas Westlake in 2020) is the only head coach to lead 2 different schools to national championships. Tony Sanchez (Las Vegas, Nevada Bishop Gorman in 2014) and Kenny Sanchez (Bishop Gorman in 2015 and 2016) are the only brothers to lead a school to a national championship. At 63 years, McKinley (Canton, Ohio) holds the record for longest span between first title (1934) and most recent (1997). Bruce Rollinson of Mater Dei High School (Santa Ana, California) holds the largest span for a coach with 27 years between first title (1994) and most recent (2021) with 4 additional outright or shared titles during that span (1996, 2017, 2018, 2020). Selectors Current Selectors Historical Selectors Bold type indicates current selectorsNotes: *—it is not immediately clear if these games were only scheduled between the two competing teams and base their authority on general acclamation, or if any or all of these games had an independent third party formally sponsor it to increase legitimacy; **—National Sports News Service rankings were merged into the Fox FAB 50 rankings, beginning in 2000; †—USA High School Football rankings were split into public and private school divisions, beginning in 2013; ‡—American Football Monthly rankings were split into public and private school divisions, beginning in 2005 National champions by year Composite Note: all information between 1904 and 2000 is derived from the National High School Football Record Book (2001), unless otherwise specified; *—listings from an earlier source do not necessarily match listings from a more recent source—it is not immediately clear if this was due to poor record-keeping or if past champions were later reevaluated by the National Sports News Service and revised accordingly. Most Selectors No definitive ranking service exists to declare a universal national champion for high school football. Since 2000, five teams have received a consensus 100% of selectors: Las Vegas (NV) Bishop Gorman (2016), Santa Ana (CA) Mater Dei (2017, 2021) and Bellflower (CA) St. John Bosco (2019, 2022). Since 1982, four schools have received the most selectors in consecutive seasons: Concord (CA) De La Salle (2000–2003), Santa Ana (CA) Mater Dei (2017–2018), Southlake (TX) Carroll (2004–2006) and Hampton (VA) (1996–1997). By Current Selector National championships by school Composite Years selected for overall national championships are denoted by boldfaced type below; years selected for specialty national championships that were reserved for specific kinds of schools (such as for private, public, medium or small-sized schools only) are in regular type. It is theoretically possible that some early national championship games held when segregation was legal may have restricted qualifying schools to all-white rosters, but in the absence of incriminating documentation, all championship games are currently assumed to have been open to all teams and are therefore listed below in boldface. Most Selectors See also USA Today All-USA high school football team (including Super 25 teams in U.S. and Top 10 teams in East, South, Midwest, and West regions) All-American Bowl (high school football) References https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:NSNS_1978_HS_Football_Ranking.jpg High school football trophies and awards in the United States
Saeed Naqvi is senior Indian journalist, television commentator, interviewer. He has interviewed world leaders and personalities in India and abroad, which appear in newspapers, magazines and on national television, remained editor of the World Report, a syndication service on foreign affairs, and has written for several publication, both global and Indian, including the BBC News, The Sunday Observer, The Sunday Times, The Guardian, Washington Post, The Indian Express, The Citizen and Outlook magazine. At the Indian Express, he started in 1977 as a Special Correspondent and eventually becoming, editor, Indian Express, Madras, (1979–1984), and Foreign Editor, The Indian Express, Delhi in 1984, and continues to writes columns and features for the paper. Career Saeed Naqvi started his journalist career as Staff Reporter with The Statesman, Delhi in 1964, later he became editor of the Sunday Magazine. During this period, in spring of '68, when The Beatles visited India, he along with fellow photographer, Raghu Rai filed new reports and photographs for newspapers. As editor and producer, of WORLD REPORT, a weekly foreign affairs show on Doordarshan (the national network) called Worldview India, apart from a prime time international news and features series entitled It's A Small World (1997–1999) for Star TV. From 1986–1997 WORLD REPORT produced an international affairs series entitled World Report for Doordarshan, featuring interviews with major world leaders. Thereafter it produced a series of programmes entitled Hamara Bharat (Our India) on India's syncretic culture. Saeed has been Editor, Foreign Editor, Foreign Correspondent for major Indian dailies – The Indian Express, The Statesman and written for a range of publications like New York Times, The Sunday Times, The Guardian, Washington Post, Boston Globe and others. During his long career, Saeed Naqvi has interviewed world famous leaders and politicians including Nelson Mandela, Fidel Castro, Muammar Gaddafi, Henry Kissinger, Benazir Bhutto, Mohammad Najibullah, Hamid Karzai, Shimon Peres and more. Personal life Saeed Naqvi is born and brought up in Mustafabad, Lucknow. He studied at La Martinière College, Lucknow. Naqvi married to Aruna Naqvi and has three daughters, journalist Saba Naqvi and writer Farah Naqvi and Zeba Akhtar. His mother is Atia Naqvi while his brother is Shanney Naqvi. Books Reflections of an Indian Muslim (1993) The Last Brahmin Prime Minister (1996) Being the Other: The Muslim in India (2016) Watan mein ghair وطن میں غیر : Hindustani Musalmaan (2018) – Urdu translation of Strangers in their own country: The Muslims in India The Muslim Vanishes (2022) Awards National Integration Award 2003, awarded by the National Commission for Minorities in New Delhi on 18 December. The award was conferred "for his outstanding contribution towards promoting communal harmony and national integrity". References External links Personal website Saeed Naqvi, columns at The Indian Express Saeed Naqvi, columns at Outlook Saeed Naqvi at NewsX La Martinière College, Lucknow alumni Indian male television journalists Indian Shia Muslims Kirori Mal College alumni Indian columnists Writers from Lucknow Indian television talk show hosts Indian newspaper editors Living people 20th-century Indian journalists Journalists from Uttar Pradesh 1940 births
pexec is a command-line utility for Linux and other Unix-like operating systems which allows the user to execute shell commands in parallel. The specified code can be executed either locally or on remote hosts, in which case ssh is used to build a secure tunnel between them. Similar to shell loops, a variable is changed as the loop starting the tasks iterates, so that many values can get passed to the specified command or script. pexec is a free software utility, and part of the GNU Project. It is available under the terms of GPLv3, and is part of the current Debian stable release. Usage The most common usage is to replace the shell loop, for example: for x in alpha bravo charlie delta ; do do_something $x done to the form of: pexec -r alpha bravo charlie delta -e x -o - -c \ 'do_something $x' where the set with the 4 elements of "alpha" "bravo" "charlie" and "delta" define the possible values for the (environmental) variable $x. The program pexec features also automatic redirection of standard input, output and error from/to regular files; taking the input set from a file instead of command line argument; the capability for re-formatting the output and error streams; support for mutual exclusions and atomic command executions inside the shell loop (in order to, e.g. avoid unexpectedly high I/O load); using alternative remote shells instead of ssh. using supervisor daemons to balance between the resources of concurrent pexec instances. Such optional features can be requested using command-line arguments. By default, pexec tries to detect the number of CPUs and uses all of them. See also GNU parallel xargs References External links Manual page of pexec Project page GNU Project software Linux process- and task-management-related software
BootX may refer to: BootX (Apple), the default Apple bootloader. BootX (Linux), the free Linux bootloader for Macintosh computers.
PALcode (Privileged Architecture Library code) is the name used by DEC in the Alpha instruction set architecture (ISA) for a set of functions in the System Reference Manual (SRM) or AlphaBIOS firmware, providing a hardware abstraction layer for system software, covering features such as cache management, translation lookaside buffer (TLB) miss handling, interrupt handling, and exception handling. It evolved from a feature of the DEC PRISM architecture named Epicode. PALcode is Alpha machine code, running in a special mode that also allows access to internal registers specific to the particular Alpha processor implementation. Thus, it is somewhere between the role of microcode and of a hardware emulator. PALcode is operating system-specific, so different versions of PALcode are required by OpenVMS, Tru64 UNIX, and Windows NT. Tru64 UNIX PALcode is also used by NetBSD, FreeBSD, OpenBSD and Linux. References External links Hewlett Packard OpenVMS FAQ (archived on May 11, 2011) DEC hardware Firmware
A lagometer is a display of network latency on an Internet connection and of rendering by the client. Lagometers are commonly found in computer games or IRC where timing plays a large role. Quake and derived games commonly have them. Advanced lagometer consists of two lines bottom and top. The bottom line advances one pixel per each snapshot received from server (by default they are being sent at 20 snapshots per second rate), while the top one advances one pixel per each frame that is rendered by client. Thus, if the machine framerate was 20 per second, both lines top and bottom would run at the same speed. Bottom bars correspond to delay before sending a snapshot by a server and receiving it by a client (so called "ping"). The shorter the bar, the smaller the ping was. Red bars mean that the frame has not arrived on time, yellow ones - that the snapshot was suppressed to stay under the rate limit. Top bars can be drawn in blue or in yellow. While server snapshots are usually received at lower rate as the client framerate, the software interpolates position and movements until it gets an update from a server, when it adjusts own state accordingly. The height of upper bars is proportional to the interpolated time between snapshots received (so as long as they come regularly, it stays below the "zero line" and is drawn in blue), or - if snapshots stop to arrive on time - is extrapolated after the last snapshot expected (then bars cross the "zero line" and are drawn in yellow). If those bars stay yellow for too long, client is forced to interpolate its frames beyond the "reasonable level" and finally, when the snapshot arrives, the prediction turns out to hardly correspond to the server-side version, which results in a jerky, non continuous movement of scenery (obviously lowering the quality of gameplay). Some games that use a "lagometer" will simply remove a player from the game if their lag is too high. In the game Minecraft, the lagometer is displayed on the debug screen, as a line graph that will go up when lag spikes. Use the following console commands for the following games: {| class="wikitable" border="1" |- ! Game ! Console Key ! Command To Turn On ! Command To Turn Off ! Notes |- | Call of Duty | Tilde (~) | cg_lagometer 1 | cg_lagometer 0 | Use 'seta % #' prior the command to make the command permanently. |- | Call of Duty: United Offensive | Tilde (~) | cg_lagometer 1 | cg_lagometer 0 | Use 'seta % #' prior the command to make the command permanently. |- | Call of Duty 2 | Tilde (~) | /cg_drawLagometer "1" | /cg_drawLagometer "0" | Use 'seta % #' prior the command to make the command permanently. |- | Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare | Tilde (~) | /cg_drawLagometer "1" | /cg_drawLagometer "0" | Use 'seta % #' prior the command to make the command permanently. |- | Call of Duty: World at War | Tilde (~) | /cg_drawLagometer "1" | /cg_drawLagometer "0" | Use 'seta % #' prior the command to make the command permanently. |- | Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 | N/A | /drawLagometer "1" | /drawLagometer "0" | In game console is not available. Use config file (config_mp.cfg) to change default values. Use 'seta % #' prior the command to make the command permanently. |- | Call of Duty: Black Ops | Tilde (~) | /drawLagometer "1" | /drawLagometer "0" | Use 'seta % #' prior the command to make the command permanently. |- | Quake III Arena | Tilde (~) | /cg_lagometer 1 | /cg_lagometer 0 |- | Quake Live | Tilde (~) | /cg_lagometer 1 | /cg_lagometer 0 | cg_lagometer 2 to display the client ping estimation too |- | Tremulous | Tilde (~) | /seta cg_lagometer 1 | /seta cg_lagometer 0 |- | Star Trek: Elite Force II | Tilde (~) | cg_lagometer 1 | cg_lagometer 0 |- | Star Wars: Jedi Knight | Tilde (~) | /cg_lagometer 1 | /cg_lagometer 0 |- | Source engine games | Tilde (~) | net_graph 1 | net_graph 0 | net_graph 2 or net_graph 3 for increased detail |- | Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory | Tilde (~) | /cg_lagometer 1 | /cg_lagometer 0 |- | Medal of Honor: Spearhead | Tilde (~) | cg_lagometer 1 | cg_lagometer 0 |- | Return To Castle Wolfenstein | Tilde (~) | /cg_lagometer 1 | /cg_lagometer 0 |- | Minecraft | N/A | F3 | F3 |In game console is not available. The lagometer can be visible either by pressing Shift + F3, which toggles visibility, or through the use of mods such as OptiFine. |- | Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance (Forever) | N/A | F11 | F11 | |- |Roblox |N/A |Shift+F5 |Shift+F5 | Game terminology
Computer Applications is one of several academic events sanctioned by the University Interscholastic League Computer Applications is designed to test students' abilities to use word processing, spreadsheet, and database applications software, including integration of applications. It is not the same as the Computer Science contest, which tests programming abilities. Computer Applications began during the 1994-95 scholastic year, replacing the Keyboarding contest previously held by UIL. Eligibility Students in Grade 9 through Grade 12 are eligible to enter this event. Each school may send up to three students.[] Computer Applications is an individual contest only; there is no team competition in this event. Rules and Scoring The test consists of two parts. The first part is a five-minute tie-breaker question, which as its name suggests is only used in the event of a tie on the main test. No intermediate time signal is given during the tie-breaker; at the end of the five minutes the students must immediately stop typing, at which point they are instructed to print out their answer. The second part is the main test. It consists of two questions, which must be completed in 30 minutes. A three-minute preview period is allotted before the test begins. Intermediate time signals are given when 10 minutes and two minutes remain. At the end of 30 minutes the students must immediately stop processing; if they have initiated the print command prior to the end of the test they are allowed to finish printing. The time periods stated above do not include time for setting up and removing computer equipment. Any commercially-available laptop or notebook computer can be used during the contest, along with printer, external keyboard/keypad, and mouse. However, only the Microsoft Office applications software package can be used. Scoring will vary from test to test; the answer key for the questions will be accompanied by a score sheet indicating the value of each item to be scored. Determining the Winner The top three individuals will advance to the next round. The tiebreaker is the score of the five-minute tiebreaker question. In the event a tie remains, all remaining individuals will advance. For district meet academic championship and district meet sweepstakes awards, points are awarded to the school as follows: Individual places: 1st—15, 2nd—12, 3rd—10, 4th—8, 5th—6, and 6th—4. There is no cap on the number of points a school can earn in Computer Applications. List of prior winners NOTE: For privacy reasons, only the winning school is shown. NOTE: UIL reclassification happened in 2015, adding the 6A classification. NOTE: Due to the COVID-19 Pandemic, the 2020 state contest was cancelled. References Official UIL Rules for Computer Applications--High School NOTE: This file contains rules for other competitions; Section 926 covers Computer Applications. University Interscholastic League
A write buffer is a type of data buffer that can be used to hold data being written from the cache to main memory or to the next cache in the memory hierarchy to improve performance and reduce latency. It is used in certain CPU cache architectures like Intel's x86 and AMD64. In multi-core systems, write buffers destroy sequential consistency. Some software disciplines, like C11's data-race-freedom, are sufficient to regain a sequentially consistent view of memory. A variation of write-through caching is called buffered write-through. Use of a write buffer in this manner frees the cache to service read requests while the write is taking place. It is especially useful for very slow main memory in that subsequent reads are able to proceed without waiting for long main memory latency. When the write buffer is full (i.e. all buffer entries are occupied), subsequent writes still have to wait until slots are freed. Subsequent reads could be served from the write buffer. To further mitigate this stall, one optimization called write buffer merge may be implemented. Write buffer merge combines writes that have consecutive destination addresses into one buffer entry. Otherwise, they would occupy separate entries which increases the chance of pipeline stall. A victim buffer is a type of write buffer that stores dirty evicted lines in write-back caches so that they get written back to main memory. Besides reducing pipeline stall by not waiting for dirty lines to write back as a simple write buffer does, a victim buffer may also serve as a temporary backup storage when subsequent cache accesses exhibit locality, requesting those recently evicted lines, which are still in the victim buffer. The store buffer was invented by IBM during Project ACS between 1964 and 1968, but it was first implemented in commercial products in the 1990s. Notes References Computer memory
FUDI (Fast Universal Digital Interface) is a networking protocol used by the Pure Data patching language invented by Miller Puckette. It is a string based protocol in which messages are separated by semicolons. Messages are made up of tokens separated by whitespaces, and numerical tokens are represented as strings. Format FUDI is a packet oriented protocol. Each message consists of one or more atoms, separated by one or more whitespace characters, and it's terminated by a semicolon character. An atom is a sequence of one or more characters; whitespaces inside atoms can be escaped by the backslash (ascii 92) character (see Examples below). A whitespace is either a space (ascii 32), a tab (ascii 9) or a newline (ascii 10). A semicolon (ascii 59) is mandatory to terminate (and send) a message. A newline is just treated as whitespace and not needed for message termination. Implementations pdsend / pdreceive Those command-line tools are distributed with the software Pure Data. They are meant to be used with their counterparts, the classes [netsend] / [netreceive] of Pd. [netsend] / [netreceive] Those classes can be used to transport Pd-messages over a TCP or UDP socket. Both are part of Pd-vanilla. [netserver] / [netclient] Those are part of maxlib and allow bidirectional connections of multiple clients with one server. Example messages test/blah 123.45314; my-slider 12; hello this is a message; this message continues in the following line; you; can; send; multiple messages; in a line; this\ is\ one\ whole\ atom; this_atom_contains_a\ newline_character_in_it; References External links https://archive.today/20100704034430/http://wiki.puredata.info/en/FUDI Network protocols
Elephants Dream (code-named Project Orange during production and originally titled Machina) is a 2006 Dutch computer-animated science fiction fantasy experimental short film produced by Blender Foundation using, almost exclusively, free and open-source software. The film is English-language and includes subtitles in over 30 languages. Plot An old man, Proog (voiced by Tygo Gernandt), guides the young Emo (voiced by Cas Jansen) through a giant surreal machine, in which the rooms have no clear transition to each other. After Proog saves Emo from flying plugs in a room consisting of a gigantic telephone switchboard, they run through a dark room filled with electrical cables and flee from a flock of bird-like robots. In the next room, Emo is tempted to answer a ringing phone, but Proog stops him and reveals a trap. The room is also occupied by a robot resembling a self-operating typewriter, which Emo appears to laugh at. The next room is a large abyss from which metal supports appear from below; Proog nimbly dances across the abyss on the supports, while Emo casually walks along and does not seem to notice the stilts supporting him. Proog explains to Emo that the machine is like clockwork and could destroy them both if one wrong move is made. The two enter an elevator that is catapulted through a series of apertures by a pair of mechanical slats. Proog instructs Emo to close his eyes as they ascend to an empty dark void. Proog asks Emo what he sees, and is pleased by Emo's reply that he sees nothing as they plunge rapidly into the next room. A projector creates an image of a door from which music emanates. Emo asks to go through the door, but Proog insists that it is unsafe, and presses a button within his cane to enclose them both in a smaller room. Proog asks Emo why he fails to recognize the beauty and perfection of the machine, to which Emo responds that the machine does not exist. Frustrated, Proog slaps Emo across the face, pushing the startled Emo to walk away. Emo mockingly imitates Proog's earlier tour to demonstrate the machine's absurdity and manifests the twisted versions of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon (in the form of mechanical roots) and the Colossus of Rhodes (in the form of gigantic hands), which threaten to destroy Proog's constructed world. Proog knocks Emo unconscious with his cane and causes his creations to disappear, Proog desperately asserts to Emo that the machine exists. Production In May 2005, Ton Roosendaal announced the project. The primary piece of software used to create the film was Blender; other programs used in production include DrQueue, Inkscape, Seashore, Twisted, Verse, CinePaint, GIMP, OpenEXR, Reaktor, Subversion, Python, Ubuntu, GNOME, and KDE. All of the software, except Reaktor, was free and open-source. The project was jointly funded by the Blender Foundation and the Netherlands Media Art Institute. The Foundation raised much of the funding for the project by selling pre-orders of the DVD. Production began in September 2005, under the code-name Orange by a team of seven artists and animators from around the world. It was later named Machina, and then finally renamed to Elephants Dream in reference to a Dutch tradition whereby parents might abruptly end children's bedtime stories with the introduction of a sneezing elephant. The primary purpose of the project was to field test, develop and showcase the capabilities of Blender, demonstrating what can be done with the software in organizing and producing quality content for films. During the film's development, several new features (such as an integrated node-based compositor, hair and fur rendering, rewritten animation system and render pipeline, and many workflow tweaks and upgrades) were added to Blender specifically for the project. The bulk of computer processing power for rendering the film was donated by the BSU Xseed, a 2.1 TFLOPS Apple Xserve G5-based supercomputing cluster at Bowie State University. It reportedly took 125 days to render, consuming up to 2.8GB of memory for each frame. Elephants Dream was released on March 24, 2006. The film itself, along with the other Blender Foundation “open movies,” was released under the Creative Commons Attribution License, so that viewers may learn from it and use it as long as proper attribution is given. Bassam Kurdali, the director, explained the plot of the film:"The story is very simple—I'm not sure you can call it a complete story even—It is about how people create ideas/stories/fictions/social realities and communicate them or impose them on others. Thus Proog has created (in his head) the concept of a special place/machine, that he tries to "show" to Emo. When Emo doesn't accept his story, Proog becomes desperate and hits him. It's a parable of human relationships really—You can substitute many ideas (money, religion, social institutions, property) instead of Proog's machine—the story doesn't say that creating ideas is bad, just hints that it is better to share ideas than force them on others. There are lots of little clues/hints about this in the movie—many little things have a meaning—but we're not very "tight" with it, because we are hoping people will have their own ideas about the story, and make a new version of the movie. In this way (and others) we tie the story of the movie with the "open movie" idea." Accolades Elephants Dream received the award for "Best Short Film" at the first European 3D Film Festival in 2010. In 2008, Elephants Dream was included in the Museum of Modern Art's (MoMA's) Design and the Elastic Mind exhibit. Release On May 18, 2006, the film was released for as a direct download and via BitTorrent on the Official Orange Project website, along with all of the production files. DVD Everyone who pre-ordered the DVD before a certain time could have their name listed in the film's credits. The DVD set includes the NTSC and PAL versions on separate discs, a computer file of an HD version, and all the production files. Stereoscopic release In 2010, four years after the original release, the film was entirely re-rendered in stereoscopic 3D by Wolfgang Draxinger. The project was announced to the public in mid-September on BlenderNation, and premiered at the 2010 Blender Conference. The stereoscopic version was rendered in Digital Cinema Package (DCP) 2K flat resolution, with a slightly wider aspect format which required adjustment of the camera lens parameter in every shot. Many scenes in the original production files used flat 2D matte paintings which were integrated into the rendered images during the compositing phase. For the 3D production each matte painting had to be manipulated or entirely recreated into versions for each eye. Draxinger implemented a number of stereoscopic features in Blender to aid in the stereoscopic production process. However, these features were never merged into official versions of the Blender software. References External links 2006 computer-animated films 2006 films 2006 short films 2000s animated short films Articles containing video clips Blender Foundation Computer-animated short films Creative Commons-licensed films Dutch animated films Dutch short films Open content short films 2000s English-language films Films released on YouTube Hanging Gardens of Babylon Colossus of Rhodes
LuraTech is a software company, owned since 2015 by Foxit Software, with offices in Remscheid, Berlin, London, and in the United States, which makes products for handling and conversion of digital documents. Its customers are primarily organizations involved in long-term document archiving and scan service providers. It is a member of the PDF Association. LuraTech was founded as a part of a joint project with the Technical University of Berlin intended to bring wavelet compression techniques to digital still images. LuraTech developed a segmentation technology to deal with scanned documents containing mixed raster content (MRC), resulting in the creation of LuraDocument LDF, a proprietary document format for the compression of scanned documents. Since then, LuraTech has developed several software development kits (SDKs) and computer applications for creating and handling PDF documents. LuraTech has also taken part in the development of the JPEG 2000 standard. In 2002 LuraTech created the PDF Compressor, applying the concepts of MRC layered document compression to PDF standards, especially PDF/A. This was the first workflow solution that LuraTech built on top of its software development kits. In 2010 LuraTech launched DocYard, a software platform to create and centrally manage general document and data conversion processes. At the 2013 CeBIT conference, LuraTech announced the release of its ZUGFeRD Extraction SDK, a toolkit for ERP and online banking software developers, which facilitates processing of PDF invoices standardized under the Central User Guidelines for Electronic Billing in Germany (ZUGFeRD). In 2015 LuraTech released LuraTech PDF Scanner iOS, a freely-available iPhone/iPad app for convenient creating and editing of highly compressed PDF documents. In October 2015 LuraTech was acquired by Foxit Software. References External links Interview with the CEO of LuraTech in December 2004 LuraTech White Paper JPEG2000 - The Emerging Standard for the Millennium Overview : Next Generation Image Compression Software Software companies of Germany
The McArthur Forest Fire Danger Index (FFDI) was developed in the 1960s by CSIRO scientist A. G. McArthur to measure the degree of danger of fire in Australian forests. The index combines a record of dryness, based on rainfall and evaporation, with meteorological variables for wind speed, temperature and humidity. A similar approach was adopted by McArthur for grassland areas. Luke and McArthur details the early development and use of these indices. In 1980 Noble et al. produced algorithms based on mathematical equations of best fit. These algorithms have been used since the early 1980s to enable easy computation. However they are often used with input values outside McArthur's intended design, resulting in FFDI values in excess of 100. The power function nature of the algorithm, together with limits of precision in measuring the input variables, may result in a large range of uncertainty in the calculated FFDI. For example, in conditions that produce an FFDI of 100, small fluctuations in wind speed and temperature would suggest a ± 20% range in FFDI. McArthur tested his meter using low-intensity fires on Black Mountain, near Canberra (see Luke and McArthur) with the most extreme conditions being when FFDI was in the 20s range. McArthur specified a wind averaging period of "more than 5 minutes". A 10-minute period is the most common period used in Australian wind speed measurements and calculated FFDI values using different wind averaging periods cannot be compared. Since wind speed varies considerably over small distances, "observed" FFDI values will vary even more. A fire danger index of between 12 and 25 on the index is generally considered a "high" degree of danger, while a day having a danger index of over 50 is considered a "severe" fire danger rating. Above this level in 2010 a distinction was made between forest and grassland fuels. For forest fuels, an FDI over 75 is categorised as "extreme" and over 100 as "catastrophic" (Victoria does not use the term "Catastrophic" but uses other factors on the worst fire days to declare a "Code Red" period ). For grassland fuels the threshold FDI values for the Extreme and Catastrophic ratings were increased to 100 and 150 respectively. Fire danger ratings are determined by the responsible fire agency in each jurisdiction, based on weather information provided by the Bureau of Meteorology and fuel information. Other considerations besides the Fire Danger Index, such as the likelihood of lightning ignitions and the severity of wind changes may also be considered by the agencies in determining a fire danger rating. McArthur used the conditions of the Black Friday fires of 1939 as his example of a 100 index. The FFDI on Black Saturday, 7 February 2009, reached much higher than the maximum value of 100. At such extremes it is meaningless to specify a particular value of FFDI. After the Black Saturday bushfires, the McArthur Forest Fire Danger Index was revised. The category "Catastrophic" was added to help identify those situations where fires will spread so quickly that they present a critical threat to life and safety. References Bushfires in Australia Wildfires
Aegis: Guardian of the Fleet is a video game for MS-DOS compatible operating systems published in 1994 by Time Warner Interactive. Gameplay It simulates command of a US Navy Ticonderoga class cruiser using the Aegis combat system, a US Navy radar and computer system which operates intelligence and missile guidance functions. It was developed by Microplay Software, and published by Time Warner Interactive. Players are given the ability to operate this ship in real-time, either from the bridge, or by viewing ship operations on radar, via the Tactical Plot System. Players can also command several ships at once. Players can play single mission games, or play a full campaign. The game depicts missions in the Middle East against a variety of targets, and with several different mission objectives. Reception Computer Gaming World in July 1994 rated AEGIS: Guardian of the Flet 3.5 stars out of five. While criticizing the documentation and bugs, the magazine approved of the more than 100 missions, and predicted that like Falcon 3.0 consumers would upgrade computers to play it. References External links Game review at ibiblio.org Issue 120, page 88, Computer Gaming World Magazine, July 1994. 1994 video games DOS games DOS-only games Naval video games Ship simulation games Multiplayer and single-player video games Video games developed in the United States
Kahler may refer to: Places Kahler, Luxembourg, a small town in the commune of Garnich Kahler Asten, a German mountain range Other uses Kahler (surname) Kahler's disease, a cancer otherwise known as multiple myeloma Kahler Tremolo System, a type of bridge hardware for electric guitars Kahler v. Kansas, a 2019 United States Supreme Court case See also Kähler (disambiguation)
The Lakson Group () is a Pakistani conglomerate company which is based in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It was founded in 1954 and is owned by the Lakhani family. The conglomerate is based in Karachi and currently chaired by Iqbal Ali Lakhani. The company is diversified and has interests in agri-business, call centers, consumer non-durables, fast food, financial services, media, paper and board, printing and packaging, surgical instruments, technology (data-networking, BPO, and software) and travel. Lakson Group of Companies Technology Cybernet, internet, and data communication network service provider StormFiber, Internet, and television service provider Sybrid (Private) Limited, business process outsourcing Lakson Business Solutions Limited, IT provider Ice Animations, VFX, and animation Media Express News, Urdu-language TV news channel Express 24/7, English- 24-hours TV news channel (now closed down) Express Entertainment, Urdu-language Entertainment channel The Daily Express, No. 2 Urdu daily in Pakistan The Express Tribune, English-language newspaper Century Publications, incorporated in 1998, publishes Urdu and Sindhi daily newspapers Express and Daily Sindh Express Tribune 24/7, English- 24-hours TV news channel Financial Services NayaPay, digital wallet and payment system. Century Insurance Company Limited, general insurance business Lakson Investments Limited, Pakistan's largest independent asset manager Paper & Board Century Paper and Board Mills Limited, producer of packaging boards in Pakistan Merit Packaging Limited, printing and packaging company Lakson Group joint-ventures Lakson Group has alliances with the following major international companies: Colgate-Palmolive Pakistan, manufacture and sale of detergents, personal care, and other related products in Pakistan McDonald's Pakistan, 53 restaurants in major cities of Pakistan Ajinomoto Lakson Pakistan (Private) Limited, produces seasonings, cooking oils, TV dinners, sweeteners, amino acids, and pharmaceuticals Princeton Travels (Private) Limited, an IATA accredited travel agency and an active member of International travel forums like ASTA, PATA, UFTAA & TAAP Fly Jinnah, a joint venture between Lakson Group and Air Arabia. It adopts the low cost model similar to that of Air Arabia. See also List of companies of Pakistan References External links Conglomerate companies of Pakistan Companies based in Karachi Conglomerate companies established in 1954 Pakistani companies established in 1954 Mass media companies established in 1954
The Commodore A1060 Sidecar is an expansion hardware device developed by Commodore and released in 1986 for the Amiga 1000 computer. It features a complete PC XT-clone system mounted in an expansion case which connected to the expansion bus on the right side of the Amiga 1000 computer, sitting beside it similar to a motorcycle's sidecar, hence the name. The PC side of the Sidecar was built around an Intel 8088 processor. All I/O procedures from the PC side are performed by the Amiga. Software was included to allow data to be exchanged easily between the PC and the Amiga side of the system. The Sidecar was available with an internal hard disk which was accessible from both the MS-DOS and AmigaOS environments. This was the first hard drive produced by Commodore for the Amiga. Video display and user input were performed through the Amiga's monitor, keyboard, and mouse. This allowed the user to control both computers simultaneously. Characteristics The Amiga Sidecar was a complete IBM PC XT system, with the exception of I/O devices and operations (which are handled by the Amiga). Specifications include: Processor: Intel 8088 clocked at 4.77 MHz RAM: 256 kB (expandable to 512 kB + 80 kB Dual Bus Memory) Graphics Emulation: Dependent on Amiga settings. (can use real 8-bit ISA graphics cards) Sound Emulation: Dependent on Amiga settings. (can use real 8-bit ISA sound cards) One internal 5.25" drive bay (normally fitted with a 360K 5.25" floppy drive) 3 x 8-bit ISA slots (for using real PC cards) Amiga 1000 Expansion Bus connector (for Amiga connectivity) Additional slot for an 8087 numeric coprocessor History Early in its life, the Amiga was strong in entertainment and graphics software but lacked general productivity software such as word processors, spreadsheets and database software. These are the areas where the de facto business standard IBM PC excelled. Commodore's intent was to let the Amiga take advantage of PC compatibility to shore up its weakness in this category of software. Bruce F. Webster wrote in the October 1985 issue of BYTE, after seeing the Amiga for the first time: Webster, in September 1986, noted the Sidecar's announcement as fulfilling his prediction. Jerry Pournelle that month named the Sidecar his "number one pick of Spring COMDEX, stating that "it was eerie to watch Flight Simulator running as if on a PC and still see the famous Amiga bouncing ball in the background and a word-processing program running in the foreground". The Sidecar was developed by Commodore Germany, as was all of the Commodore PC-architecture based development. It was relatively expensive and it required a non-trivial amount of desktop space compared to the Amiga 1000 by itself. The device was also taller than the Amiga 1000, which made it seem even more aesthetically disconnected from the main system. Besides the high price and the aesthetic issues, other factors contributed to the Sidecar's lack of adoption. The Amiga 2000 provided internal expansion slots, allowing the optional Bridgeboard card to replace the functionality of the Sidecar without needing a bulky external chassis. The popular Amiga 500 could not be used with the Sidecar at all, due to the expansion slot on the A500 residing on the left side of the chassis, as opposed to the right side on the A1000. Also, decent business and productivity software began to be released for AmigaOS, reducing the need to run MS-DOS applications on the Amiga. This concept was continued in the later Amiga 2000 unit, containing four ISA slots intended for PC emulation expandability. Two slots were in-line with the Amiga Zorro II bus to allow installation of a Bridge board which, like the Sidecar, provided the core chipset of a PC on an expansion card, connected to both the Amiga and PC bus. See also MacCharlie References External links The big book of Amiga Hardware Amiga Compatibility cards Computer-related introductions in 1986
Ivan Stojmenović (1957 – 3 November 2014) was a Serbian-Canadian mathematician and computer scientist well known for his contributions to communications networks and algorithms. He has published over 300 articles in his field and edited four handbooks in the area of wireless sensor networks. Biography He studied mathematics, earning a B.Sc. (1979) and M.Sc. at the University of Novi Sad, and a Ph.D. (1985) at the University of Zagreb, where he continued as assistant professor (1985–87). He held the chair in Applied Computing in the School of Engineering at the University of Birmingham in the UK 2007/8. After visiting appointments at Washington State University and University of Miami he joined the faculty at University of Ottawa (1988) where he was a professor. He was also editor-in-chief of IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems. Books Wireless Sensor and Actuator Networks: Algorithms and Protocols for Scalable Coordination and Data Communication (Wiley, 2010). Handbook of Applied Algorithms: Solving Scientific, Engineering and Practical Problems (Wiley, 2008). Handbook of Sensor Networks: Algorithms and Architectures (Wiley, 2005). Bundled with Crossbow Technology sensorkits. Mobile Ad Hoc Networking (Wiley, 2004). Handbook of Wireless Networks and Mobile Computing (Wiley, 2002) Awards and honors In 2008 he was named an IEEE Fellow "for contributions to data communication algorithms and protocols for wireless sensor and ad hoc networks". Death in car accident Stojmenović died on 3 November 2014 after he lost control of his car and slammed into an overpass on Highway 416. References Serbian mathematicians Canadian computer scientists University of Novi Sad alumni Faculty of Science, University of Zagreb alumni Fellow Members of the IEEE 1957 births 2014 deaths Academic staff of the University of Ottawa Academics of the University of Birmingham
The Yamaneko Group of Comet Observers (YGCO) is a famous group of astronomical observers based in Japan. Founded by K. Ichikawa in 1980, the members have obtained approximately 12,300 astronomic and 6,300 photometric observations. This group maintains the YGCO Chiyoda Station, also based in Japan. Members Akimasa Nakamura See also List of astronomical societies References Astronomy organizations
The RIGblaster Nomic is a radio/computer interface device used by amateur radio operators to connect their analog radio transceiver to their computer's analog sound inputs and outputs. When used in conjunction with appropriate software, it allows the operator to transmit and receive using many digital modes, including packet, PSK31, and RTTY. Its name is a contraction of the words "no mic", from "no microphone", because when the nomic is connected in its most common configuration, it takes the place of the radio's external microphone, speaker, and push to talk (PTT) switch. This makes it easy to use with over 2000 different radios due to its universal design. Other RIGblaster models, the plus and the pro have automatic switching between the computer and the radio's microphone. Although the RIGblaster Nomic is a particular product of the West Mountain Radio corporation, the term "Nomic" is somewhat genericized and is sometimes used to refer to home-built devices which serve the same function, although they are more generally called "sound card to radio interfaces". The Rigblaster Nomic can be used with the Amateur Radio VOIP system Echolink, as well as with Packet, APRS and most other modes of amateur radio operation. External links West Mountain Radio's page on the RIGblaster series, including the RIGblaster Nomic Electrical and audio specifications of the RIGblaster Nomic General information on Soundcard-Radio interfaces, with construction information Rigblaster Nomic Reviews in Eham Amateur radio
Climax Studios is a British video game developer based in Portsmouth that is best known for their work on the 2004 action role-playing game Sudeki and the 2007 and 2009 survival horror video games Silent Hill: Origins and Silent Hill: Shattered Memories from the Silent Hill franchise. History Climax was founded by Karl Jeffery on 3 February 1988. It was originally known as Images Software Ltd., and its initial focus was on developing and porting games for the generation of home computers, consoles and handhelds. In October 1998, Climax announced the establishment of Climax PC Studio, a sub-studio focused on personal computer game development and located in an office next to Climax's headquarters. Another such studio, Climax Game Boy World, was launched during E3 1999 and focused on the development for the Game Boy family of handheld game devices. Pixel Planet, a Brighton-based studio founded in September 1999 by Tony Beckwith and Greg Michael, entered into a partnership with Climax in November 1999 that saw Pixel Planet become part of the Climax group, being renamed Climax Brighton. This was followed up by Nottingham-based Anthill Studios, which was acquired in June 2000 and renamed "Climax Nottingham". The studio, under the continued leadership of founder Paul Carruthers, was put in charge of the game Warhammer Online, based on Games Workshop's Warhammer franchise. By this point, the main studios in the Climax group's Fareham headquarters had been consolidated under "Climax Fareham". The Climax Brighton studio moved to Hove in August 2000. When the studio Charybdis saw large redundancies in staff in April 2001, Climax announced its intent to hire 20 of its former staff at the Nottingham studio. Climax also acquired Syrox Developments of Kingston-upon-Thames in June 2001. In July 2001, Geoff Heath was named Climax's chairman. The flagship Climax Fareham studio moved to Portsmouth, into offices in the Gunwharf Quays centre, in July 2002, being renamed "Climax Solent". The administrative portion of the Climax group remained in Fareham. A fifth studio based in Venice, California was opened in October 2003. In November 2004, Climax consolidated its London and Solent studios under the name "Climax Action" and rebranded the Brighton and Nottingham studios as "Climax Racing" and "Climax Online", respectively. In 2006 Konami announced that Climax Action was working on the next entry in the popular Silent Hill franchise of horror games after the original team behind the series, Konami's internal development team Team Silent, had been disbanded. It was titled Silent Hill: Origins and exclusively announced for the PlayStation Portable. In October 2007 the game was released to positive reviews. In 2008 a PlayStation 2 version of the game followed. Climax's Kingston studio was closed in February 2008, leaving the Portsmouth headquarters as the only remaining studio. In 2009 it was announced that Climax was working on another Silent Hill game for Nintendo's Wii console titled Shattered Memories. The game was announced as a remake of the original Silent Hill game, although the term "re-imagining" was used to emphasise that it was going to provide a completely new experience. Later versions for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable were also announced. In recent years Climax has developed and published a number of VR titles, including Lola and The Giant (which was featured at Google's I/O'17 event), Bandit Six, Gun Sight, DCL: The Game and Dirt Rally 2.0 which was co-developed with Codemasters. In 2007, following a rumor that had been going around the industry about a possible sale of the company, Jeffrey confirmed that he had owned 100% of the studio's shares, denying any of the rumors about an acquisition. The studio would then later be acquired by Keywords Studios in April 2021 for . Former development subsidiaries Climax PC Studio - Established Oct 1998. Climax Game Boy World - Established July 1999. Climax Racing (Climax Brighton) - Formerly Pixel Planet; partnership entered into September 1999. Sold to Buena Vista Games in September 2006 and later renamed to Black Rock Studio. Climax Online (Climax Nottingham) - Formerly Anthill Studios; acquired June 2000. Climax Kingston - Formerly Syrox Developments; acquired June 2001. Closed in February 2008. Climax Action (Climax Fareham and Climax London) - Consolidated November 2004. Games developed References External links 1988 establishments in England 2021 mergers and acquisitions British companies established in 1988 British subsidiaries of foreign companies Companies based in Portsmouth Keywords Studios Video game companies established in 1988 Video game companies of the United Kingdom Video game development companies
The term voice changer (also known as voice enhancer) refers to a device which can change the tone or pitch of or add distortion to the user's voice, or a combination and vary greatly in price and sophistication. A kazoo or a didgeridoo can be used as a makeshift voice changer, though it can be difficult to understand what the person is trying to say. Hardware implementations The earliest voice changers were electronic devices usually used over the telephone for the purpose of disguise. There are low-priced, small lithium battery-powered voice changers that are used between a phone's mouthpiece and the user's mouth. More sophisticated voice changers have different levels of various distortion effects variable by faders. Software implementations Nowadays, software implementations are very common. There is a plethora of techniques that modify the voice by using different algorithms. Most algorithms modify the voice by changing the amplitude, pitch and tone of the voice. The pitch plays an important role from changing a male voice into female voice, and vice versa. The results of voice changing through software are quite impressive and satisfactory. "Voice cloning" software can mimic the sound of a specific person's voice based on recordings of that voice. Appearances in media Voice changers can be seen in various movies, including Scream, Saw, Super Troopers, Steel and a Talkboy voice changer was used in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York. Current affairs television shows and documentaries will sometimes employ the use of voice changers to disguise the voice of someone who wants to remain anonymous. In the anime/manga series Death Note, the mysterious detective named "L" uses voice distortion. It distorts his voice, making him sound like a robot. Conan Edogawa, the main protagonist of the anime/manga series Detective Conan uses a bowtie-shaped voice changer. By turning a dial on its back, he is able to imitate all kinds of voices that he hears. In the tutorial mission of the video game, Saints Row: The Third, Johnny Gat, Shaundi, Nyte Blade, and The Protagonist all use voice changers during a bank robbery. Jason Hudson uses one in Call of Duty: Black Ops when interrogating Alex Mason. Clara Lille uses a voice distorter when talking with Aiden Pearce on her phone in the video game Watch Dogs until they meet face-to-face. Some superheroes use voice changers, either to disguise themselves or intimidate their opponents: In the live-action TV series Arrow, Oliver Queen, when communicating under disguise as "the Arrow", uses a voice changer. In the film Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, Bruce Wayne uses it to disguise his voice and to inflict fear into criminals. In the film Spider-Man: Homecoming, a voice changer is activated when Spider-Man turns on his Tech Suit's interrogation mode, making him speak in a deep, frightening voice to a potential suspect. In the animated TV series Star Wars Rebels, the Rebel Alliance's Fulcrum agents use voice changers to disguise their identities. A Coca-Cola commercial starring Mindy Kaling also features a person who has a disguised voice and appearance to remain anonymous. In Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, Mike Toreno uses voice changers when calling CJ. In the Spanish heist TV series Money Heist the leader of the robbers, the Professor, frequently uses a voice changer to talk to the police. In the Rugrats episode "Angelica Orders Out", Angelica uses Stu's voice changer, which makes her sound like her mother, to call a deli to order dessert and to call all of the kids' parents to go to her fake surprise party. References Sound technology
In geometry, a centroidal Voronoi tessellation (CVT) is a special type of Voronoi tessellation in which the generating point of each Voronoi cell is also its centroid (center of mass). It can be viewed as an optimal partition corresponding to an optimal distribution of generators. A number of algorithms can be used to generate centroidal Voronoi tessellations, including Lloyd's algorithm for K-means clustering or Quasi-Newton methods like BFGS. Proofs Gersho's conjecture, proven for one and two dimensions, says that "asymptotically speaking, all cells of the optimal CVT, while forming a tessellation, are congruent to a basic cell which depends on the dimension." In two dimensions, the basic cell for the optimal CVT is a regular hexagon as it is proven to be the most dense packing of circles in 2D Euclidean space. Its three dimensional equivalent is the rhombic dodecahedral honeycomb, derived from the most dense packing of spheres in 3D Euclidean space. Applications Centroidal Voronoi tessellations are useful in data compression, optimal quadrature, optimal quantization, clustering, and optimal mesh generation. A weighted centroidal Voronoi diagrams is a CVT in which each centroid is weighted according to a certain function. For example, a grayscale image can be used as a density function to weight the points of a CVT, as a way to create digital stippling. Occurrence in nature Many patterns seen in nature are closely approximated by a centroidal Voronoi tessellation. Examples of this include the Giant's Causeway, the cells of the cornea, and the breeding pits of the male tilapia. References Discrete geometry Geometric algorithms Diagrams
Air Vice-Marshal Richard Ernest Saul, (16 April 1891 – 30 November 1965) was a pilot during the First World War and a senior Royal Air Force commander during the Second World War. Earlier years Saul was born in Dublin, Ireland, in 1891. He was a bank official with the Royal Bank of Ireland before joining the Army. At the start of the First World War he was a second lieutenant in the Royal Army Service Corps but by 1916 he was a Flying Officer (Observer) with No. 16 Squadron of the Royal Flying Corps. During the war he rose to command No. 4 Squadron and after the armistice he commanded No. 7 Squadron and then No. 12 Squadron. In 1925 he was given command of No. 2 Squadron. A keen sportsman Saul played rugby and hockey for the RAF; in both 1928 and 1932 he was the RAF tennis champion. In September 1933 Saul was appointed the Officer Commanding No. 203 Squadron operating from Basra in Iraq and in 1935 Saul led a flight of flying boats, from his squadron, on a long-distance journey from Plymouth to Basra. Second World War and beyond During the Second World War Saul was Air Officer Commanding No. 13 Group from 1939, Air Officer Commanding No. 12 Group from 1940 and then Air Officer Commanding Air Defences Eastern Mediterranean from 1943. Saul retired from the RAF on 29 June 1944 and then served as the Chairman of the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration's mission in the Balkans. He next acted as the vice-chairman of the International Transport Commission in Rome. After Saul left Rome in 1951, he took up employment as the manager of the University of Toronto bookshop until finally retiring in 1959. Richard Saul died on 30 November 1965 after being hit by a car two days earlier. Notes References Century of Flight – Air Vice Marshal Richard Ernest Saul D.F.C. The Kenton Bar Bunker – Air Vice Marshal Richard Saul Valka.cz – Air Vice Marshal Richard Saul |- |- |- |- |- |- 1891 births 1965 deaths British World War I fighter pilots Royal Flying Corps officers British Army personnel of World War I Royal Air Force personnel of World War I Royal Air Force air marshals of World War II Battle of Britain Aviators from Dublin (city) Irish people of World War I Irish people of World War II Royal Army Service Corps officers British officials of the United Nations Companions of the Order of the Bath Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom) Knights of the Order of the Crown (Belgium) Recipients of the Croix de guerre (Belgium) British male tennis players Military personnel from Dublin (city) Irish officers of the Royal Flying Corps Irish officers of the Royal Air Force
The Ultra Port Architecture (UPA) bus was developed by Sun Microsystems as a high-speed graphics card to CPU interconnect, beginning with the Ultra 1 workstation in 1995. See also List of device bandwidths External links UPA Bus Whitepaper Computer buses Sun Microsystems hardware
PowerVM Lx86 was a binary translation layer for IBM's System p servers. It enabled 32-bit x86 Linux binaries to run unmodified on the Power ISA-based hardware. IBM used this feature to migrate x86 Linux servers to the PowerVM virtualized environment; it was supported on all POWER5 and POWER6 hardware as well as BladeCenter JS21 and JS22 systems. In contrast to regular emulators only the instructions are translated, not the entire system, thus making it fast and flexible. The Lx86 software senses that it is executing x86 code and translates it to PowerPC code at execution, and these instructions are later cached ensuring that the translation process only has to take place once, further reducing the drop in performance usually associated with emulation. Lx86 does not support applications that access hardware directly, like kernel modules. Earlier versions of Lx86 did not run code that makes use of SSE instructions, though as of version 1.3.2 the SSE and SSE2 instruction sets were supported. The product was at first marketed as System p AVE (System p Application Virtual Environment) and was incorrectly reported as PAVE (Portable Advanced Virtualization Emulator) in the press but the name has since changed to PowerVM Lx86. Lx86 was based on the QuickTransit dynamic translator from Transitive, the same that Apple uses for its Rosetta emulation layer that enables Mac OS X to run unmodified PowerPC binaries on their Intel-based Macintoshes. All versions and releases of the Lx86 product were withdrawn from marketing in September 2011, with support discontinued in April 2013. References PowerVM Lx86 for x86 Linux applications Red Book – Getting started with PowerVM Lx86 White paper – x86 Linux application consolidation on Power Systems platforms using IBM virtualization technologies PowerVM Lx86 on IBM's developerWorks IBM's press release 2007-04-23 X86 applications on IBM's PowerPC servers - Heise online IBM Opens Up Beta for PAVE Linux Runtime on Power Chips, The Four Hundred IBM US Withdrawal Announcement 911-170 Virtualization software X86 emulators IBM software
Middleware for games is a piece of software that is integrated into a game engine to handle some specialized aspect of it, such as physics, graphics or networking. Notable Autodesk Gameware - from Autodesk, includes Scaleform GFx, Kynapse, Beast and HumanIK Nvidia GameWorks - visual FX, physics, particle and fluid simulations Simplygon - automated 3D content optimization for a variety of assets as vegetation, buildings, scene views... SpeedTree - vegetation programming and modelling software products xaitment - customizable and modular game AI software for navigation mesh generation, pathfinding, character behavioral modeling and more AI: Pathfinding, collisions AiLive - a suite of game AI middleware Kythera AI - Complete AI Toolset Middleware Mercuna - 3D navigation middleware Havok AI - Complete AI Toolset Middleware Full-Motion Video Bink Video - video file format, video compression tools and playback library from RAD Game Tools. CRI-Sofdec - created by CRI Middleware. It is highly used in Dreamcast games. Online Multiplayer DemonWare - created by Activision. Steamworks - used for Valve Corporation's Steam. Physics & Animation Cocos2D - 2D physics engine. Euphoria - 3D human animation engine created by NaturalMotion based on Dynamic Motion Synthesis. FaceFX - realistic facial animation engine created by OC3 Entertainment. Havok - 3D physics engine. Real-Time Rendering trueSKY - real-time sky & weather renderer created by Simul Software. Sound CRI-ADX - created by CRI Middleware. It is highly used in Dreamcast games. FMOD Miles Sound System - audio authoring tools and engine developed by RAD Game Tools. Wwise - audio engine and authoring tools from Audiokinetic. UI Gameface - UI middleware engine developed by Coherent Labs. See also Game engine Middleware Video game development M
Clubic is a French web site, which was owned by M6 Web until March 2018, and is now independent. Created in 2000, this webzine about computing and multimedia offers news, reviews and downloads of software applications, as well as community services. The web site integrates articles written by other web sites edited by Cyréalis such as JeuxVideo.fr, Mobinautes or NetEco. Cyréalis was bought by M6 in 2008. The editorial policy of Clubic is voluntarily geared towards the general public in order to reach a wide audience. According to Alexa, as of 5 April 2009, Clubic is the 1,433 most visited website in the world, and the 79th in France. It has 4.3 million unique visitors each month, with 88 millions of pageviews per month. References External links Official website 2000 establishments in France News magazines published in France French-language magazines French news websites Magazines established in 2000 Online computer magazines Magazines about the media
Gordon Rugg (born 1955) is a British academic, head of the Knowledge Modelling Group at Keele University and a visiting senior research fellow at the Open University, known for his work on the Voynich manuscript. Biography Born in Perth, Scotland, Rugg has a first degree in French and Linguistics and a PhD in psychology, both from Reading University, UK. His background includes working as a timberyard worker, a field archaeologist and an English lecturer. He became the focus of media attention in 2004 for his work on the Voynich manuscript. He is co-author with Marian Petre of two books for students which focus on semi-tacit skills in research. He is head of the Knowledge Modelling Group at Keele University and a visiting senior research fellow at the Open University. Research His main research theme is elicitation methods – techniques for eliciting information from people, for purposes such as market research and requirements gathering for software development. His main work in this field includes the following. A series of co-authored papers on card sorts. A series of co-authored papers on laddering, including one which integrates laddering with graph theory. A paper co-authored with Neil Maiden, describing a framework for choosing the appropriate methods to elicit various types of semi-tacit and tacit knowledge. This work formed one main strand in the Verifier method which he developed with Joanne Hyde. This is a method for critically re-assessing previous research into difficult problems. The initial stage uses a range of elicitation methods to gain an accurate picture of the assumptions and normal working practices used in the previous work. The next stage uses a knowledge of experts’ behaviour and a range of error taxonomies to identify the places where human error is most likely to have occurred. The final stage uses various formalisms to assess whether or not an error actually has occurred. There is no guarantee that this method will catch every error – it is not a method for proving the correctness of a piece of previous work – but it improves the chances of finding key errors. Rugg's other work is multidisciplinary, including theoretical archaeology and teaching methods. Voynich manuscript Rugg used an informal version of the Verifier method to re-assess previous work on the Voynich manuscript, a manuscript widely believed to be a ciphertext based on a code which had resisted decipherment since the manuscript's rediscovery by Wilfrid Voynich in 1912. Previous research had concluded that the manuscript contained linguistic features too complex to be readily explicable as a hoax, and too strange to be explicable as a transliteration of an unidentified language, leaving an uncracked cipher as the only realistic explanation. Rugg suggested that these assessments of complexity were not based on empirical evidence. He examined a range of techniques known in the late sixteenth century, and found that, by using a modified Cardan grille combined with a large table of meaningless syllables, it was possible to produce meaningless text that had qualitative and statistical properties similar to those of "Voynichese". Rugg replicated the drawings from a range of pages in the manuscript, accompanying each with the same quantity of text as found in the original page, and discovered that most pages could be reproduced in one to two hours, as fast as they could be transcribed. This suggested that a meaningless hoax manuscript as long and as apparently linguistically complex as the Voynich manuscript could be produced, complete with coloured illustrations, by a single person in between 250 and 500 hours. However, there is debate about the features of the manuscript which Rugg's suggested method was not able to emulate. The two main features are lines showing different linguistic features from the bulk of the manuscript, such as the Neal keys, and the statistical properties of the text produced. Rugg argues that these linguistic features are trivially easy to hoax using the same approach with a different set of tables, and would add about five minutes to the time to produce each page; the counter-argument is that this makes the hoax too complex to be plausible. Regarding statistics, Rugg points out that text produced from the same set of initial nonsense syllables but using different table structures shows widely different statistical properties. Since there are tens of thousands of permutations of table design, he argues that it would simply be a question of time to find a design which produced the same statistical properties as "Voynichese". Whether or not this would prove anything useful is another issue, since it could either be used to support Rugg's argument, or dismissed as coincidence. Further counterarguments are: There is no historical evidence showing that Cardan grilles were used for this kind of purpose at any time in history The radiocarbon dating, codicology and palaeography all indicate that the manuscript was constructed roughly a century before Cardan grilles were devised The mathematical concept of randomness was not yet fully formed in the time period proposed The debate continues. Selected publications Petre, Marian, and Gordon Rugg. The unwritten rules of PhD research. McGraw-Hill International, 2010. Articles, a selection: Maiden, N. A. M., and Gordon Rugg. "ACRE: selecting methods for requirements acquisition." Software Engineering Journal 11.3 (1996): 183-192. Rugg, Gordon, and Peter McGeorge. "The sorting techniques: a tutorial paper on card sorts, picture sorts and item sorts." Expert Systems 14.2 (1997): 80-93. Rugg, Gordon. "The mystery of the Voynich Manuscript: New analysis of a famously cryptic medieval document suggests that it contains nothing but gibberish." Scientific American 291.1 (2004): 104109. References External links Personal website at Keele University BBC Staffordshire Feature on the Voynich Manuscript Das Geheimnis des mysteriösen Voynich-Codes at Wissenschaft.de What are Neal keys at www.voynich.net 1955 births Living people Writers from Perth, Scotland British scientists Alumni of the University of Reading Academics of Keele University Codicologists
mod_qos is a quality of service (QoS) module for the Apache HTTP server implementing control mechanisms that can provide different priority to different requests. Description A web server can only serve a limited number of concurrent requests. QoS is used to ensure that important resources stay available under high server load. mod_qos is used to reject requests to unimportant resources while granting access to more important applications. It is also possible to disable access restrictions, for example, for requests to very important resources or for very important users. Control mechanisms are available at the following levels: Request level control: mod_qos controls the number of concurrent requests to a name space (URL). It is used to define different priorities to different pages or applications within a web server. Connection level control: mod_qos controls the number of TCP connections to the web server. This helps limit the connections coming from a single client or from unknown networks, in order to reduce the maximum number of concurrent connections to a virtual server or to implement dynamic HTTP keep-alive settings. Bandwidth level control: throttles requests/responses to certain URL on the web server. Generic request line and header filter dropping suspicious request URLs or HTTP headers. The module can be useful when used in a reverse proxy in order to divide up resources to different webserver. Use Cases Slow Application The first use case shows how mod_qos can avoid service outage of a web server due to slow responses of a single application. In case an application (here /ccc) is very slow, requests wait until a timeout occurs. Due to many waiting requests, the web server runs out of free TCP connections and is not able to process other requests to application /aaa or /bbb. mod_qos limits the concurrent requests to an application in order to assure the availability of other resources. HTTP keep-alive The keep-alive extension to HTTP 1.1 allows persistent TCP connections for multiple request/responses. This accelerates access to the web server due to less and optimised network traffic. The disadvantage of these persistent connections is that server resources are blocked even though no data is exchanged between client and server. mod_qos allows a server to support keep-alive as long as sufficient connections are free, stopping the keep-alive support when a defined connection threshold is reached. Client opens many concurrent connections A single client may open many simultaneous TCP connections in order to download different content from the web server. While the client gets many connections other users may not be able to access the server since no free connections remain for them. mod_qos can limit the number of concurrent connections for a single IP source address. Many requests to a single URL If you have to limit the number of requests to a URL, mod_qos can help with that too. mod_qos limits the maximum number of requests per second to this URL. The module may also control bandwidth. Simply specify the maximum allowed bandwidth and moq_qos starts throttling when it becomes necessary. Mitigating low-bandwidth denial of service attacks mod_qos may help to protect an Apache web server against low-bandwidth DoS attacks by enforcing a minimum upload/download throughput a client must generate. History The initial release of mod_qos was created in May 2007 and published on SourceForge.net as an open source software project. It was able to limit the number of concurrent HTTP requests for specified resources (path portion of request URLs) on the web server. More features were added and some of them were useful to protect Apache servers against DoS attacks. In 2012, mod_qos was included to the Ubuntu Linux distribution. Major releases: May 2007, Version 1: Limits concurrent requests on a per URL path basis. July 2007, Version 2.2: Introduction of support utilities. August 2007, Version 3: Introduces connection level controls as well as a status viewer. September 2007, Version 4: Request/response throttling and generic request filtering. December 2007, Version 5: Limiting by user defined events. March 2008, Version 6: Per client (IP) control mechanisms. May 2008, Version 7: Enforces minimum upload/download throughput a client must generate. September 2009, Version 9: Anomaly detection using client characteristic measurement. February 2012, Version 10: Adds geolocation features (ISO 3166 country codes). May 2014, Version 11: Highly improves response throttling (bytes/sec limitation). July 2015, Version 11.15: Serialization not only on a per server but also on a per client (IP) level. May 2016, Version 11.28: Supports differentiated services by controlling the DSCP IP field. References External links QoS Free web server software Network performance Articles with underscores in the title
Presentation–abstraction–control (PAC) is a software architectural pattern. It is an interaction-oriented software architecture, and is somewhat similar to model–view–controller (MVC) in that it separates an interactive system into three types of components responsible for specific aspects of the application's functionality. The abstraction component retrieves and processes the data, the presentation component formats the visual and audio presentation of data, and the control component handles things such as the flow of control and communication between the other two components. In contrast to MVC, PAC is used as a hierarchical structure of agents, each consisting of a triad of presentation, abstraction and control parts. The agents (or triads) communicate with each other only through the control part of each triad. It also differs from MVC in that within each triad, it completely insulates the presentation (view in MVC) and the abstraction (model in MVC). This provides the option to separately multithread the model and view which can give the user experience of very short program start times, as the user interface (presentation) can be shown before the abstraction has fully initialized. History PAC was initially developed by French computer scientist, Joëlle Coutaz in 1987. Coutaz founded the User Interface group at the Laboratoire de Génie Informatique of IMAG. See also Action Domain Responder Hierarchical model–view–controller Model–view–presenter Model–view–viewmodel Presenter First PAC-Amodeus Notes References External links Architectural outline for the game Warcraft as it might be implemented using the PAC Architectural Pattern: Programming of the application PACcraft:Architecture (in French) Pattern:Presentation-Abstraction-Control (pattern description) PAC description in the Portland Pattern Repository WengoPhone is a free software VoIP application that is written using the PAC design pattern. description of PAC and motivation for use in WengoPhone. demonstration code, courtesy of the OpenWengo community. Software architecture Software design patterns Programming paradigms Human–computer interaction User interfaces
Kazemian is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: Javad Kazemian (born 1981), Iranian footballer Sam Kazemian (born 1993), Iranian-American software programmer and co-founder and president of Everipedia
Michael Murphey is the third album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey and his first for Epic Records, released in 1974. Track listing "Nobody's Gonna Tell Me How to Play My Music" (Murphey) – 4:19 "Healing Springs" (Murphey) – 5:24 "Rye by-the-Sea" (Murphey) – 3:10 "You Can Only Say So Much" (Murphey) – 3:24 "Observer" (Murphey) – 5:06 "Holy Roller" (Murphey) – 3:59 "Good Ol' Natural Habits" (Craig Hillis) – 3:17 "Fort Worth I Love You" (Murphey) – 1:47 "Ace in the Hole" (Murphey/Hillis) – 3:02 "Southwestern Pilgrimage" (Murphey) – 3:43 Personnel Music Michael Martin Murphey – vocals, guitar, harmonica, piano, organ, concertina Herb Steiner – fiddle, mandolin, steel guitar Buddy Spicher – fiddle Craig Hillis – guitar Bill Farmer – piano Bob Holmes – organ Tommy Cogbill – bass Kenneth A. Buttrey – drums, percussion John Hill – drums Patricia Henderson – background vocals Pat Henderson – vocals Clydie King – vocals, background vocals Pat Powdrill – vocals, background vocals Andy Johnston – vocals, background vocals Merry Clayton – vocals, background vocals Production Bob Johnston – producer Ben Tallent – engineer References External links Michael Martin Murphey's Official Website 1973 albums Michael Martin Murphey albums Albums produced by Bob Johnston Epic Records albums
Sanjeev Ganesh Naik (born 15 April 1972) is an Indian politician who became the first mayor of the satellite city of Navi Mumbai at the age of 23. He was the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) Member of the 15th Lok Sabha from Thane (Lok Sabha constituency) in Maharashtra state, elected in the 2009 Indian general election, and is the son of former guardian minister for Thane and NCP member Ganesh Naik. Education Naik's educational background has been a matter of some mystery and considerable controversy. According to an affidavit submitted to the Election Commission at the time of the 2014 Lok Sabha Election, he has a 12th pass from the Maharashtra board in Pune, received in 1995. According to his official website as of 2009, Naik has a Diploma in Dairy Development and Management, and an Advanced Diploma in Computer Hardware and Networks. During his 2009 campaign, the title "Dr." was used by Naik in his campaign literature. This referred to a degree awarded by a group in the United States called the "International Tamil University", a private distance-learning organisation which is not accredited to award degrees in the US, but which claims affiliation with established universities in India. During the election, Naik's campaign referred to him as the recipient of a doctorate (D Litt), but in his affidavit to the Election Commission of India, he declared that he had only studied up to the Higher Secondary (School) Certificate (HSC), a school qualification which is below university level. Naik himself claimed to have received the degree for "social commitment", and not as an educational qualification. In April 2009, a petition was filed in Bombay High Court to prevent him from using the title "Dr" in his campaign material. Political career Naik was first elected mayor of Navi Mumbai in May 1995 at the age of 23, then again in 2000. In 2003, he was elected mayor for the third time. During his time in office, Naik help lead the establishment of the Navi Mumbai Municipal Transport initiative and initiated the funding of the Morbe dam project. During his third term as mayor, the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation was awarded First Prize in the first Sant Gadge Baba Cleanliness Drive, a state-level corporation contest. Naik contested from the Thane Lok Sabha Constituency in the 2008 by-election, but was defeated by the Shiv Sena party candidate Anand Paranjape by 90,872 votes. Naik won the MP seat for Thane constituency in the 2009 Lok Sabha Election. References External links http://www.sanjeevgnaik.com/ Living people 1972 births India MPs 2009–2014 People from Thane Marathi politicians Nationalist Congress Party politicians from Maharashtra Mayors of places in Maharashtra Maharashtra municipal councillors People from Navi Mumbai People who fabricated academic degrees Lok Sabha members from Maharashtra United Progressive Alliance candidates in the 2014 Indian general election Politicians from Thane Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Maharashtra
mklivecd is a script for Linux distributions that allows for one to compile a "snapshot" of the current hard drive partition and all data which resides in it (all settings, applications, documents, bookmarks, etc.) and compress it into an ISO 9660 CD-image. This allows easy backup of a user's data and also makes it easy to create customized Linux-distribution. Some Linux-distributions like PCLinuxOS include a graphical frontend for easier script usage. Used by AmaroK Live CD Dreamlinux Mandriva Linux Ruby on Rails Live CD Unity Linux Live CD See also Live CD Software remastering Remastersys, a similar tool (for Debian/Ubuntu) List of remastering software External links mklivecd source code mklivecd project page (obsolete) Backup software for Linux
OpenSL ES (Open Sound Library for Embedded Systems) is a royalty-free, cross-platform, hardware-accelerated, C-language audio API for 2D and 3D audio. It provides access to features such as 3D positional audio and MIDI playback. It is made for developers in the mobile and gaming industry and is working toward allowing for easy porting of applications across multiple platforms. Overview The OpenSL ES API has five major features: Basic audio playback and recording 3D audio effects including 3D positional audio Music experience enhancing effects including bass boost and environmental reverb Interactive music and ringtones using SP-MIDI, Mobile DLS, Mobile XMF Buffer Queues The features of Audio Playback and Recording and Basic MIDI are common with OpenMAX AL. Design OpenSL ES utilizes an object oriented design to give application developers access to the audio functionality. The object model is shared with OpenMAX AL, and a device manufacturer can choose to implement one or both of the APIs. Together the two APIs give access to a wide range of functionality of the device's multimedia engine. The design goal of OpenSL ES is to give application developers access to advanced audio features such as 3D positional audio and MIDI playback while striving for easy application porting between manufacturers and platforms. It is developed primarily for application developers in the mobile and gaming industry. Profiles To avoid fragmentation, OpenSL ES is divided up into three profiles: Phone Music Game Each profile is designed for the respective device needs with a specific set of audio functionalities. A vendor can choose to be conformant with only one or with any combination of profiles. An application can query the OpenSL ES implementation to find out which profiles are supported. The application developer can then design their application to either work with only the common parts of the profiles, or adapt to the available functionality as given by the profiles in the device it is running on. An application developer can also specify both the minimum and the optimal profile requirements. Development OpenSL ES is managed by the non-profit technology consortium Khronos Group. The current chair of the OpenSL ES working group is Erik Noreke. Specification versions OpenSL ES 1.0 Specification was released 24 March 2009. Minor release 1.0.1 followed 24 September 2009. OpenSL ES 1.1 Specification was released 18 January 2011. Implementations Android 2.3 exposes OpenSL ES 1.0 as part of their NDK. The latency of the implementation has improved in later releases. A full implementation of OpenSL ES 1.1 is available from SRS Labs. See also OpenMAX AL - Application level multimedia API OpenAL - advanced audio API for desktop and mobile Advanced Multimedia Supplements (JSR 234) - Java API for mobile devices References External links OpenSL ES website Khronos Group website Khronos OpenSL ES API Registry containing specifications Application programming interfaces Audio libraries Video game engines
Playchess is a commercial Internet chess server managed by ChessBase devoted to the play and discussion of chess and chess variants. As of February 2011, Playchess has over 31,000 players online, including many internationally titled players who remain pseudo-anonymous and other masters whose identities are known, such as Hikaru Nakamura, Nigel Short and Michael Adams. Software ChessBase provides the proprietary Playchess software, which is included with popular computer chess software like Fritz, Junior or Shredder. With the purchase of any of these playing programs, customers get one-year of access to the server. Alternately, users may download the client software, a pared down version of the Fritz GUI. New users may try the server for a short period of time before access requires a serial number. Guests may always log in for free, but have limited access. The software has functions to try to detect players using the assistance of chess programs (mainly by task switching). This is a competitor to other commercial servers, such as Internet Chess Club (ICC), World Chess Live (WCL) and the non-commercial Free Internet Chess Server (FICS). Playchess uses an internal currency called Ducats which can be used to purchase services (chess courses, lectures and interviews). Ducats can be purchased online with a credit card and with PayPal. The current rate is 1 Ducat = €0.10 (excluding VAT) See also List of Internet chess servers References External links Chess Base Internet chess servers Chess websites
F1 Magazine is a Syrian monthly computer magazine published in Arabic, which launched in April 2006. F1 Magazine is the first tutorials based Magazine in the Middle East. Its policy concentrates on tutorials, using the How to concept. Background of the name Keyboard makers and software companies used a specific keyboard button to refer to the software documentation and help. The key is often F1, hence the name. F1 Magazine used this keyboard button to indicate to its policy, which is "trying to help". F1 Magazine Index In F1 Magazine, readers can find : Programs Internet & Networking Hacking & Security Handheld Devices Programming Multimedia VIPs in Computers Hobbyist Laboratory Concepts & Principles Games (often features the making of games) System maintenance & Technical Support Apple Macintosh F1 Services In its 4th Issue F1 Magazine announced for the first time for F1 TV, the Official Podcast of F1 TV which was the first Arabian Video Podcast that provides Computer Tutorials. Each Episode of F1 TV contains : Technology News Video Games Trailers Computer tips & Tricks In addition to F1 TV, F1 Magazine launched two additional Free Services which are : 1- Arabic Font Office : Free service allows to write your name using different types of Arabic Font. 2- Google Video Downloader : Free service allows to download video files from Google Video in different types : MP4, Flash Video(Flv) and AVI. External links F1 Magazine Official Website F1 Magazine Official Podcast Arabic Font Office F1 Mag Google Video Downloader Review about F1 Magazine (in Arabic) The Pitstop - F1 Memorabilia 2006 establishments in Syria Video game magazines Computer magazines published in Syria Monthly magazines Magazines established in 2006 Science and technology in Syria
Cryptographic primitives are well-established, low-level cryptographic algorithms that are frequently used to build cryptographic protocols for computer security systems. These routines include, but are not limited to, one-way hash functions and encryption functions. Rationale When creating cryptographic systems, designers use cryptographic primitives as their most basic building blocks. Because of this, cryptographic primitives are designed to do one very specific task in a precisely defined and highly reliable fashion. Since cryptographic primitives are used as building blocks, they must be very reliable, i.e. perform according to their specification. For example, if an encryption routine claims to be only breakable with number of computer operations, and it is broken with significantly fewer than operations, then that cryptographic primitive has failed. If a cryptographic primitive is found to fail, almost every protocol that uses it becomes vulnerable. Since creating cryptographic routines is very hard, and testing them to be reliable takes a long time, it is essentially never sensible (nor secure) to design a new cryptographic primitive to suit the needs of a new cryptographic system. The reasons include: The designer might not be competent in the mathematical and practical considerations involved in cryptographic primitives. Designing a new cryptographic primitive is very time-consuming and very error-prone, even for experts in the field. Since algorithms in this field are not only required to be designed well but also need to be tested well by the cryptologist community, even if a cryptographic routine looks good from a design point of view it might still contain errors. Successfully withstanding such scrutiny gives some confidence (in fact, so far, the only confidence) that the algorithm is indeed secure enough to use; security proofs for cryptographic primitives are generally not available. Cryptographic primitives are similar in some ways to programming languages. A computer programmer rarely invents a new programming language while writing a new program; instead, they will use one of the already established programming languages to program in. Cryptographic primitives are one of the building blocks of every crypto system, e.g., TLS, SSL, SSH, etc. Crypto system designers, not being in a position to definitively prove their security, must take the primitives they use as secure. Choosing the best primitive available for use in a protocol usually provides the best available security. However, compositional weaknesses are possible in any crypto system and it is the responsibility of the designer(s) to avoid them. Combining cryptographic primitives Cryptographic primitives are not cryptographic systems, as they are quite limited on their own. For example, a bare encryption algorithm will provide no authentication mechanism, nor any explicit message integrity checking. Only when combined in security protocols can more than one security requirement be addressed. For example, to transmit a message that is not only encoded but also protected from tinkering (i.e. it is confidential and integrity-protected), an encoding routine, such as DES, and a hash-routine such as SHA-1 can be used in combination. If the attacker does not know the encryption key, they can not modify the message such that message digest value(s) would be valid. Combining cryptographic primitives to make a security protocol is itself an entire specialization. Most exploitable errors (i.e., insecurities in crypto systems) are due not to design errors in the primitives (assuming always that they were chosen with care), but to the way they are used, i.e. bad protocol design and buggy or not careful enough implementation. Mathematical analysis of protocols is, at the time of this writing, not mature. There are some basic properties that can be verified with automated methods, such as BAN logic. There are even methods for full verification (e.g. the SPI calculus) but they are extremely cumbersome and cannot be automated. Protocol design is an art requiring deep knowledge and much practice; even then mistakes are common. An illustrative example, for a real system, can be seen on the OpenSSL vulnerability news page here. Commonly used primitives One-way hash function, sometimes also called as one-way compression function—compute a reduced hash value for a message (e.g., SHA-256) Symmetric key cryptography—compute a ciphertext decodable with the same key used to encode (e.g., AES) Public-key cryptography—compute a ciphertext decodable with a different key used to encode (e.g., RSA) Digital signatures—confirm the author of a message Mix network—pool communications from many users to anonymize what came from whom Private information retrieval—get database information without server knowing which item was requested Commitment scheme—allows one to commit to a chosen value while keeping it hidden to others, with the ability to reveal it later Cryptographically secure pseudorandom number generator See also :Category:Cryptographic primitives – a list of cryptographic primitives Cryptographic agility References Levente Buttyán, István Vajda : Kriptográfia és alkalmazásai (Cryptography and its applications), Typotex 2004, Menezes, Alfred J : Handbook of applied cryptography, CRC Press, , October 1996, 816 pages. Crypto101 is an introductory course on cryptography, freely available for programmers of all ages and skill levels.
Besta (Беста) is a Soviet Unix-based graphics workstation. Starting in 1988, more than 1,000 were produced. There were several versions of the computer. Besta-88 has a Motorola 68020 CPU and VME bus. The Bestix operating system is a legally ported version of AT&T UNIX System V Release 3.2. External links «Беста-88», Natalia Dubova (in russian) Linux in Russia (in russian) - contains a citation of M. Moshkov on Besta 68k-based computers Soviet computer systems
The Open Source Observatory and Repository (OSOR) is an online project launched by the European Commission under the IDABC programme, to support the distribution and re-use of software developed by or for public sector administrations across Europe, connecting EU services and Member States. In December 2011, the OSOR.eu and SEMIC.eu communities moved to a new collaborative platform - Joinup. The reason for the migration to Joinup was to provide public administrations in Europe with better communication and collaboration tools, to share experiences with interoperability solutions for public administrations, to increase the number of users and to leverage synergies between the OSOR.eu and SEMIC.eu user communities, while optimising the use of public funding. About the platform The OSOR.eu platform aims to support and encourage the re-use of publicly financed Open Source Software developments (OSS or FLOSS for "Free, Libre & Open Source Software") that are of particular use for public administrations in Europe. OSOR.eu aims to support the collaborative development of OSS applications and solutions, in particular cross-border collaboration and exchange of knowledge or software. Services All of OSOR's services are now available on Joinup.eu: A central pan-European information point on OSS including news, events, case studies and newsletters about on-going initiatives, projects, new applications and developments in European Members States and across the world, as well as advice/guidelines and best practice exchanges concerning the use of OSS. A repository and registry providing visibility to European OSS projects and initiatives in public administrations, allowing users to upload and download, search and retrieve software and documentation. It facilitates mutual access to existing projects through a dedicated taxonomy and therefore creates more opportunities to develop exchanges, re-usability and community building across borders. A collaborative cross-border development environment providing technical, organisational and legal support. It enables collaborative development and sharing/exchange of experience and software by providing facilities for the collaborative creation of content - including a "forge", discussion forums, blogs. Bodies behind the project The OSOR project is financed by the European Union, managed by the European Commission under the Directorate-General for Informatics (DIGIT), and supported by the Member States' national, regional and local administrations. References External links OSOR community on Joinup Interoperability Solutions for European Public Administrations (ISA) Directorate-General for Informatics (DIGIT) Computer law Free software culture and documents Information technology organizations based in Europe Social information processing Works about intellectual property law
Glintt (Global Intelligent Technologies) is a Portuguese IT company formed after the merging of ParaRede and Consiste. After the merger, it became one of the largest Portuguese technological companies. It operates in Europe, Africa and Latin America and holds a strong position on the Banking, Telecommunications, Health, Trade, Industry and Public Administration sectors. External links Official site References Companies based in Lisbon Software companies established in 2008 Software companies of Portugal Portuguese brands Portuguese companies established in 2008
Rocky Mountain Trophy Hunter is a series of hunting games developed or published by Sunstorm Interactive. Games See also Deer Hunter, a deer hunting series of video games also by Sunstorm Interactive. References External links Sunstorm game pages: Rocky Mountain Trophy Hunter, Alaskan Expedition, 2, 3 at Sunstorm Interactive Rocky Mountain Trophy Hunter 3 at SCS Software 1999 video games 2000 video games First-person shooters Video games developed in the Czech Republic Video games developed in the United States Video game franchises Game Boy Color games Hunting video games Classic Mac OS games Video game franchises introduced in 1998 Windows games Windows-only games
Towards The End Of The Morning is a 1967 satirical novel by Michael Frayn about journalists working on a British newspaper during the heyday of Fleet Street. Its protagonists work to compile the miscellaneous, unimportant parts of the newspaper – the "nature notes" column, the religious "thought for the day", the crossword and so on. The paper seems sunk in a state of torpor, and the journalists' work is extremely dull. Feeling their lives and careers are stalled, they spend most of their day complaining about work and dreaming of better things. John Dyson, the lead protagonist, longs to work in television, and is at last given his chance towards the end of the book. However, fate seems determined to thwart him. Towards was Frayn's third book after The Tin Men and The Russian Interpreter, and is based on his experiences at The Observer, where he worked from 1962 to 1968. A central theme of the book is Dyson's struggle against what he sees as encroaching entropy – indeed, the book was published in the United States under the title Against Entropy. References 1967 British novels British satirical novels Novels by Michael Frayn Novels about journalists Novels set in London Harvill Secker books
Mirial is a privately held Italian company providing products for visual communication in video/voice over IP, 3G/UMTS, IMS and Unified messaging areas; it engineers and develops appliances and software endpoints for enterprise-grade videoconferencing on converged networks and for IMS PC-to-3G Video Telephony. On July 20, 2011, Logitech announced acquisition of Mirial. See also Videoconferencing IMS Professional video over IP Voice over IP Video Telephony Press sources The sources cited below are all articles from the Italian press (newspapers or collaterals and magazines). Mirial 4.0 di DyLogic, "La Repubblica - Affari e Finanza", 2004, 21, 24 DyLogic inaugura due divisioni mirate alle Tlc, "Il Corriere delle Telecomunicazioni - Aziende e Finanza", 2004, 328, 22 Il client video Mirial (release 3.0) di DyLogic conquista il listino Vcm di pointercom, "Il Corriere delle Telecomunicazioni - Aziende e Finanza", 2004, 315, 21 Oltre la videoconferenza, il real time è realtà, "Il Mondo", 2004, 1/2, 71 Videocomunicazione - In arrivo il nuovo Mirial, "Il Corriere delle Telecomunicazioni", 2003, 308, 10 FASTWEB lancia gli SMS grazie a DyLogic, "Il Corriere delle Telecomunicazioni - Aziende e Finanza", 2003, 304, 24 VoIP: provider italiani alla riscossa, Week.it, 2003, 25, 14 Telecommunications companies established in 1999 Telecommunications companies of Italy Teleconferencing Videotelephony Logitech Italian companies established in 1999 2011 mergers and acquisitions
Atomistix ToolKit (ATK) is a commercial software for atomic-scale modeling and simulation of nanosystems. The software was originally developed by Atomistix A/S, and was later acquired by QuantumWise following the Atomistix bankruptcy. QuantumWise was then acquired by Synopsys in 2017. Atomistix ToolKit is a further development of TranSIESTA-C, which in turn in based on the technology, models, and algorithms developed in the academic codes TranSIESTA, and McDCal, employing localized basis sets as developed in SIESTA. Features Atomistix ToolKit combines density functional theory with non-equilibrium Green's functions for first principles electronic structure and transport calculations of electrode—nanostructure—electrode systems (two-probe systems) molecules periodic systems (bulk crystals and nanotubes) The key features are Calculation of transport properties of two-probe systems under an applied bias voltage Calculation of energy spectra, wave functions, electron densities, atomic forces, effective potentials etc. Calculation of spin-polarized physical properties Geometry optimization A Python-based NanoLanguage scripting environment See also Atomistix Virtual NanoLab — a graphical user interface NanoLanguage Atomistix Quantum chemistry computer programs Molecular mechanics programs References External links QuantumWise web site Nanotechnology companies Computational science Computational chemistry software Physics software Density functional theory software Computational physics
Workgroup Manager is a computer program bundled as part of OS X Server for directory-based management of users, groups and computers across a network. This is where an admin could add, delete, and modify computer, and user accounts and groups. Computer accounts allow preferences to be set for individual machines. Machines are entered with their MAC address for the interface which they connect. See also Group Policy External links Apple - Support - OS X Lion Server - Client Management Server Admin Tools 10.4.11 Server Admin Tools 10.5.7 Server Admin Tools 10.6.8 Server Admin Tools 10.7.3 Workgroup Manager 10.8 Workgroup Manager 10.9 MacOS Server MacOS-only software made by Apple Inc.
The basic components of the Linux family of operating systems, which are based on the Linux kernel, the GNU C Library, BusyBox or forks thereof like μClinux and uClibc, have been programmed with a certain level of abstraction in mind. Also, there are distinct code paths in the assembly language or C source code which support certain hardware. Therefore, the source code can be successfully compiled onor cross-compiled fora great number of computer architectures. Furthermore, the required free and open-source software has also been developed to interface between Linux and the hardware Linux is to be executed on. For example, compilers are available, e.g. GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) and LLVM/Clang. For cross-compilation a number of complete toolchains are available, like GNU toolchain, OpenWrt Buildroot or OpenEmbedded. The Yocto Project is targeted at embedded use cases. The portability section of the Linux kernel article contains information and references to technical details. Note that further components like a display server, or programs like Blender, can be present or absent. Fundamentally any software has to be ported, i.e. specifically adapted, to any kind of hardware it is supposed to be executed on. The level of abstraction that has been kept in mind while programming that software in the first place dictates the necessary effort. The relevant term is of the porting target is computer architecture; it comprises the instruction set(s) and the microarchitecture(s) of the processor(s), at least of the CPU. The target also comprises the "system design" of the entire system, be it a supercomputer, a desktop computer or some SoC, e.g. in case some unique bus is being used. In former times, the memory controller was part of the chipset on the motherboard and not on the CPU-die. Although the support of a specific instruction set is the task of the compiler, the software must be written with a certain level of abstraction in mind to make this portability possible. Any code written in Assembly language will be specific to the instruction set. The support of a specific microarchitecture includes optimizations for the CPU cache hierarchy, the TLB, etc. Releases DEC Alpha (alpha) Intel (Altera) NIOS II ARM - nios2 Analog Devices Blackfin (supported since 2.6.22 and dropped since 4.17) (blackfin) Andes Technology NDS32 (nd32) (dropped in v5.18.6 kernel) ARM family of instruction sets (32- and 64-bit) (arm and arm64): Acorn Archimedes and RiscPC series (original machines were supported in 2.6.22) Allwinner Apple M series processors Broadcom VideoCore DEC StrongARM Samsung Exynos Marvell (formerly Intel) XScale Sharp Zaurus HiSilicon iPAQ Palm, Inc.'s Tungsten Handheld Gamepark Holdings' GP2X Open Pandora MediaTek Nokia 770 Internet Tablet Nokia N800 Nokia N810 Nokia N900 Nomadik NovaThor (discontinued) gumstix Sony Mylo Qualcomm Snapdragon Nvidia Tegra TI OMAP Psion 5, 5MX, Series 7, netBook Rockchip Some Models of Apple iPods (see iPodLinux) OpenMoko Neo 1973, Neo FreeRunner Freescale's (formerly Motorola's) i.MX multimedia processors Atmel AVR32 (dropped since 4.12) (avr32) C-SKY Elbrus-8S Axis Communications' ETRAX CRIS (dropped since 4.17) Texas Instruments TMS320 family of DSPs from Texas Instruments TMS320C64x (c6x) (dropped in v5.18.6 kernel) Freescale's (formerly Motorola's) 68k architecture (68020, 68030, 68040, 68060) (m68k): Some Amigas: A1200, A2500, A3000, A4000 Apple Macintosh II, LC, Quadra, Centris and early Performa series Some Atari computers (TT and Falcon030) Fujitsu FR-V (dropped since 4.17) (frv) Qualcomm Hexagon (hexagon) Hewlett-Packard's PA-RISC (parisc) H8 architecture from Renesas Technology, formerly Hitachi (h8300) H8/300 H8/500 International Business Machines (IBM) System/390 (31-bit) (s390) z/Architecture (IBM Z and IBM LinuxONE) (64-bit) (s390x) Imagination META (dropped since 4.17) Intel IA-64 Itanium, Itanium II (ia64) x86 architecture (x86): IBM PC compatibles using IA-32 and x86-64 processors: Intel 80386 (dropped since 3.8), 80486, and their AMD, Cyrix, Texas Instruments and IBM variants The entire Pentium series and its Celeron and Xeon variants Intel Core processors AMD 5x86, K5, K6, Athlon (all 32-bit versions), Duron, Sempron x86-64: 64-bit processor architecture, now officially known as AMD64 (AMD) or Intel64 (Intel); supported by the Athlon 64, Opteron and Intel Core 2 processors, among others Cyrix 5x86, 6x86 (M1), 6x86MX and MediaGX (National/AMD Geode) series VIA Technologies Eden (Samuel II), VIA C3, and VIA C7 processors (all 32-bit) and VIA Nano (x86-64) Microsoft's Xbox (Pentium III processor), through the Xbox Linux project SGI Visual Workstation (Pentium II/III processor(s) with SGI chipset) PC-98NX (models from 1997 to 2000) FM Towns Sun Microsystems Sun386i workstation (80386 and 80486) Support for 8086, 8088, 80186, 80188 and 80286 CPUs is under development (the ELKS fork) M32R from Mitsubishi (dropped since 4.17) (m32r) Microblaze from Xilinx (microblaze) MIPS architecture (mips): Dingoo Infineon's Amazon & Danube Network Processors Ingenic Jz4740 Loongson (MIPS-compatible), and models 2 and 2E, from BLX IC Design Ltd (China) Some PlayStation 2 models, through the PS2 Linux project PlayStation Portable uClinux 2.4.19 port Broadcom wireless chipsets Dreambox (HD models) Cavium Octeon packet processors MN103 from Panasonic Corporation (dropped since 4.17) (mn10300) OpenRISC (openrisc) OpenRISC 1000 family in the mainline Linux Kernel as of 3.1 Beyond Semiconductor OR1200 Beyond Semiconductor OR1210 Power ISA: IBM Servers PowerPC architecture (powerpc): IBM's Cell Most pre-Intel Apple computers (all PCI-based Power Macintoshes, limited support for the older NuBus Power Macs) Clones of the PCI Power Mac marketed by Power Computing, UMAX and Motorola Amigas upgraded with a "Power-UP" card (such as the Blizzard or CyberStorm) AmigaOne motherboard from Eyetech Group Ltd (UK) Samantha from Soft3 (Italy) IBM RS/6000, AS/400 and pSeries systems Pegasos I and II boards from Genesi GameCube and Wii, through GameCube Linux Project BlackDog from Realm Systems, Inc. Sony PlayStation 3 Microsoft's Xbox 360, through the free60 project V-Dragon CPU from Culturecom Virtex II Pro field-programmable gate array (FPGA) from Xilinx with PowerPC cores Dreambox (non-HD models) RISC-V (riscv) SPARC (sparc) SPARC (32-bit): Sun-4 (dropped since 2.6.27) SPARCstation/SPARCserver series (sun4m, sun4d) sun4c (dropped since version 3.5) LEON UltraSPARC (64-bit): Sun Ultra series Sun Blade Sun Fire SPARC Enterprise systems, also the based on the UltraSPARC T1, UltraSPARC T2, UltraSPARC T3, and UltraSPARC T4 processors Sunway SuperH (sh) Sega Dreamcast (SuperH SH4) HP Jornada 680 through Jlime distribution (SuperH SH3) Synopsys DesignWare ARC cores, originally developed by ARC International (arc) S+core (dropped since 4.17) (score) Tilera (dropped since 4.17) Xtensa from Tensilica Transmeta Crusoe UniCore32 (unicore32) Additional processors (particularly Freescale's 68000 and ColdFire) are supported by the MMU-less μClinux variant. See also Comparison of operating system kernels Comparison of operating systems Embeddable Linux Kernel Subset User-mode Linux References External links BlueCat Linux Kernel Porting Guide Portability and supported architectures
Supervisory control is a general term for control of many individual controllers or control loops, such as within a distributed control system. It refers to a high level of overall monitoring of individual process controllers, which is not necessary for the operation of each controller, but gives the operator an overall plant process view, and allows integration of operation between controllers. A more specific use of the term is for a Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition system or SCADA, which refers to a specific class of system for use in process control, often on fairly small and remote applications such as a pipeline transport, water distribution, or wastewater utility system station. Forms Supervisory control often takes one of two forms. In one, the controlled machine or process continues autonomously. It is observed from time to time by a human who, when deeming it necessary, intervenes to modify the control algorithm in some way. In the other, the process accepts an instruction, carries it out autonomously, reports the results and awaits further commands. With manual control, the operator interacts directly with a controlled process or task using switches, levers, screws, valves etc., to control actuators. This concept was incorporated in the earliest machines which sought to extend the physical capabilities of man. In contrast, with automatic control, the machine adapts to changing circumstances and makes decisions in pursuit of some goal which can be as simple as switching a heating system on and off to maintain a room temperature within a specified range. Sheridan defines supervisory control as follows: "in the strictest sense, supervisory control means that one or more human operators are intermittently programming and continually receiving information from a computer that itself closes an autonomous control loop through artificial effectors to the controlled process or task environment." Other points Robotics applications have traditionally aimed for automatic control. Automatic control requires sensing and responding appropriately to all combinations of circumstances which can present problems of overwhelming complexity. A supervisory control scheme offers the prospect of solving the automation problem incrementally and leaving those problems unsolved to be handled by the human supervisor. Communications delay does not have the same impact on this control scheme. All time critical feedback occurs at the slave where the delays are negligible. Instability is thus avoided without modifying the feedback loop. Communications delay, in this case, slows the rate at which an operator can assign tasks to the slave and determine whether those tasks have been successfully carried out. See also Human reliability and human factors for more on human supervisory control Thomas B. Sheridan, a researcher of supervisory control and other subjects and professor of mechanical engineering at MIT Supervisory control theory References: Human Supervisory Control Amalberti, R. and Deblon, F (1992). Cognitive Modelling of Fighter Aircraft Process Control: A Step Towards an Intelligent On-Board Assistance System. International Journal of Man-Machine Studies, 36, 639-671. Hollnagel, E., Mancini, G. and Woods, D. (Eds.) (1986). Intelligent decision support in process environments. New York: Academic Press. Jones, P. M. and Jasek, C. A. (1997). Intelligent support for activity management (ISAM): An architecture to support distributed supervisory control. IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Special issue on Human Interaction in Complex Systems, Vol. 27, No. 3, May 1997, 274-288. Jones, P. M. and Mitchell, C. M. (1995). Human-computer cooperative problem solving: Theory, design, and evaluation of an intelligent associate system for supervisory control. IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, 25, 7, July 1995, 1039-1053. Mailin, J. T., Schreckenghost, D. L., Woods, D. D., Potter, S. S., Johannsen, L., Holloway, M. and Forbus, K. D. (1991). Making intelligent systems team players: Case studies and design issues. Volume 1: Human-computer interaction design. NASA Technical Memorandum 104738, NASA Johnson Space Center. Mitchell, C. M. (1999). Model-based design of human interaction with complex systems. In A. P. Sage and W. B. Rouse (Eds.), Handbook of systems engineering and management (pp. 745 – 810). Wiley. Rasmussen, J., Pejtersen, A. and Goodstein, L. (1994). Cognitive systems engineering. New York: Wiley. Sarter, N. and Amalberti, R. (Eds.) (2000). Cognitive engineering in the aviation domain. Lawrence Erlbaum Associates. Sheridan, T. B. (1992). Telerobotics, automation, and human supervisory control. MIT Press. Sheridan, T. B. (2002). Humans and automation: System design and research issues. Wiley. Sheridan, T. B. (Ed.) (1976). Monitoring behavior and supervisory control. Springer. Woods, D. D. and Roth, E. M. (1988). Cognitive engineering: Human problem solving with tools. Human Factors, 30, 4, 415-430. Citations Control theory
Inner Sanctum Records was a record shop in Austin, Texas. The retailer was variously cited as the first indie record shop in Texas and, at the time of its closure, the oldest in Central Texas. History In 1970, college student/entrepreneur Joe Bryson bought Phil's Record Store, which sat in a shotgun location at W. 24th and Rio Grande Streets, and renamed it Inner Sanctum Records, named after the 1940s radio show. The store would soon relocate to a large, old house at 504 W. 24th Street, just off "The Drag" (Guadalupe St.), near the University of Texas at Austin. This building also housed Aunt Sally's Bookstore, The Leather Bench and other businesses, as well as the offices of the political magazine The Texas Observer (when not running the store, Bryson would often visit the Observer offices in the presence of Molly Ivins and Kaye Northcott). Bryson increasingly relied on fellow music aficionados to keep the business running. James "Cowboy" Cooper, Gary Barnes, "Big Al" Ragle, Richard Dorsett, Rick Moore, Kirby McDaniel, Stephen Goodwin, and Linda Nozik all worked at the store. Between Cooper's knowledge and Bryson's enthusiasm, the store created a synergy that helped spawn progressive country. Inner Sanctum became one of the most influential record shops in the United States and the most popular independent store in Austin during the 1970s, coinciding with the emergence of the Southern California sound that influenced many Texas-based artists. The store became a source for recordings by Doug Sahm, Willie Nelson, Gram Parsons, Emmylou Harris, The Lost Gonzo Band, Joe Ely, The Flying Burrito Brothers, Willis Alan Ramsey, Townes Van Zandt, Guy Clark, Waylon Jennings, George Jones, Jerry Jeff Walker, Michael Murphey (later known as Michael Martin Murphey), B. W. Stevenson, Billy Joe Shaver, Kinky Friedman, The Byrds and many others. The store became more successful and Bryson decided to move into a larger space in the building, but ended up having to keep the current space, as well. Thus, Inner Sanctum Too, was established as an auxiliary shop featuring classical music, and was managed by Kirby McDaniel and David Sobey. Meanwhile, the main store's inventory grew to include the entire spectrum of recorded music, featuring extensive catalog offerings of popular and progressive rock, R&B, soul, blues, disco, jazz and what came to be known as world music. The store was also one of the first in the country to offer second-hand records for purchase. It also started a notorious practice of "renting" records for about $1 a day, a practice quashed by the major record labels when they became aware of it by the latter part of the decade. Country to Punk As the prog country "Cosmic Cowboy" trend lost momentum, the store staff embraced the growing punk rock trend with zeal. Importers became the store's most important suppliers, with shipments arriving at least once or twice a week with singles, LPs and magazines from the United Kingdom punk scene. Buyer Neil Ruttenberg made punk rock the store's specialty and helped catalyse punk's local popularity. DIY bands began rapidly appearing throughout Austin, which already enjoyed a reputation as a haven for live music. Inner Sanctum became the local source for recordings by artists such as the Sex Pistols, Devo, The B-52's, Joy Division, Throbbing Gristle, Stray Cats, Elvis Costello, The Clash, The Stranglers, Grace Jones, The Police, U2, Tears for Fears, OMD, and Simple Minds. Supporting local music As local bands began to record and release their own recordings, they could rely on the Inner Sanctum to stock them. To celebrate, the store would usually host a record release party with a keg and refreshments, lending a feeling of closeness to the scene. Some of these local acts included The Huns, Standing Waves, F-Systems, The Skunks (a band that featured "Fast Eddie" Munoz, a one-time Inner Sanctum employee and later a member of The Plimsouls, and following Munoz' departure, Jon Dee Graham), The Next, Terminal Mind, The Big Boys, The Dicks, The Norvells, Joe "King" Carrasco and the Crowns, D-Day, Delta, Radio Free Europe, The Explosives, Kamikaze Refrigerators, Sharon Tate's Baby, The Violators, The Inserts, The Judys (from Houston), and many more. Outside of punk and new wave, parties were held for Uncle Walt's Band (who performed in-store), Alvin Crow, soul band Extreme Heat, Butch Hancock, The Fabulous Thunderbirds, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Greezy Wheels, Roky Erickson, Uranium Savages, Joe Ely, Beto y Los Fairlanes and others. Doug Sahm and his friends frequently patronized the store. Major label recordings were subject to release parties, as well (such as an Elvis Costello Look-A-Like Contest upon the release of My Aim is True), or just a party to celebrate the fact that such artists, like The Plasmatics, Graham Parker, Joe Jackson, Robert Gordon & Link Wray, Tom Robinson Band, Magazine, and The Textones (Carla Olsson and Kathy Valentine), were performing in town. Most of the staff were also musicians, band managers or otherwise involved with the local music scene. In 1976, McDaniel started a Sunday night radio show, Rock Of Ages, on the UT radio station KUT. He played a wide spectrum of music that was readily available in the store. By 1978, Stephen Goodwin started making appearances as "The Old Codger" and other regular guests dropped by, like Paul Ray (of The Cobras and the KUT program Twine Time), disco DJ Casey Jones, writer Joe Nick Patoski, playwright Greg Barrios and Neil Ruttenberg. When McDaniel exited the show in 1979, Ruttenberg (taking on the moniker of "Rev. Neil X") took the reins at the height of the punk–new wave era. When he departed, he relayed the controls to store manager Jack Kanter in 1981. Both Ruttenberg and Kanter's editions of the show occasionally featured live performances in the studio from artists like Alex Chilton. Kanter's show was visited regularly by The Big Boys (featuring Randy "Biscuit" Turner). Kanter also served for a while as manager of the band Delta, while another staffer, Will Sharp, managed The Next. Location 504 W. 24th St. came to be known as Bluebonnet Plaza, and housed a head shop (Pipes Plus), a hair salon, and other businesses along with Inner Sanctum. Two popular restaurants flanked the building on either side: Octopus' Garden (later Mad Dog & Beans) and Les Amis Cafe, the latter of which was featured in the motion picture Slacker and the subject of a 2005 documentary, Viva Les Amis. Demise Following the departures of both Kanter and Ruttenberg in the early 1980s, Bryson eventually sold the store. By 1997, property values throughout Austin had increased dramatically, and Inner Sanctum and the other tenants of Bluebonnet Plaza were forced to vacate when the owners decided to renovate the building. Quotes See also List of companies based in Austin, Texas References External links The Inner Sanctum logo Music retailers of the United States Culture of Austin, Texas Independent stores Companies based in Austin, Texas Retail companies established in 1970 Retail companies disestablished in 1997 Defunct companies based in Texas 1970 establishments in Texas 1997 disestablishments in Texas
The agent systems reference model (ASRM) is a layered, abstract description for multiagent systems. As such, the reference model provides a taxonomy of terms, concepts and definitions to compare agent systems; identifies functional elements that are common in agent systems; captures data flow and dependencies among the functional elements in agent systems; and specifies assumptions and requirements regarding the dependencies among these elements. The ASRM differentiates itself from technical standards, such as Knowledge Interchange Format, Knowledge Query and Manipulation Language, and those of the Foundation for Intelligent Physical Agents in that it defines the required existence of components of a multiagent system; standards prescribe how they are designed. Technical approach The ASRM was technically constructed through forensic software analysis of existing agent-based systems. Such fielded systems include JaDE, Cougaar, EMAA, NOMADS, Retsina, A-Globe, among others. In so doing, through empirical evidence, the ASRM motivates its functional breakdown of agent-based systems. Description of the ASRM layers History The ASRM was started in July 2005, with the first draft having been completed in November 2006. Contributors to the document have included Drexel University, Cougaar Software, Global InfoTek (see also: CoABS), Soar Technology (see also: Soar), Penn State University, University of Southern California, University of South Carolina, the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition, University of West Florida, BBN Technologies, Telcordia, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics and others. See also 4D-RCS Reference Model Architecture Agent based model Artificial Intelligence Complex systems Distributed artificial intelligence Intelligent agent Multiagent system Reference model Software agent Further reading Version 1.0a of the ASRM The Case for a Reference Model for Agent-Based Systems. Pragnesh Jay Modi, William C. Regli and Israel Mayk. In Proceedings of the IEEE Workshop on Distributed Intelligent Systems: Collective Intelligence and Its Applications. June, 2006. Pages 321–325. Regli, W. C., Mayk, I., Dugan, C. J., Kopena, J. B., Lass, R. N., Modi, P. J., Mongan, W. M., Salvage, J. K., and Sultanik, E. A. "Development and specification of a reference model for agent-based systems." IEEE Trans. Sys. Man Cyber Part C 39, 5 (Sep. 2009), 572–596. Reference models Artificial intelligence
V382 Carinae, also known as x Carinae (x Car), is a yellow hypergiant in the constellation Carina. It is a G-type star with a mean apparent magnitude of +3.93, and a variable star of low amplitude. Variability The radial velocity of V382 Carinae has long been known to be variable, but variations in its brightness were unclear. Brightness variations were detected by some observers, but others found it to be constant. It was formally named as a variable star in 1981, listed in the General Catalogue of Variable Stars as a possible δ Cephei variable. It has been described as a pseudo-Cepheid, a supergiant with pulsations similar to a Cepheid but less regular. Analysis of Hipparcos photometry showed clear variation with a maximum range of 0.12 magnitudes and the star was treated as an α Cygni variable. A period of 556 days was suggested, but it is not entirely consistent. It is now generally treated as a semiregular or irregular supergiant. Properties V382 Car is the brightest yellow hypergiant in the night sky, easily visible to the naked eye and brighter than Rho Cassiopeiae although not visible from much of the northern hemisphere. It is 6,200 light years from Earth and around 500 times the radius of the Sun. The large size means that V382 Car is over 200,000 times as luminous as the sun. The low infrared excess suggest that V382 Carinae may be cooling towards a red supergiant phase, less common than yellow hypergiants evolving towards hotter temperatures. References Carinae, x Carina (constellation) G-type hypergiants Carinae, V382 096918 4337 Durchmusterung objects Slow irregular variables 054463
Eitan Zemel is the Vice Dean for Strategic Initiatives and the W. Edwards Deming Professor of Quality and Productivity at New York University's Stern School of Business. He also teaches courses in operations management and operations strategy at NYU. Professor Zemel also teaches for the Master of Science in Business Analytics Program for Executives (MSBA), which is jointly hosted by NYU Stern and NYU Shanghai. Academic interests Zemel's research is focused on computations and algorithms. He developed the concepts used in the first practical algorithm for solving large knapsack problems and which are used in almost every efficient algorithm for this type of problem. Other areas of Zemel's research include supply chain management, operations strategy, service operations, and incentive issues in operations management. His writing has appeared in numerous publications including The SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Games and Economic Behavior, and Annals of Operations Research. Zemel is also an associate editor of Manufacturing Review, Production and Operations Management, and Management Science, and the senior editor of Manufacturing and Service Operations. Books Publications Eitan Zemel is a co-author of over 40 articles. Education Zemel received his Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, his Master of Science in Applied Physics from The Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel, and his Doctor of Philosophy in Operations Research from the Graduate School of Business Administration at Carnegie Mellon University. References External links Department of Operations Management website List of Publications List of Publications Part II NYU Stern Biography Department of Operations Management Biography Year of birth missing (living people) Living people New York University Stern School of Business faculty Tepper School of Business alumni
LugRadio was a British podcast on the topic of Linux and events in the free and open source software communities, as well as coverage of technology, digital rights and politics. The show was launched in 2004 as a result of discussions between several members of the Wolverhampton Linux User Group. After five seasons, on 30 June 2008, LugRadio announced that they would end the show at their convention, LugRadio Live UK 2008. The show was presented by Jono Bacon, Stuart Langridge, Chris Procter and Adam Sweet. Jono Bacon and Stuart Langridge are the only two presenters who were with the show throughout, with Jono Bacon being the only presenter to appear on every show. Previous regular presenters were Matthew Revell (Seasons 1 – 4), Adrian Bradshaw (Seasons 2 – 4) and Stephen Parkes (Season 1, and the first few shows of Season 2). The show has also featured a number of guest presenters. Guests have included Ximian co-founder Nat Friedman, Google Open Source program manager Chris DiBona, Sun Head of Open Source Strategy Simon Phipps and Eric Raymond among others. History LugRadio was conceived by Jono Bacon and Matthew Revell in 2003. The pair met at Wolverhampton Linux User Group and it was agreed that Stuart Langridge and Stephen Parkes would complete the line-up. The first show, called The Phantom Message, was released on 26 February 2004. Most releases of the show were licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial No-Derivatives licence, but shows released after December 2007 are under the Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported licence. An effort was made to relicense earlier content under the same license where possible. Media coverage and awards LugRadio received coverage in Linux Format magazine, Linux User and Developer magazine and Linux Magazine as well as online coverage by sites such as Slashdot. An episode of LugRadio was included on the cover CD of Linux User and Developer magazine. In 2006, LugRadio won the award for Best Marketing Campaign at the UK Linux and Open Source Awards in London and won the award for Best Linux Podcast in the Christmas 2007 edition of Linux Format magazine. LugRadio Live LugRadio Live was an annual event organised by the LugRadio team and held in Wolverhampton. It was a Linux, Free Software and Open Source event intended to be fun, without the corporate agenda held by other commercial events. It was first held in 2005 with 250 attendees, 14 speakers — including Mark Shuttleworth, who arrived by helicopter — and 18 exhibitors including Ubuntu, Debian, KDE and O'Reilly. In 2006 LugRadio Live saw around 400 attendees, over 30 speakers including Michael Meeks and 27 exhibitors including Ubuntu, OpenSolaris, KDE, MythTV, Debian, Fedora and GNOME. LugRadio Live 2007 took place on 7–8 July 2007 at the Light House Media Centre, Wolverhampton attracting hundreds of attendees from around the world. Speakers included Chris DiBona (Google), Gervase Markham (Mozilla) and a representative from the Department for Communities and Local Government. LugRadio Live USA 2008 took place on 12–13 April 2008 at The Metreon in San Francisco. The wide selection of speakers included many celebrities including Miguel de Icaza, Robert Love, Ian Murdock, and Jeremy Allison. The show attracted about five hundred Linux enthusiasts from many countries around the world with several travelling from as far as Europe and Australia. LugRadio Live UK 2008 took place on the weekend of 19 July 2008 at the Light House Media Centre in Wolverhampton. LugRadio Live 2009 took place on 24 October 2009 at the Newhampton Arts Centre in Wolverhampton. References External links Technology podcasts 2004 podcast debuts Audio podcasts
SBT may refer to: In entertainment and media Sistema Brasileiro de Televisão (Brazilian Television System), a Brazilian TV network South Bend Tribune newspaper, and its associated broadcast stations: WSBT (AM) WSBT-TV Sym-Bionic Titan, an American animated series created by Genndy Tartakovsky for Cartoon Network In science, technology, and medicine sbt (software), source build tool for the Scala programming language 2-sec-Butyl-4,5-dihydrothiazole, a thiazoline ligand Small bowel transplantation, a transplant surgery Spontaneous breathing trial, abbreviation used in medical documents Session-based testing, a software test method combining accountability and exploratory testing Other uses Scan-based trading, an inventory system Single-bullet theory, a theory on some aspects of John F. Kennedy's assassination Southern bluefin tuna, a species of tuna Special Boat Teams, a unit under U.S. Naval Special Warfare Command Staffordshire Bull Terrier, a breed of dog State Bank of Travancore, a bank in India Swedish Bikini Team, a group of American female models Sweetened beverage tax
The Geospatial Data Abstraction Library (GDAL) is a computer software library for reading and writing raster and vector geospatial data formats (e.g. shapefile), and is released under the permissive X/MIT style free software license by the Open Source Geospatial Foundation. As a library, it presents a single abstract data model to the calling application for all supported formats. It may also be built with a variety of useful command line interface utilities for data translation and processing. Projections and transformations are supported by the PROJ library. The related OGR library (OGR Simple Features Library), which is part of the GDAL source tree, provides a similar ability for simple features vector graphics data. GDAL was developed mainly by Frank Warmerdam until the release of version 1.3.2, when maintenance was officially transferred to the GDAL/OGR Project Management Committee under the Open Source Geospatial Foundation. GDAL/OGR is considered a major free software project for its "extensive capabilities of data exchange" and also in the commercial GIS community due to its widespread use and comprehensive set of functionalities. Software using GDAL/OGR Several software programs use the GDAL/OGR libraries to allow them to read and write multiple GIS formats. Such programs include: ArcGIS – Uses GDAL for custom raster formats Avenza MAPublisher - GIS and mapping tools for Adobe Illustrator. Uses GDAL for coordinate system transformation, format reading & writing, geometry operations, & unit conversion. Avenza Geographic Imager - Spatial imaging tools for Adobe Photoshop. Uses GDAL for coordinate system transformation, format reading & writing, & unit conversion. Avenza Maps - iOS & Android mobile mapping application. Uses GDAL to read metadata information for geospatial maps / data to transform them to WGS84 for offline navigation. Biosphere3D – Open source landscape scenery globe Biotop Invent Cadwork ENVI – Remote Sensing software ERDAS APOLLO - Image Server and remote sensing geo-services ERDAS GeoCompressor - Image compression to ECW and JP2 formats Geoconcept integrated GDAL in its 7.1 release FWTools – A cross-platform open source GIS software bundle compiled by Frank Warmerdam gdaltokmz – A Python module translating from GDAL-supported raster graphics formats to the Google Earth KMZ format GeoDjango – Django's support for GIS-enabled databases GeoDMS - A framework for building spatial calculation models. GeoView Pro – iOS mobile mapping application Google Earth – A virtual globe and world imaging program GRASS GIS gvSIG JMap MangoMap MapServer MS4W - MapServer for Windows, a widely popular installer for the MapServer community, using GDAL for data access. MapWindow GIS - Open Source C++ based geographic information system, ActiveX Control, and application programmer interface Merkaartor NASA Ames Stereo Pipeline, an open-source software package for photogrammetry World Wind Java – NASA's open source virtual globe and world imaging technology Open Source Geospatial Foundation (OSSIM) – Libraries and applications used to process imagery, maps, terrain, and vector data OpenEV – Geospatial toolkit and a frontend to that toolkit; to display georeferenced images and elevation data Orfeo toolbox – A satellite image processing library QGIS R – An open source statistical software with extensions for spatial data analysis. SAGA GIS – A cross-platform open source GIS software TopoQuest – Internet topographic map viewer Rolta Geomatica software Supported raster data formats As of version 2.2.3, GDAL/OGR provides at least partial support for 154 raster and 93 vector geospatial data formats. A subset of data formats is supported to ensure the ability to directly create files and georeferencing them with the default GDAL compiling options. Here follows the list of data formats whose support is, by default, compiled to allow creation and georeferencing. Supported vector data formats GDAL supports a variety of vector data formats as seen here. It is extensible as well. References Notes External links OSGeo project homepage C++ libraries Cross-platform software Data structures libraries and frameworks Free computer libraries Free GIS software GIS file formats Software using the MIT license
This is a comparison of voice over IP (VoIP) software used to conduct telephone-like voice conversations across Internet Protocol (IP) based networks. For residential markets, voice over IP phone service is often cheaper than traditional public switched telephone network (PSTN) service and can remove geographic restrictions to telephone numbers, e.g., have a PSTN phone number in a New York area code ring in Tokyo. For businesses, VoIP obviates separate voice and data pipelines, channelling both types of traffic through the IP network while giving the telephony user a range of advanced abilities. Softphones are client devices for making and receiving voice and video calls over the IP network with the standard functions of most original telephones and usually allow integration with VoIP phones and USB phones instead of using a computer's microphone and speakers (or headset). Most softphone clients run on the open Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) supporting various codecs. Skype runs on a closed proprietary networking protocol but additional business telephone system (PBX) software can allow a SIP based telephone system to connect to the Skype network. Online chat programs now also incorporate voice and video communications. Other VoIP software applications include conferencing servers, intercom systems, virtual foreign exchange services (FXOs) and adapted telephony software which concurrently support VoIP and public switched telephone network (PSTN) like Interactive Voice Response (IVR) systems, dial in dictation, on hold and call recording servers. Some entries below are Web-based VoIP; most are standalone Desktop applications. Desktop applications Discontinued softphone service Mobile phones For mobile VoIP clients: Frameworks and libraries Server software Secure VoIP software VoIP software with client-to-client encryption The following table is an overview of those VoIP clients which (can) provide end-to-end encryption. VoIP software with client-to-server encryption The following table is an overview of those VoIP clients which (normally) provide client-to-server encryption. Notes See also Comparison of audio coding formats Comparison of cross-platform instant messaging clients Comparison of web conferencing software List of codecs List of SIP software List of video telecommunication services and product brands Matrix (protocol) Secure communication Comparison of user features of messaging platforms References VoIP software Cryptographic software VoIP software VoIP software
CrushFTP is a proprietary multi-protocol, multi-platform file transfer server originally developed in 1999. CrushFTP is shareware with a tiered pricing model. It is targeted at home users on up to enterprise users. Features CrushFTP supports the following protocols: FTP, FTPS, SFTP, HTTP, HTTPS, WebDAV and WebDAV SSL. Additionally, although not a protocol, it has both AJAX/HTML5 and Java applet web interfaces for end users to manage their files from a web browser. CrushFTP uses a GUI for administration, but also installs as a daemon on Mac OS X, Linux, Unix, and as a service in Windows. It supports multihoming, multiple websites with distinct branding, hot configuration changes, Attachment redirection, and GUI-based management of users and groups from a browser. Plugins are included for authentication against SQL databases, LDAP, Active Directory, and other custom methods. All settings are stored in XML files that can be edited directly, or with the web UI. If edited directly, CrushFTP notices the modification timestamp change and load the settings immediately without needing a server restart. History of CrushFTP CrushFTP was first published publicly around 1998. Initial versions were FTP only. There were no connection restrictions in version 1.x. CrushFTP 2.x brought about virtual directories in a sense, while CrushFTP 3.x brought about a full virtual file system. It supported the ability to merge and mangle several file systems together regardless if they were from local folders, or another FTP site. It could even act as a proxy for other FTP servers. However the complications from all the potential issues that could go on from this was confusing. CrushFTP 3 introduced tiered pricing models. CrushFTP 4 focused primarily on a cleaner interface and less confusing virtual file system. While it still seems to have some support for merging FTP sites with a local file system, the support seems limited. Updates in version 4 included a full HTTP server as well as the other supported protocols. Later updates began recognizing connection differences between web browsers and FTP/SFTP clients, counting four web browser connections as only one user against the licensed limit. CrushFTP 5 continued the evolution of the WebInterface with various iterations. It used a flash interface briefly before replacing it with a HTML/AJAX interface. CrushFTPv5 was the last version to still use a thick client Java Swing UI. Version 6 moved to an all web browser UI. CrushFTP 6 released in 2012 brought about major changes as the management and monitoring interface became entirely web based. Its interface is based on jQuery and jQuery UI. Multiple administrators can work concurrently, fixing the single admin limitation of prior versions. It had image thumbnail support and file replication and synching. CrushFTP 7 was released in early 2014. According to the "what's new" page it adds a dashboard for server information, delegated role based administration, graphical job / event designer, MP4 movie streaming support using HTML5, UPnP / PMP port forwarding and automatic external port validation testing, among many other features. Some features are available only to enterprise customers such as user synchronization and DMZ prefs synchronization between internal servers. CrushFTP 8 was released in late 2016. The "what's new" page lists a new faster HTML5 browser uploading system (4x faster) with resume support, a limited filesystem server mode, and data replication as key new features. There is a revision system on files, a new reports UI, and a stand-alone client UI as part of the release as well. CrushFTP 9 was released in late 2018. The "what's new" page lists a new CrushBalance load balancer, new Citrix protocol for VFS, uses fewer threads, [Let's Encrypt] plugin support, automated expiration reminder emails for passwords, accounts, and shares. Additionally it lists Proxy Protocol v2 support for AWS load balancers, and an enhanced Job management system. CrushFTP 10 was released in early 2021. Features DMZ feature to separate Internal and external server interfaces. High availability, session replication, data replication and VIP capabilities. Event based actions to trigger emails. Job scheduler, visual flow designer, manage and move files across protocols. Pass a list of found files from one step to the next, filtering items out, multithreading multiple steps simultaneously, and monitoring in realtime the progress of the job visually and with realtime logging. Scriptable command line CrushClient with support for FTP(ES)/ SFTP/ HTTP(s) CrushBalance load balancer included for a software based load balancer that can be put in front of the main CrushFTP server. Supports many back end protocols for file storage, including FTP(ES), SMB, SFTP, HTTP(s), WebDAV, Google Drive, Azure, Hadoop and S3 WebInterface allowing on the fly zipped uploads and downloads WebInterface supports image thumbnail generation for live image previews Drill down into folders on the WebInterface, delete, or rename. API for configuring users and VFS items over HTTP(s) Custom usage reports that can be run on demand, or scheduled. Live realtime dashboard UI for monitoring server health, active users, and their activity. Web server supports Server Side Includes, and virtual domains. SQL integration to store users and permissions in SQL database tables. LDAP / Active Directory authentication integration. SAML SSO authentication integration. Radius authentication integration. Ability to launch custom shell scripts passing in arguments. DDOS protection Detailed audit logging and log rolling. Syslog or DB logging for a secondary server with replicated log data (audit purposes) Custom web upload forms for collecting additional information with file uploads which can be passed to jobs and events. Bandwidth limiters. Internal statistic gathering. User and group inheritance on a per setting level. Max login time, idle time. Max upload, download, and minimum download speed. Quotas and ratios. Max download amount per session, day, or month. Auto account expirations. Restricted IP ranges for connections. Custom events including running a plugin or sending an email. Supports various encodings including UTF-8. Can do Virtual File System (VFS) linking to merge several file systems. Supports FTP's MODE Z for compressed transfers. Plugins CrushLDAPGroup authenticates against an LDAP servers, including Active Directory. CrushTask has a long list of tasks it can perform. AS2, Copy, Delete, Email, Execute, Find, Jump, HTTP, MakeDirectory, Move, PGP, PopImap, Preview, Rename, SQL, Unzip, Wait, WriteFile, Zip and an unknown Custom task. MagicDirectory allows creating users by just making a folder. Non administrator type personnel can create users easily. Authentication options Built-in user database consisting of XML files describing the user and Virtual File System access. Active Directory / LDAP Web Application POST and retrieval of Xml configurations SAML SQL tables HTTP Basic Authentication HTTP Form Based Authentication MagicDirectory folder name based user authentication Security Encryption is supported for files "at rest" using PGP, as well as for passwords using an MD5 or SHA, SHA512, SHA3, MD4 non-reversible hash. SFTP uses SSH for encryption, and FTPS uses SSL/TLS for encryption. SHA-2 hashing algorithms are supported. Hashes can be salted with random salt values. As August 2021, there has been six published vulnerabilities in CrushFTP. See also Comparison of FTP server software References External links CrushFTP Server Home Page CrushFTP Documentation FTP server software
Snippet is a programming term for a small region of re-usable source code, machine code, or text. Ordinarily, these are formally defined operative units to incorporate into larger programming modules. Snippet management is a feature of some text editors, program source code editors, IDEs, and related software. It allows the user to avoid repetitive typing in the course of routine edit operations. Definition In programming practice, "snippet" refers narrowly to a portion of source code that is literally included by an editor program into a file, and is a form of copy and paste programming. This concrete inclusion is in contrast to abstraction methods, such as functions or macros, which are abstraction within the language. Snippets are thus primarily used when these abstractions are not available or not desired, such as in languages that lack abstraction, or for clarity and absence of overhead. Snippets are similar to having static preprocessing included in the editor, and do not require support by a compiler. On the flip side, this means that snippets cannot be invariably modified after the fact, and thus is vulnerable to all of the problems of copy and paste programming. For this reason snippets are primarily used for simple sections of code (with little logic), or for boilerplate, such as copyright notices, function prototypes, common control structures, or standard library imports. Overview Snippet management is a text editor feature popular among software developers or others who routinely require content from a catalogue of repeatedly entered text (such as with source code or boilerplate). Often this feature is justified because the content varies only slightly (or not at all) each time it is entered. Snippets in text editors Text editors that include this feature ordinarily provide a mechanism to manage the catalogue, and separate "snippets" in the same manner that the text editor and operating system allow management of separate files. These basic management abilities include operations such as viewing, adding, editing, deleting, sorting, filtering, grouping, renaming, and storing snippets in a repository, catalogue, or database. Some editors provide a macro ability to snippets allowing function prototypes and variable control structures to be generated based on a standard template. Snippets in IDEs Some programmer's applications such as Eclipse, NetBeans, and Microsoft's Visual Studio (uses TextMate-inspired snippets underhood) and other IDEs include built-in parts of structure for ease of coding. Other applications such as Macromedia Dreamweaver make use of these code snippets as well for Web development. Snippets in JIT compilers Just-in-time (JIT) compilers can "splice together" pre-compiled sections of code as longer object code/machine code segments. This reduces interpret time significantly and simultaneously speeds execution. Snippets in shells Snippets may be used inside commandline interfaces like bash, zsh (GNU Linux/Unix-like) or powershell (MS Windows). Features like completion and placeholders substitution may or may not be supported. Example Consider the process of swapping the values of two variables, x and y. Assuming weak typing and not being concerned about name collision, this is represented by the code: temp = x x = y y = temp When the snippet is inserted, the programmer is prompted for the values of the two parameters. Assuming they are type foo and bar, which are the actual names of the variables they wish to swap, this will yield the code: temp = foo foo = bar bar = temp If the snippet is subsequently changed, say to use __temp instead of temp, it will not change the code that has already been inserted, but will be used in subsequent insertions of the snippet. A snippet for this might be represented as: temp = $1 $1 = $2 $2 = temp Conventions In addition to the basic management abilities described previously, snippet management features can be classified according to the scope of interactivity between snippets and the text editor or application that hosts them. These snippet feature groups include: plain-text or "static" snippets interactive or "dynamic" snippets scriptable snippets Static Snippets of this type consist primarily of fixed text that the user can choose to insert into the current document. The user is not able to specify anything else, except perhaps the cursor position relative to the newly inserted text. Static snippets are similar to simple macros, excepting that macro are often evaluated (or inserted) by a command-line program instead of IDE. Dynamic Snippets consist of fixed text combined with dynamic elements (placeholders) which are allowed to be modified either by editor or by user. The user may specify both the content of the dynamic elements, as well as their position relative to the fixed text, as part of choosing what to insert into the current document. Examples of dynamic elements could be variables such as the current date or system time, or input from the user that is supplied via a GUI, or input from another application. (see also: programmable macro). Scriptable Snippets consist of runnable segments of code in either a macro language or a scripting language. Scriptable snippets provide the greatest degree of flexibility to the user, although that depends somewhat on the programming languages supported by the text editor, and whether or not the programming language is well-known, or particular and unique to that specific editor. The type of scripting support varies, but may include features such as running shell commands, providing a GUI dialog or other methods of user interaction with the operating system; other applications; or other sub-components of the hosting application itself. Snippet placeholders Placeholders are elements within a snippet that are left to be supplied by the user or other external process. The values for placeholders are not determined until the text of the snippet is inserted during an editing session. Placeholders may have special markup syntax that allows the editor to identify the boundaries of placeholders relative to the other text in the current edit buffer. Other applications employ graphical user interfaces and modal dialog boxes that allow the user to enter one or more values to be supplied for the placeholders. Placeholder identifiers Placeholders are usually indicated by some special character or sequence of characters to distinguish them from the rest of the snippet text. Some systems allow snippet placeholders to be named identifiers. The identifiers may be useful for supporting such features as placeholder duplication or placeholder transformation. The following example uses the identifiers first_name, last_name, and item: Hello {%first_name%} {%last_name%}, Your shipment of {%item%} is now ready to pick up. Thanks {%first_name%}!Example of a snippet in TexMate syntax: Hello ${1:first_name} ${2:last_name}, Your shipment of ${3:item} is now ready to pick up. Thanks ${4:first_name}! Placeholder duplication This allows the user to indicate that the value supplied for one placeholder should be replicated in multiple places, relative to the entire text of the programmable snippet. In the previous example, the named placeholder first_name is an example of this usage. Placeholder transformation This allows the user to indicate that one or more values supplied for a placeholder should be replicated and transformed in other places within the text of the programmable snippet. For example, the user may supply a document title in one part of the snippet, and specify that the document title should be repeated in other places, with the first instance being all-uppercase and every other instance being lower-case. Snippet programming features For applications that support scriptable snippets, the range of supported programming features varies. The following enumerates some of the features that are commonly implemented for programmable snippets. Plain text Although plain text is a fundamental feature included even with applications that support only non-programmable "static" snippets, programmable snippets are also used for working with plain text. One common complication, however, is that environments that support programmable snippets often have to make distinctions between what counts as "plain text" and what counts as "programming instructions". Further complicating this distinction is the fact that applications that support programmable snippets almost always include support for recognition of multiple programming languages, either through basic syntax highlighting or execution of embedded commands. For these and other reasons, emitting plain text from programmable snippets almost always entails being careful to avoid problems with syntax and delimiter collisions. Constants and variables Programmable snippets often include an ability to establish a binding to an existing variable scope or namespace, from which the user can select any of various constants or variables. These might include values such as the email address of the currently logged-in user on a given machine, the current system time and date, or the output value of a function. Scriptable snippets are often associated with one or more currently active files. Consequently, variables may also include environment variables and arguments that specify the filename, cursor position, and parent directory among other stats relating to the files in a current editing session. Interpreted code Scriptable snippets may allow execution of code in one or more programming languages. This may include one or more standalone languages, or a language that is specific to the application in which the language is hosted. Alternatives The most basic alternative to code snippets is subroutines in libraries. Subroutines can be incorporated into a reusable software library and shared between multiple programming projects. Design patterns in object-oriented programming, and functional programming, are both techniques that can allow programmers to avoid or reduce the practice of repeatedly inserting snippets into different pieces of code with slight variations each time. In languages in the C family, preprocessors are sometimes used for this purpose. The disadvantage of this approach however is that it's harder to remember pattern or documentation. Software assistance As of 2021 some sophisticated deep-learning tooling emerged that can help to infer specific functionality from a human readable text and generate corresponding source code snippets (e.g. GitHub Copilot). See also References Source code Text editor features
The prevalent means of connecting to the Internet in Germany is DSL, introduced by Deutsche Telekom in 1999. Other technologies such as Cable, FTTH and FTTB (fiber), Satellite, UMTS/HSDPA (mobile) and LTE are available as alternatives. DSL In Germany, DSL is the prevalent internet access technology with over 30 million subscribers. For residential services the Annex B versions of ADSL, ADSL2+, and VDSL2 are used. With over 12 million customers the incumbent Deutsche Telekom is the market leader. Other DSL providers either operate their hardware on local loops rented from the incumbent in a local loop unbundling (LLU) arrangement, and/or purchase bit-stream access from a provider that operates DSL hardware. The end user typically expects a TAE connector socket to connect their modem. As of January 2014, a typical monthly cost for "dual flat rate" internet and telephone service start at €25 for ADSL2+ (16 Mbit/s downlink, 1 Mbit/s uplink) and €30 for VDSL2 (50 Mbit/s downlink, 10 Mbit/s uplink). Some of the major nationwide DSL providers are: Deutsche Telekom Congstar 1&1 Vodafone o2 Versatel Providers such as Deutsche Telekom and Vodafone also offer DSL-based triple-play services with IPTV, which requires at least 16 Mbit/s for HD quality. Starting in 2013, all newly deployed Deutsche Telekom VDSL2 nodes support G.vector technology. Beginning in August 2014, vectored VDSL2 service with data rates of up to 100 Mbit/s downlink and 40 Mbit/s uplink is available from Deutsche Telekom. Existing VDSL2 deployments in major cities will be upgraded to G.vector in 2016. Deutsche Telekom is planning to introduce 500 Mbit/s service using G.fast in 2017 at the earliest. Symmetric DSL (SDSL) connections using G.shdsl technology are marketed to business customers. Providers offering SDSL include Deutsche Telekom, QSC, and Versatel. Cable According to a statistic from Statista, Vodafone, Germany's largest cable internet provider, had 7.65 Million cable internet customers at the end of Q2, 2020. Though still significantly lower the amount of DSL customers, this number has risen in recent years. This is likely due to the higher maximum speeds compared to DSL and relatively well priced plans. Internet via cable is offered by Kabel Deutschland and Unitymedia (separated geographically), both of which are now owned by Vodafone. There are other smaller providers that do not operate nationwide, such as Tele Columbus's child company, PYUR. Since November 2014 both Unitymedia and Kabel Deutschland offer connections with up to 200Mbit/s in downstream. Unitymedia started its 400 Mbit/s connections in January 2016, and Vodafone Kabel Deutschland offers 400 Mbit/s since June 2016. As of January 2021, both companies offer cable internet up to 1000 Mbit/s costing (not incl. special offers for new customers or similar) €88 per month from PYUR and €49.99 per month from Vodafone. Vodafone has the highest nationwide availability for gigabit internet, now at 22 million households according to an update from Vodafone. Both companies also offer upload speeds up to 50 Mbit/s. These plans currently use DOCSIS 3.1, with support for EuroDOCSIS 3.0. Vodafone plans the first field tests of DOCSIS 4.0 (with support for up to 10 Gbit/s downstream and 6 Gbit/s upstream) as soon as the new hardware generation becomes available. These should be available before 2022 at the Düsseldorfer Digitalisierungskonzern. Cable internet is currently the most readily available way to get gigabit internet as a private customer, however fiber internet offers the same or faster speeds in a growing but still limited list of regions. Alternative technologies While DSL and Cable are the prevalent connection technology in Germany, other technologies may offer lower prices or better availability and speed. FTTH and FTTB Deutsche Telekom started offering FTTH/FTTB in select regions in 2011, with up to 200 Mbit/s downstream and 100 Mbit/s upstream. As of January 2014, Deutsche Telekom FTTH was available in 884,000 households, at a price point of €55 for 100/50 Mbit/s and €60 for 200/100 Mbit/s service. Regional providers also offer FTTH/FTTB services, e.g. M-Net in Munich, wilhelm.tel in Hamburg, NetCologne in Cologne, and in Aachen. Since late 2018, more companies have started increasing fiber (FTTH and FTTB) internet availability across Germany such as Vodafone, Deutsche Telekom, Greenfiber, Deutsche Glasfaser and 1&1. As of May 2021, fiber offers internet speeds of up to 10.000 Mbit/s in select regions. Satellite Satellite internet is geographically more widely available than land-based technologies. In places where land-based internet access technology (DSL, cable, FTTx) is not available, satellite and UMTS/LTE are the primary means of high-speed internet access. As opposed to UMTS/LTE, satellite internet providers offer flat rates. UMTS/HSDPA and LTE Deutsche Telekom and Vodafone offer fixed location internet service on their UMTS and LTE networks. As of December 2014, there are no flatrates available. The included data volume is generally higher for fixed location service than for mobile service at the same price point. As of December 2014, both Deutsche Telekom and Vodafone limit the speed to 384 kbit/s after the data volume of between 10 and 30 GB is used up. UMTS/HSDPA with up to 42.2 Mbit/s and LTE with up to 375 Mbit/s is offered by all four network operators: Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone, o2, and E-Plus. In 2013, Chip measured average downstream UMTS/GPRS data rates of between 2.4 and 7.9 Mbit/s and average downstream LTE/UMTS/GPRS data rates of between 3.2 and 16.0 Mbit/s, depending on both provider and location (rural vs. city). In the same test, LTE coverage was measured at between 15% and 80%, depending on provider and location (rural vs. city). A typical 2-year contract with 2GB of LTE speed, unlimited minutes and texts costs around €40 per month. History Early history The first Internet email from the US to Germany was sent in 1984. Germany was the third country on CSNET, after the U.S. initiated the network in 1981 and Israel joined earlier in 1984. The postal service Deutsche Bundespost held a monopoly on telecommunications until 1989. Thereafter, Deutsche Telekom was spun off as a separate company, in preparation for the privatization of the postal service. As a government run and owned corporation, Deutsche Telekom effectively remained the monopoly ISP until its privatization in 1995, and the dominant ISP thereafter. Until the 21st century, Deutsche Telekom controlled almost all Internet access by individuals and small businesses. Bildschirmtext (BTX) was an early data network service offered by Deutsche Bundespost starting in 1983. Later, under the tenure of Deutsche Telekom, it was marketed as an alternative to the Internet, but was discontinued by 2001. DSL Prior to the introduction of DSL and cable internet, voice-band modems and ISDN BRI were the most common residential internet access technologies. ISDN was widespread, with 333 ISDN BRIs per 1000 persons in 2005. DSL was introduced in Germany by Deutsche Telekom on July 1, 1999, under the brand name T-DSL, with 768 kbit/s downstream and 128 kbit/s upstream. T-DSL speeds were increased by Deutsche Telekom to 1536/192 kbit/s upstream/downstream in September 2002, 3072/384 kbit/s in April 2004, and 6016/576 kbit/s in mid-2005. Deutsche Telekom introduced ADSL2+ service with 16000/1024 kbit/s in spring 2006 and VDSL2 with 50000/10000 kbit/s triple play service under the brand name Entertain in October 2006. VDSL2 service without bundled IPTV was introduced in June 2009. In 2011, Deutsche Telekom introduced Voice over IP (VoIP) services over ADSL2+ Annex J. In February 2013, Deutsche Telekom started switching existing POTS and ISDN voice service subscribers to VoIP service. In August 2014, Deutsche Telekom became the first service provider to offer vectored VDSL2 using G.vector technology, offering 100/40 Mbit/s. In 1998, the Federal Network Agency (BNetzA) established regulations for local loop unbundling, enabling providers such as Vodafone, Telefónica Germany (O2), QSC, and Versatel to rent the local loop from the incumbent Deutsche Telekom and to operate their own access networks, placing their DSLAMs either in their own central offices (CO) or co-located with the incumbent's. These ISPs either offered their services directly to the subscriber, or sold bit-stream access to other ISPs. To compete with the incumbent's POTS and ISDN voice services, alternative providers introduced voice over IP (VoIP) bundled with their DSL internet services under the name Komplettanschluss. Starting in 2004, Deutsche Telekom provided IP-level bitstream access to other providers under the name T-DSL resale. The "resold" T-DSL was only available to subscribers of Deutsche Telekom's POTS/ISDN service. In July 2008, Deutsche Telekom introduced bitstream access which does not require the incumbent's POTS/ISDN service, enabling competing ISPs to provide combined internet and VoIP service (Komplettanschluss) on Deutsche Telekom-operated local loops. G.vector is not compatible with local loop unbundling, because G.vector can only be feasibly deployed by one provider per serving area interface. The regulator BNetzA conceived a "vectoring list", on which providers can claim cabinets on a first-come-first-served basis. To prevent a monopoly, this provider is required to offer bit-stream access to its competitors. Cable Cable internet access in Germany began with pilot projects in December 2003 and wide deployment followed in late 2004. A number of political reasons prevented an earlier market adoption of cable internet in Germany. Until 2001, Deutsche Telekom was the monopoly owner of the German coax cable network, and had no intention to offer in-house competition to its DSL service. Pressure from regulatory agencies forced Deutsche Telekom to sell its cable network, however Deutsche Telekom took measures to delay a possible cable internet offering. LTE LTE internet access was introduced by Deutsche Telekom in 2010 and by Vodafone in 2011. As part of the 2010 spectrum auction, the regulatory agency BNetzA required bidders to use the spectrum to provide broadband internet access to regions with only limited land-line broadband (DSL, cable, FTTH) access. For the purpose of land-line broadband replacement, Deutsche Telekom and Vodafone introduced fixed location LTE service. Internet censorship and surveillance Internet censorship in Germany is practiced by law as well as the effect of some court decisions. An example of content censored by law is the removal of web sites from Google search results that deny the holocaust, which is a felony under German law. Most cases of Internet censorship in Germany, however, occur after state court rulings. One example is a 2009 court order, forbidding German Wikipedia to disclose the identity of Wolfgang Werlé and Manfred Lauber, two criminals convicted of the murder of the Bavarian actor Walter Sedlmayr. In another case, Wikipedia.de (an Internet domain run by Wikimedia Deutschland) was prohibited from pointing to the actual Wikipedia content. The court order was as a temporary injunction in a case filed by politician Lutz Heilmann over claims in a German Wikipedia article regarding his past involvement with the former German Democratic Republic's intelligence service Stasi. Notes See also Internet censorship in Germany Pirate Party Germany References
Phase retrieval is the process of algorithmically finding solutions to the phase problem. Given a complex signal , of amplitude , and phase : where x is an M-dimensional spatial coordinate and k is an M-dimensional spatial frequency coordinate. Phase retrieval consists of finding the phase that satisfies a set of constraints for a measured amplitude. Important applications of phase retrieval include X-ray crystallography, transmission electron microscopy and coherent diffractive imaging, for which . Uniqueness theorems for both 1-D and 2-D cases of the phase retrieval problem, including the phaseless 1-D inverse scattering problem, were proven by Klibanov and his collaborators (see References). Problem formulation Here we consider 1-D discrete Fourier transform (DFT) phase retrieval problem. The DFT of a complex signal is given by , and the oversampled DFT of is given by , where . Since the DFT operator is bijective, this is equivalent to recovering the phase . It is common recovering a signal from its autocorrelation sequence instead of its Fourier magnitude. That is, denote by the vector after padding with zeros. The autocorrelation sequence of is then defined as , and the DFT of , denoted by , satisfies . Methods Error reduction algorithm The error reduction is a generalization of the Gerchberg–Saxton algorithm. It solves for from measurements of by iterating a four-step process. For the th iteration the steps are as follows: Step (1): , , and are estimates of, respectively, , and . In the first step we calculate the Fourier transform of : Step (2): The experimental value of , calculated from the diffraction pattern via the signal equation, is then substituted for , giving an estimate of the Fourier transform: where the ' denotes an intermediate result that will be discarded later on. Step (3): the estimate of the Fourier transform is then inverse Fourier transformed: Step (4): then must be changed so that the new estimate of the object, , satisfies the object constraints. is therefore defined piecewise as: where is the domain in which does not satisfy the object constraints. A new estimate is obtained and the four step process is repeated. This process is continued until both the Fourier constraint and object constraint are satisfied. Theoretically, the process will always lead to a convergence, but the large number of iterations needed to produce a satisfactory image (generally >2000) results in the error-reduction algorithm by itself being unsuitable for practical applications. Hybrid input-output algorithm The hybrid input-output algorithm is a modification of the error-reduction algorithm - the first three stages are identical. However, no longer acts as an estimate of , but the input function corresponding to the output function , which is an estimate of . In the fourth step, when the function violates the object constraints, the value of is forced towards zero, but optimally not to zero. The chief advantage of the hybrid input-output algorithm is that the function contains feedback information concerning previous iterations, reducing the probability of stagnation. It has been shown that the hybrid input-output algorithm converges to a solution significantly faster than the error reduction algorithm. Its convergence rate can be further improved through step size optimization algorithms. Here is a feedback parameter which can take a value between 0 and 1. For most applications, gives optimal results.{Scientific Reports volume 8, Article number: 6436 (2018)} Shrinkwrap For a two dimensional phase retrieval problem, there is a degeneracy of solutions as and its conjugate have the same Fourier modulus. This leads to "image twinning" in which the phase retrieval algorithm stagnates producing an image with features of both the object and its conjugate. The shrinkwrap technique periodically updates the estimate of the support by low-pass filtering the current estimate of the object amplitude (by convolution with a Gaussian) and applying a threshold, leading to a reduction in the image ambiguity. Semidefinite relaxation-based algorithm for short time Fourier transform The phase retrieval is an ill-posed problem. To uniquely identify the underlying signal, in addition to the methods that adds additional prior information like Gerchberg–Saxton algorithm, the other way is to add magnitude-only measurements like short time Fourier transform (STFT). The method introduced below mainly based on the work of Jaganathan et al. Short time Fourier transform Given a discrete signal which is sampled from . We use a window of length W: to compute the STFT of , denoted by : for and , where the parameter denotes the separation in time between adjacent short-time sections and the parameter denotes the number of short-time sections considered. The other interpretation (called sliding window interpretation) of STFT can be used with the help of discrete Fourier transform (DFT). Let denotes the window element obtained from shifted and flipped window . Then we have , where . Problem definition Let be the measurements corresponding to the magnitude-square of the STFT of , be the diagonal matrix with diagonal elements STFT phase retrieval can be stated as: Find such that for and , where is the -th column of the -point inverse DFT matrix. Intuitively, the computational complexity growing with makes the method impractical. In fact, however, for the most cases in practical we only need to consider the measurements corresponding to , for any parameter satisfying . To be more specifically, if both the signal and the window are not vanishing, that is, for all and for all , signal can be uniquely identified from its STFT magnitude if the following requirements are satisfied: , . The proof can be found in Jaganathan' s work, which reformulates STFT phase retrieval as the following least-squares problem: . The algorithm, although without theoretical recovery guarantees, empirically able to converge to the global minimum when there is substantial overlap between adjacent short-time sections. Semidefinite relaxation-based algorithm To establish recovery guarantees, one way is to formulate the problems as a semidefinite program (SDP), by embedding the problem in a higher dimensional space using the transformation and relax the rank-one constraint to obtain a convex program. The problem reformulated is stated below: Obtain by solving:for and Once is found, we can recover signal by best rank-one approximation. Applications Phase retrieval is a key component of coherent diffraction imaging (CDI). In CDI, the intensity of the diffraction pattern scattered from a target is measured. The phase of the diffraction pattern is then obtained using phase retrieval algorithms and an image of the target is constructed. In this way, phase retrieval allows for the conversion of a diffraction pattern into an image without an optical lens. Using phase retrieval algorithms, it is possible to characterize complex optical systems and their aberrations. For example, phase retrieval was used to diagnose and repair the flawed optics of the Hubble Space Telescope. Other applications of phase retrieval include X-ray crystallography and transmission electron microscopy. See also Phase problem Crystallography X-ray crystallography Coherent diffraction imaging Transport-of-Intensity Equation Phase correlation References Crystallography Mathematical physics Mathematical chemistry Inverse problems
In the context of live-action and computer animation, interpolation is inbetweening, or filling in frames between the key frames. It typically calculates the in-between frames through use of (usually) piecewise polynomial interpolation to draw images semi-automatically. For all applications of this type, a set of "key points" is defined by the graphic artist. These are values that are rather widely separated in space or time, and represent the desired result, but only in very coarse steps. The computed interpolation process is then used to insert many new values in between these key points to give a "smoother" result. In its simplest form, this is the drawing of two-dimensional curves. The key points, placed by the artist, are used by the computer algorithm to form a smooth curve either through, or near these points. For a typical example of 2-D interpolation through key points see cardinal spline. For examples which go near key points see nonuniform rational B-spline, or Bézier curve. This is extended to the forming of three-dimensional curves, shapes and complex, dynamic artistic patterns such as used in laser light shows. The process can be extended to motions. The path of an object can be interpolated by providing some key locations, then calculating many in between locations for a smooth motion. In addition to position, the speed or velocity, as well as accelerations along a path, can be calculated to mimic real-life motion dynamics. Where the subjects are too large or complex to move, the camera position and orientation can be moved by this process. This last is commonly called motion control. Going further, orientations (rotations) of objects and parts of objects can be interpolated as well as parts of complete characters. This process mimics that used in early cartoon films. Master animators would draw key frames of the film, then, junior animators would draw the in-between frames. This is called inbetweening or tweening and the overall process is called "key frame animation". To make these motions appear realistic, interpolation algorithms have been sought which follow, or approximate real life motion dynamics. This applies to things such as the motion of arms and legs from frame to frame, or the motion of all parts of a face, given the motion of the important, key points of the face. Defining the motion of key strands of hair, spread around an animal, can be made into full fur. Using custom algorithms, motions with unique, unnatural and entertaining visual characteristics can be formed. The color of an object can be defined by key color-locations or frames allowing the computation of smooth color gradients around an object or varying in time. Algorithms such as the Kochanek–Bartels spline provide additional adjustment parameters which allow customizing the in-between behavior to suit a wide variety of situations. Another important area of this subject is the computational burden of these algorithms. Algorithms with faster execution times are sought to produce more of these results in less time in order to complete these projects quicker. As the resolution increases to produce animated feature films, the amount of processing can increase greatly. See also Morphing Motion interpolation References Splines (mathematics) Interpolation
EasyChair is a web-based conference management software system. It has been used since 2002 in the scientific community for tasks such as organising research paper submission and review. In 2012, EasyChair began offering an open access online publication service for conference proceedings. Description EasyChair is a paid web-based conference management software system used, among other tasks, to organise paper submission and review, similar to other event management system software such as OpenConf. EasyChair used to be run by the Department of Computer Science at the University of Manchester but now it is a commercial service, owned by EasyChair Ltd. in Stockport (established 2016). EasyChair used to be free, for standard service, but as of 2022, only minimal services (max. 20 submissions) are free. The EasyChair website also provides an open access online publication service for conference proceedings. When launched in 2012, the service was for computer science only, but in 2016 it was expanded to all sciences. History The EasyChair software has been in continuous development since 2002. , the code base consist of nearly 300,000 lines of code, and it has been used by more than 41,000 conferences. More than two and a half million users in the scientific community reported using it in 2019. See also Abstract management Academic conference References External links Academic conferences Web applications Department of Computer Science, University of Manchester Abstract management software
Head First or Headfirst may refer to: Music Head First (The Babys album) (1979) Head First (Badfinger album) (recorded 1974, released 2000) Head First (Goldfrapp album) (2010), or its title track Head First (Uriah Heep album) (1983) "Head First", a song by Aerosmith from the Get a Grip sessions Other Media Head First (book series), a series of books on computer programming by Kathy Sierra and Bert Bates HeadFirst PD, a library of public-domain software Headfirst Productions, a defunct UK video game studio Head First (TV series), Australian 2010s TV documentary series "Head First", an episode of the sitcom The King of Queens Headfirst (La Tête la première), a 2012 Belgian film starring Alice de Lencquesaing Linguistics Head-first, a property whereby a word comes before the words that modify it
The MSU Lossless Video Codec is a video codec developed by the Graphics & Media Lab Video Group of Moscow State University. It was designed to provide space-effective lossless video compression. As of 2007 MSU had the second-best compression ratio when compared to many other lossless video codecs, with the better result shown by YULS codec. Description MSU Lossless Video Codec is available as a Video for Windows codec. It can be used from such applications as VirtualDub or Adobe Premiere. Possible input formats are RGB24 (RGB), RGB32, YUY2, YUYV and YV12. The codec is available free of charge for non-commercial use. the commercial license is unavailable. The source code of codec is unavailable. Despite its name, the codec has several lossy modes. Release history References Video codecs Lossless compression algorithms
The software library wv, also known as wvware or by its previous name mswordview, is a set of free software programs licensed under the GNU General Public License which can be used for viewing and/or converting files in the Microsoft .doc format to plain text, LaTeX, HTML or other formats. The wv library provides several tools on the command line of a Unix shell, such as wvText for converting a .doc file to a plain text file. It is used by the program abiword, which provides a GUI interface for reading .doc files. See also Antiword References External links http://wvware.sourceforge.net/ Microsoft Office
Concept mapping and mind mapping software is used to create diagrams of relationships between concepts, ideas, or other pieces of information. It has been suggested that the mind mapping technique can improve learning and study efficiency up to 15% over conventional note-taking. Many software packages and websites allow creating or otherwise supporting mind maps. File format Using a standard file format allows interchange of files between various programs. Many programs listed below support the OPML file format and the XML file format used by FreeMind. Free and open-source The following tools comply with the Free Software Foundation's (FSF) definition of free software. As such, they are also open-source software. Freeware The following is a list of notable concept mapping and mind mapping applications which are freeware and available at no cost. Some are open source and others are proprietary software. Proprietary software The table below lists pieces of proprietary commercial software that allow creating mind and concept maps. See also Brainstorming List of Unified Modeling Language tools Outliner Study software References External links Concept mapping mn:Санааг зураглагч програмнууд simple:Diagramming software sv:Diagramprogram
Michael Barr may refer to: Michael Barr (mathematician) (born 1937), Canadian mathematician Michael Barr (software engineer), American software engineer Michael Preston Barr (1927–2009), American pop music composer Michael Barr (U.S. official), American professor Michael Barr (died 2016), Irish murder victim, see murder of Michael Barr Michael Barr, vocalist of metalcore band Volumes See also Mike Barr (disambiguation) Mick Barr, American guitarist
Dmitri Dolgov is a Russian-American engineer who is the co-chief executive officer of Waymo. Previously, he worked on self-driving cars at Toyota and Stanford University for the DARPA Grand Challenge (2007). Dolgov then joined Waymo's predecessor, Google's Self-Driving Car Project, where he served as an engineer and head of software. He has also been Google X's lead scientist. Early life and education Dmitri Dolgov was born in the Russian SFSR and raised in Moscow. He traveled often, living in Japan for a year and attending high school in the United States before returning to Russia. Dolgov earned his Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in physics and math from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology in 1998 and 2000, respectively, followed by a Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Michigan. He completed postdoctoral research at Stanford University. Career Early in his career, Dolgov worked on self-driving cars at Toyota's Research Institute and as part of Stanford's team for the DARPA Grand Challenge (2007). IEEE Intelligent Systems named him one of "AI's 10 to Watch — the Future of AI" in 2008. In 2009, Dolgov joined the original team of Google's Self-Driving Car Project, which became Waymo in 2016. He started as an engineer for Google, then became the lead scientist with Google X in 2014, before replacing Chris Urmson as the autonomous driving project's head of software in 2016. Dolgov became Waymo's chief technology officer and vice president of engineering, where he oversaw both hardware and software development. In 2018, he testified on behalf of Waymo in the company's trade secrets lawsuit against Uber, and he and then-chief executive officer (CEO) John Krafcik received American Ingenuity Awards from Smithsonian magazine. In 2021, Dolgov and Tekedra Mawakana became co-CEOs, replacing Krafcik. Dolgov focuses on the company's technology and Mawakana oversees business operations. In 2021, Pete Bigelow of Automotive News said the duo have a "somewhat unusual power-sharing arrangement", and have "developed a close working relationship and have been heavily involved in Waymo's most high-profile milestones". He is an inventor with more than 90 patents, as of September 2018. Personal life Dolgov is a U.S. citizen. Publications See also List of University of Michigan alumni References External links Dmitri Dolgov at Bloomberg News Dmitri Dolgov at CNBC Dmitri Dolgov at Computer History Museum Living people Chief executive officers Chief technology officers Google people Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology alumni Engineers from Moscow Russian emigrants to the United States University of Michigan alumni Waymo employees Year of birth missing (living people) 1970s births
9965 GNU, provisional designation , is a background asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 5 March 1992, by astronomer of the Spacewatch program at the Kitt Peak National Observatory in Arizona, United States. The uncertain D-type asteroid has a long rotation period of 39.7 hours. It was named for the free-software GNU Project. Orbit and classification GNU is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the inner asteroid belt at a distance of 2.0–2.8 AU once every 3 years and 9 months (1,373 days; semi-major axis of 2.42 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.17 and an inclination of 12° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its first observation as at La Silla Observatory in January 1988, or 4 years prior to its official discovery observation at Kitt Peak. Physical characteristics GNU has been characterized as a dark D-type asteroid by Pan-STARRS survey and in the SDSS-based taxonomy. It is also an assumed S-type asteroid, the most common type in the inner asteroid belt. Rotation period In September and October 2012, two rotational lightcurves of GNU were obtained from photometric observations by astronomers at the Palomar Transient Factory in California. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 39.720 and 39.745 hours, with a brightness amplitude of 0.36 and 0.42 magnitude in the R- and S-band, respectively (). While not being a slow rotator, GNU period is significantly longer than the average spin rate of 2 to 20 hours, seen among the majority of asteroids. Diameter and albedo According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, GNU measures between 2.07 and 6.293 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.102 and 0.53. The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for a stony asteroid of 0.20 and calculates a diameter of 4.10 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 14.3. Naming This minor planet was named for the free-software GNU Project, created by Richard Stallman 1984. GNU is the recursive acronym for "GNU is not Unix". The collaborative projects enables programmers to trade and improve upon free software. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 11 November 2000 (). References External links Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info ) Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (5001)-(10000) – Minor Planet Center 009965 009965 Named minor planets 19920305
An ontology chart is a type of chart used in semiotics and software engineering to illustrate an ontology. Overview The nodes of an ontology chart represent universal affordances and rarely represent particulars. The exception is the root which is a particular agent often labelled ‘society’ and located on the extreme left of an ontology chart. The root is often dropped in practice but is implied in every ontology chart. If any other particular is present in an ontology chart it is recognised by the ‘#’ sign prefix and upper case letters. In our ontology chart the node labelled #IBM is a particular organisation. The arcs represent ontological dependency relations directed from left to right. The right affordance is ontologically dependent on the left affordance. The left affordance is the ontological antecedent of the right affordance. A special category of affordances are determiners. They are recognised by the ‘#’ sign prefix. The two examples above are #hourly rate and #name. All determiners have a second antecedent – the measurement standard. They are usually dropped from the ontology chart but they are implied and obvious. In the case of hourly rate and name they are currency and language respectively. The names on the arcs are role names of the carrier, the left node, in the relationship node on the right. For example, the ‘employee’ is the role name of a person while in employment. No ontology chart node has more than two ontological antecedents. Where you find an arc on the ontology chart between a role name and a node, read that as an arc between the right hand side of the role name. So the arc from employee to works at is an arc between employment and works at Mathematically, ontology charts are a graphical representation of semi-lattice structures; specifically they are Hasse diagrams of a single root and no cycles. Ontological dependency is a relationship known mathematically as a partial order set relation (poset). Posets are an object of study in the mathematical discipline of order theory. They belong to the class of binary relations but they have three additional properties: reflexivity, anti-symmetry and transitivity. Ontological dependency is a special poset because it is a binary relation, every thing is ontologically dependent on itself for its existence, two things that are mutually ontologically dependent must be the same thing and if a depends on b and b depends on c then a depends on c. The last of these properties - the transitive property of posets - was exploited by Helmut Hasse to give us the Hasse diagram - a diagram of incredible power, simplicity and if drawn well elegant as well. Because ontology charts have a root that all affordances (realisations/things) are ultimately dependent upon for their existence, they are graphical representation of semi-lattices. See also Semantic analysis (knowledge representation) Human Computer Interaction References Further reading Ades, Y, Farouk Ben-Oman, Iman Poernomo, George Tsaramirsis (2007). Mapping Ontology Charts to Class Diagrams, ICOS2007. Ades, Y. (1999). "Semantic Normal Form: Compliance". In: Proc. Workshop on Organisational Semiotics, Almelo October 12–14, University of Twente. BCS (2004). The Challenges of Complex IT Projects. The report of a working group from The Royal Academy of Engineering and The British Computer Society, April Kecheng, L. (2000) Semiotics in information systems engineering. Cambridge University Press. Stamper, R.K. and Ades, Y.(2004) "Semantic Normal Form and System Quality". In: Proc. IEE Conference on Requirements Engineering, Kyoto, 2004 Ronald Stamper, Backhouse, J., Marche, S., Althaus, K. (1987) "Semantic Normal Form?". In: Proc. of Informatics 9. Conference jointly sponsored by Aslib & BCS, Kings College, Cambridge 26–27 March. Ronald Stamper (1994). "Social norms in requirements analysis – an outline of MEASUR" Chapter 5 of Requirements Engineering: Social and Technical Issues. Edited by Jirotka, M. and Gougen, J.. New York Academic Press. Ronald Stamper (1996): "Signs, Information, Norms and Systems". In B. Holmqvist et al. (eds). Signs at Work. De Gruyter, Berlin 349-397 External links Semantic Analysis Toolkit Charts Ontology (information science)
Pen-Link, Ltd., (PenLink) is a software company that develops enterprise-grade communications surveillance data collection and analysis solutions for domestic law enforcement. Their flagship products include PLX and PenPoint. One of the more publicized uses of PenLink's products was during the Laci Peterson murder case, where wiretaps taken with Pen-Link 8 and LINCOLN2 were used as evidence against Scott Peterson. See also Lawful interception Communications Assistance For Law Enforcement Act References https://www.kearneyhub.com/news/local/pen-link-employees-cash-in-on-growing-surveillance-business/article_80216234-5028-5e21-9e8d-6ae6edcbae08.html Surveillance
You Are The Ref is a British comic strip which has run in various publications since 1957, featuring a series of improbable hypothetical football scenarios that then invites the reader to make the refereeing decision. Created by sports artist Paul Trevillion, also famous for Roy of the Rovers, the strip features contributions from several top referees, and was collected into an official book in 2006. From 2006 to 2016 it featured online on theguardian.com. and in The Observer newspaper. Publication history The evolution of the strip began in 1952 in the Tottenham Hotspur magazine The Lillywhite, which featured a cartoon quiz by Paul Trevillion. The quiz included one question per issue on refereeing. Five years later, The People newspaper signed Trevillion to produce a dedicated refereeing cartoon quiz, and gave it the title Hey Ref. In the 1960s, the strip began appearing in a much larger format alongside Trevillion's work for Roy of the Rovers in official Roy annuals, under the title If You Were The Ref. But it was in 1969 that the strip took on its famous name, when it moved to be part of newly launched children's football magazine Shoot. The strip continued to run until 1983. Trevillion returned to You Are The Ref in 2006, producing new artwork for the strip for the first time in over 20 years, which was published in The Observer newspaper. Later that year, a book was published collecting the history of the strip. In 2008, You Are The Ref also appeared on the BBC's Euro 2008 blog, and on the website of The Guardian. In its most recent incarnation it relied on reader submissions for the three questions posed each week. As well as the illustrated questions, each strip includes a portrait of a well-known footballing person. New full colour feature strips were produced for The Observer until 2016. the most recent publication is a book published by Octopus Books in October 2018. In June 2010, in advance of the 2010 FIFA World Cup, You Are The Ref was released as an iPhone / iPod Touch game developed by game developer Four Door Lemon. Referees When the strip moved to Shoot in 1969, leading referee Stan Lover, head of the London referees' association, was taken on to provide the answers to the questions You Are The Ref posed each week. In subsequent years, Lover was replaced by Clive Thomas, and then by Keith Hackett, who provided the answers in The Observer strips. You Are The Umpire A cricketing equivalent, You Are The Umpire, also drawn by Trevillion, took You Are The Refs place in The Observer during football off-seasons from 2007 to 2016. Umpire John Holder provided the expert answers. Books (electronic edition) References External links You Are The Ref section of theguardian.com British comics
A radar chart is a graphical method of displaying multivariate data in the form of a two-dimensional chart of three or more quantitative variables represented on axes starting from the same point. The relative position and angle of the axes is typically uninformative, but various heuristics, such as algorithms that plot data as the maximal total area, can be applied to sort the variables (axes) into relative positions that reveal distinct correlations, trade-offs, and a multitude of other comparative measures. The radar chart is also known as web chart, spider chart, spider graph, spider web chart, star chart, star plot, cobweb chart, irregular polygon, polar chart, or Kiviat diagram. It is equivalent to a parallel coordinates plot, with the axes arranged radially. Overview The radar chart is a chart and/or plot that consists of a sequence of equi-angular spokes, called radii, with each spoke representing one of the variables. The data length of a spoke is proportional to the magnitude of the variable for the data point relative to the maximum magnitude of the variable across all data points. A line is drawn connecting the data values for each spoke. This gives the plot a star-like appearance and the origin of one of the popular names for this plot. The star plot can be used to answer the following questions: Which observations are most similar, i.e., are there clusters of observations? (Radar charts are used to examine the relative values for a single data point (e.g., point 3 is large for variables 2 and 4, small for variables 1, 3, 5, and 6) and to locate similar points or dissimilar points.) Are there outliers? Radar charts are a useful way to display multivariate observations with an arbitrary number of variables. Each star represents a single observation. Typically, radar charts are generated in a multi-plot format with many stars on each page and each star representing one observation. The star plot was first used by Georg von Mayr in 1877. Radar charts differ from glyph plots in that all variables are used to construct the plotted star figure. There is no separation into foreground and background variables. Instead, the star-shaped figures are usually arranged in a rectangular array on the page. It is somewhat easier to see patterns in the data if the observations are arranged in some non-arbitrary order (if the variables are assigned to the rays of the star in some meaningful order). Applications Radar charts can be used in sports to chart players' strengths and weaknesses by calculating various statistics related to the player that can tracked along the central axis of the chart. Examples include a basketball players shots made, rebounds, assists, etc., or the batting or pitching stats of a baseball player. This creates a centralized visualization of the strengths and weaknesses of a player, and if overlapped with the statistics of other players or league averages, can display where a player excels and where they could improve. These insights into player strengths and weakness could prove crucial to player development as it allows coaches and trainers to adjust a player's training regiment to help improve on their weaknesses. The results of the radar chart can also be useful in situational play. If a batter is shown to hit poorly against left-handed pitching, then his team knows to limit his plate appearances against left-handed pitchers, while the opposing team may try to force a situation where the batter is forced to hit against the pitcher. Another application of radar charts is the control of quality improvement to display the performance metrics various objects including computer programs, computers, phones, vehicles, and more. Computer programmer often use analytics to test the performance of their programs versus others. An example of this where radar charts may be useful is the performance analysis of various sorting algorithms. A programmer could gather up several different sorting algorithms such as selection, bubble, and quick, then analyze the performance of these algorithms by measuring their speed, memory usage, and power usage, then graph these on a radar chart to see how each sort performs under various sizes of data. Another performance application is measuring the performance of similar cars against each other. A consumer could look at variables such as the cars’ top speed, miles per gallon, horsepower, and torque. Then after using a radar chart to visualize the data, they could decide on what car is best for them based on the results. Radar charts can be used in life sciences to display the strengths and weakness of drugs and other medications. Using the example of two anti-depressants, a researcher can rank variables such as efficacy, side effects, cost, etc. on a scale of one to ten. They could then graph the results using a radar chart to see the spread of variables and find how the differ, such as one anti-depressant being cheaper and quicker acting, but not having great relief over time. Meanwhile, the other anti-depressant provides stronger relief and holds up better over time but is more expensive. Another life science application is in patient analysis. Radar charts can be used to graph the variables of life affecting a person's wellness, and then be analyzed to help them. A more specific example is in the case of athletes, whose various wellness habits such as sleep, diet, and stress are monitored to make sure they stay in peak physical condition. If any areas would be shown dipping, doctors and trainers could step in to assist the athlete and improve their wellness. Limitations Radar charts are primarily suited for strikingly showing outliers and commonality, or when one chart is greater in every variable than another, and primarily used for ordinal measurements – where each variable corresponds to "better" in some respect, and all variables on the same scale. Conversely, radar charts have been criticized as poorly suited for making trade-off decisions – when one chart is greater than another on some variables, but less on others. Further, it is hard to visually compare lengths of different spokes, because radial distances are hard to judge, though concentric circles help as grid lines. Instead, one may use a simple line graph, particularly for time series. Radar charts can distort data to some extent, especially when areas are filled in, because the area contained becomes proportional to the square of the linear measures. For example, in a chart with 5 variables that range from 1 to 100, the area contained by the polygon bounded by 5 points when all measures are 90, is more than 10% larger than the same for a chart with all values of 82. Radar charts can also become hard to visually compare between different samples on the chart when their values are close as their lines or areas bleed into each other, as shown in Figure 5. Artificial structure Radar charts impose several structures on data, which are often artificial: Relatedness of neighbors – radar charts are often used when neighboring variables are unrelated, creating spurious connections. Cyclic structure – the first and last variables are placed next to each other. Length – variables are often most naturally ordinal: better or worse, though the degree of difference may be artificial. Area – area scales as the square of values, exaggerating the effect of large numbers. For example, 2, 2 takes up 4 times the area of 1, 1. This is a general issue with area graphs, and area is hard to judge – see "Cleveland's hierarchy". For example, the alternating data 9, 1, 9, 1, 9, 1 yields a spiking radar chart (which goes in and out), while reordering the data as 9, 9, 9, 1, 1, 1 instead yields two distinct wedges (sectors). In some cases there is a natural structure, and radar charts can be well-suited. For example, for diagrams of data that vary over a 24-hour cycle, the hourly data is naturally related to its neighbor, and has a cyclic structure, so it can naturally be displayed as a radar chart. One set of guidelines on the use of radar charts (or rather the closely related "polar area graph") is: you don't mind reading stacked areas instead of position along a common scale (see Cleveland's Hierarchy), the data set is truly cyclic, not linear, and there are two series to compare, one much smaller than the other Data set size Radar charts are helpful for small-to-moderate-sized multivariate data sets. Their primary weakness is that their effectiveness is limited to data sets with less than a few hundred points. After that, they tend to be overwhelming. Further, when using radar charts with multiple dimensions or samples, the radar chart may become cluttered and harder to interpret as the number of samples grows. For example, take the batting stats table comparing MLB 2021 MVP Shohei Ohtani, vs the stats of the leagues average designated hitters and some Hall of Fame players. These stats represent the percentage of hits, home runs, strike outs, etc. per at bat of a player. For more information on what each stat used in the table represents, you can refer to this reference by the MLB. We will use this table below to create Radar charts comparing the 2021 MVP batting stats to the league averages for Designated Hitters and regular batters, in an attempt to visualize performance metrics and visually come to a conclusion that Shohei out performed the average player. Next we will include additional samples into the Radar chart, using Hall of Fame players Jackie Robinson, Jim Thome, and Frank Thomas to compare Shohei to a few of the greatest batters of all time. This Radar chart not only can give us intuition of how Shohei compares to the top historical players, but will also serve a purpose in showing the limitations of having too many samples in a Radar chart. We can see in Figure 10 how a radar chart can be easily interpreted when the number of spokes and samples is relatively small. When we compare more samples in Figure 11, even without an area fill on the radar chart, it becomes apparent how difficult it can become to interpret or make trade-off decisions. Example The chart on the right contains the star plots of 15 cars. The variable list for the sample star plot is: Price Mileage (MPG) 1978 Repair Record (1 = Worst, 5 = Best) 1977 Repair Record (1 = Worst, 5 = Best) Headroom Rear Seat Room Trunk Space Weight Length We can look at these plots individually or we can use them to identify clusters of cars with similar features. For example, we can look at the star plot of the Cadillac Seville (the last one on the image) and see that it is one of the most expensive cars, gets below average (but not among the worst) gas mileage, has an average repair record, and has average-to-above-average roominess and size. We can then compare the Cadillac models (the last three plots) with the AMC models (the first three plots). This comparison shows distinct patterns. The AMC models tend to be inexpensive, have below average gas mileage, and are small in both height and weight and in roominess. The Cadillac models are expensive, have poor gas mileage, and are large in both size and roominess. Alternatives One may use line graphs for time series and other data, in the form of parallel coordinates. For graphical qualitative comparison of 2-dimensional tabular data in several variables, a common alternative are Harvey balls, which are used extensively by Consumer Reports. Comparison in Harvey balls (and radar charts) may be significantly aided by ordering the variables algorithmically to add order. An excellent way for visualising structures within multivariate data is offered by principal component analysis (PCA). Another alternative is to use small, inline bar charts, which may be compared to sparklines. Although radar and polar charts are often described as the same chart types, some sources make a difference between them and even consider the radar chart to be a polar chart's variation that does not display data in terms of polar coordinate. See also Plan position indicator Plot (graphics) Polar area diagram Parallel coordinates Radial tree References External links Star Plot – NIST/SEMATECH e-Handbook of Statistical Methods Charts Statistical charts and diagrams
JPIP (JPEG 2000 Interactive Protocol) is a compression streamlining protocol that works with JPEG 2000 to produce an image using the least bandwidth required. It can be very useful for medical and environmental awareness purposes, among others, and many implementations of it are currently being produced, including the HiRISE camera's pictures, among others. JPIP has the capacity to download only the requested part of a picture, saving bandwidth, computer processing on both ends, and time. It allows for the relatively quick viewing of a large image in low resolution, as well as a higher resolution part of the same image. Using JPIP, it is possible to view large images (1 gigapixel) on relatively light weight hardware such as PDAs. Healthcare Applications of JPIP JPIP helps address the growing need to access medical images fast while enabling interoperability in clinical and radiological system. Typical healthcare applications for JPIP streaming include teleradiology, health information exchange, electronic medical records, electronic health records and personal health record. One of the world's leaders in incorporating JPIP is Canada Health Infoway where they are developing nationwide access to diagnostic imaging in electronic health records. Interoperability using JPIP JPIP is a client/server communication protocol defined in Part 9 of the JPEG2000 suite of standards, (ISO/IEC 15444-9). It is a transfer syntax in DICOM, adopted in Supplement 106. Some proprietary software incorporates streaming but DICOM supplement 106 stipulates JPIP as the only transfer syntax method by which to stream medical images in a DICOM conformant manner. References Overview of JPEG 2000, jpeg.org JPEG 2000 Interactive Protocol (Part 9 - JPIP) - ISO/IEC IS 15444-9 JPEG 2000 Interactive Protocol (Part 9 - JPIP) - ITU-T T.808 CADISoftware — an Open Source implementation of the JPIP protocol What JPIP is used for? , FAQ according to MISB: Motion Imagery Standards Board JPEG Image compression
Twelve Sky, often referred to as 12 Sky, was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game. It is Korean developer Alt1's first released game set in the Oriental Fantasy universe launched in its home market in 2004. Aeria Games announced Twelve Sky Closed Beta on September 5, 2007. The Closed Beta date was set to be on September 18, 2007. Twelve Sky then went into Open Beta on October 12, 2007. AeriaGames announced the closing of the game on April 6, 2010 on their forums. The game officially closed on April 30, 2010 with their item mall closing on April 13, 2010. There are multiple private servers running as of 2023 for the EU/NA communities, most prominent among them is the international project V-Sky, ran by Vortex Gaming. The main premise of V-Sky is constant new updates of the latest CN version of the game, including 4th new faction, the Hangin. Gameplay Starting Twelve Sky does not require the player to pay for a subscription. Each player can have 3 characters on a single account, with multiple accounts possible. Servers are all Player versus player (PvP) and Player versus environment (PvE). On any server a player may create characters belonging to only a single faction; Guanyin, Fujin or Jinong on any single account. To create a new character players must choose between the factions of Guanyin, Fujin or Jinong. Characters from the factions can communicate and trade with only players of their faction, with the exception of a single zone in the game, and form guilds with only their faction. Each faction has a unique appearance and skill set available to them and players much choose their play style based on the attributes of the separate factions. On-Going Gameplay As the player gains levels, they receive stat points which may be used to upgrade the four stats: Strength, Dexterity, Vitality and Chi. Characters may also form or join guilds. Characters in the same guild have a private chat channel, a shared guild name, guild storage and possibly battle in duels. Much Twelve Sky play involves questing, which through much of the game's story is told. Some quests are linked by a common theme, with the next quest triggered by the completion of the previous, forming a quest chain. Setting Twelve Sky takes place in a world based on Middle Ages China. The game features three main homelands, one for each faction. Although the game world remains reasonably similar from day to day, locations have changeable weather such as dust, snow and storms. A number of facilities are available to characters when in towns and cities. In the major cities of Twelve Sky, players can expect to see player hosted booths. Development Twelve Sky was first released by GigasSoft in Korea, 2004. Since then it has expanded to China, Japan, and North America. Regional Variations ALT1 distributes Twelve Sky in the following countries: Korea, China. Closing of the AeriaGames Version Aeria Games, the publisher of the English version of Twelve Sky, announced the closing of the game on April 6, 2010 on their forums, and officially closed the game on April 30, with their item mall closing on April 13. Twelve Sky NA The newest Twelve Sky (12Sky) Private Server launched on May 1, 2023 boasting reduced ping for North American players and updated in game features from the original version. Vortex Gaming Vortex Gaming has announced the grand reopening of 12Sky for the international English speaking community under the name of their project V-Sky. Closed beta testing took place on 2 February 2023. Early Engine GigasSoft was established at 8 December 2002 by C.E.O Changwoo-Hong and 15 employees. References IGN IGN IGN External links Alt1 Official US Twelve Sky website 2007 video games Massively multiplayer online role-playing games Fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing games Video games developed in South Korea Windows games Windows-only games Aeria Games games
The 111 Squadron "Jaeger" was formed when the Republic of Singapore Air Force acquired four Grumman E-2C Hawkeye Airborne Early Warning aircraft in 1987. Based at Tengah Air Base, its primary function is to perform airborne surveillance and early warning. Other functions include Aircraft Intercept Control, Surface Surveillance, Search and Rescue and Air Traffic Control. The unit is represented by the Jaeger, a vigilant and courageous hawk-like bird whose vigilance is aptly reflected in their motto "Vigilance in Control". History Since the early 1990s, as one of the signatory members of Five Power Defence Arrangements (FPDA), Singapore has regularly deployed the squadron's Hawkeye to participate in the air exercise part of the Integrated Air Defence System (IADS) phase. Overview In 2001, RSAF working together with the Defence Science and Technology Agency (DSTA) upgraded the entire computer and software systems of the E-2C. State-of-the-art equipment was adapted to the harsh military environment and millions of lines of code were rewritten. Interfaces between the various E-2C subsystems were also designed and enhanced. The RSAF acquired four Gulfstream G550 jets with the IAI EL/W-2085 Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) dual-band phased array radar (a newer derivative of the Phalcon system) for CAEW duties from Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) in 2007, at least 2 aircraft were delivered in late 2008 and are expected to be fully operational by 2010. Not included in the deal is an additional G550 as an AEW trainer, which will be acquired and maintained by ST Aerospace on behalf of RSAF. During the 2010 Singapore Airshow, the squadron unveiled the new aircraft, which had been further upgraded, at the display pavilion. Aircraft operated 4× E-2C Hawkeyes (USN BuNos 162793/162796, RSAF serials 011/012/014/015, 1987–2010s) 4× G550 CAEW (2008–present) References External links RSAF web page on 111 Sqn & Tengah Air Base (TAB) Video links Squadrons of the Republic of Singapore Air Force Tengah
A family of computer models is said to be compatible if certain software that runs on one of the models can also be run on all other models of the family. The computer models may differ in performance, reliability or some other characteristic. These differences may affect the outcome of the running of the software. Software compatibility Software compatibility can refer to the compatibility that a particular software has running on a particular CPU architecture such as Intel or PowerPC. Software compatibility can also refer to ability for the software to run on a particular operating system. Very rarely is a compiled software compatible with multiple different CPU architectures. Normally, an application is compiled for different CPU architectures and operating systems to allow it to be compatible with the different system. Interpreted software, on the other hand, can normally run on many different CPU architectures and operating systems if the interpreter is available for the architecture or operating system. Software incompatibility occurs many times for new software released for a newer version of an operating system which is incompatible with the older version of the operating system because it may miss some of the features and functionality that the software depends on. Hardware compatibility Hardware compatibility can refer to the compatibility of computer hardware components with a particular CPU architecture, bus, motherboard or operating system. Hardware that is compatible may not always run at its highest stated performance, but it can nevertheless work with legacy components. An example is RAM chips, some of which can run at a lower (or sometimes higher) clock rate than rated. Hardware that was designed for one operating system may not work for another, if device or kernel drivers are unavailable. As an example, much of the hardware for macOS is proprietary hardware with drivers unavailable for use in operating systems such as Linux. Free and open-source software See also Binary-code compatibility Compatibility layer Interchangeability Forward compatibility Backward compatibility Cross-platform Emulator List of computer standards Portability Plug compatible Hardware security References Interoperability Computer hardware Software
The karabin maszynowy obserwatora wz.37 (Polish for "Observers Machine Gun") is a Polish version of the Browning wz.1928. It was a flexible machine gun used in some Polish airplanes in the beginning of World War II. History In the mid-1930s, Polish small arms designer Wawrzyniec Lewandowski was given the task of developing a flexible gun based on the Browning wz.1928. The desired changes included raising the cyclical rate of fire to 1100 rds/min, replacing the buttstock with a spade grip at the rear of receiver, moving the main spring under barrel and, most importantly, changing the feed system. The gun's original 20 round box magazine was impractical with the gun's high rate of fire. A new feeding mechanism was added as a pack to the standard receiver. It contained a spring-loaded lever, which when cammed by the lock during locking would grab a round from a 91-round pan magazine located above the receiver and force the round into alignment to feed during unlocking. The weapon is the world's only specialised aerial flexible machine gun based closely on the Browning M1918, or "Browning Automatic Rifle". The wz.37 was dubbed "Szczeniak" (Polish for "pup") due to its lightness and compactness compared with previous Vickers E and Vickers F machine guns. The wz.37 was used mostly in Polish PZL.37 Łoś bombers. Users Similar Weapons MG 42, Nazi German References 7.92×57mm Mauser machine guns Light machine guns Machine guns of Poland World War II machine guns Aircraft guns
The European Neural Network Society (ENNS) is an association of scientists, engineers, students, and others seeking to learn about and advance understanding of artificial neural networks. Specific areas of interest in this scientific field include modelling of behavioral and brain processes, development of neural algorithms and applying neural modelling concepts to problems relevant in many different domains. Erkki Oja and John G. Taylor are past ENNS presidents and honorary executive board members. its president is Věra Kůrková. Every year since 1991 ENNS organizes the International Conference on Artificial Neural Networks (ICANN). The history and the links to past conferences are available at the ENNS web site. This is one of the oldest and best established conferences on the subject, with proceedings published in Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science, see index in DBLP bibliography database. As a non-profit organization ENNS promotes scientific activities at European and at the national levels in cooperation with national organizations that focus on neural networks. Every year many stipends to attend ICANN conference are given. ENNS also sponsors other students and have given awards and prizes at co-sponsored events (schools, workshops, conferences and competitions). References External links Artificial intelligence associations Artificial neural networks Elsevier academic journals
Network Agility is an architectural discipline for computer networking. It can be defined as: The ability of network software and hardware to automatically control and configure itself and other network assets across any number of devices on a network. With regards to network hardware, network agility is used when referring to automatic hardware configuration and reconfiguration of network devices e.g. routers, switches, SNMP devices. Network agility, as a software discipline, borrows from many fields, both technical and commercial. On the technical side, network agility solutions leverage techniques from areas such as: Service-oriented architecture (SOA) Object-oriented design Architectural patterns Loosely coupled data streaming (e.g.: web services) Iterative design Artificial intelligence Inductive scheduling On-demand computing Utility computing Commercially, network agility is about solving real-world business problems using existing technology. It forms a three-way bridge between business processes, hardware resources, and software assets. In more detail, it takes, as input: 1 the business processes – i.e. what the network must achieve in real business terms; the hardware that resides within the network; and the set of software assets that run on this hardware. Much of this input can be obtained through automatic discovery – finding the hardware, its types and locations, software, licenses etc. The business processes can be inferred to a certain degree, but it is these processes that business managers need to be able to control and organize. Software resources discovered on the network can take a variety of forms – some assets may be licensed software products, others as blocks of software service code that can be accessed via some service enterprise portal, such as (but not necessarily) web services. These services may reside in-house, or they may be 'on-demand' via an on-line subscription service. Indeed, the primary motivation of network agility is to make the most efficient use of the resources available, wherever they may reside, and to identify areas where business process goals are not being satisfied to some benchmark level (and ideally to offer possible solutions). Network agility tools are then in a position to optimize the existing hardware to run software assets as needed to achieve the business process goals. As network usage is never linear, the hardware/software mix requirements will change dynamically over various time segments (weekly, quarterly, annually etc.), and step changes will be required from time to time when business-process goals change/evolve/are updated (e.g. during/after a company re-organization). The benefits to business of the network agility approach are obvious – cost savings in software licensing and higher efficiency of hardware assets – leading to better productivity. See also Service-oriented analysis and design Object-oriented design Design patterns SOA governance Business-driven development Semantic service-oriented architecture Enterprise service bus Finite-state machine Scheduling (computing) Representational state transfer Service component architecture Comparison of business integration software Service-oriented infrastructure Enterprise application integration Grid computing Distributed computing References Erl Thomas, Service-Oriented Architecture: Concepts, Technology, and Design (Prentice Hall) 2005, Jerome F. DiMarzio, Network Architecture and Design: A Field Guide for IT Consultants (Sams) 2001-5, University of California, Methodology for Developing Web Design Patterns (White Paper) Computer networking
Task Scheduler (formerly Scheduled Tasks) is a job scheduler in Microsoft Windows that launches computer programs or scripts at pre-defined times or after specified time intervals. Microsoft introduced this component in the Microsoft Plus! for Windows 95 as System Agent. Its core component is an eponymous Windows service. The Windows Task Scheduler infrastructure is the basis for the Windows PowerShell scheduled jobs feature introduced with PowerShell v3. Task Scheduler can be compared to cron or anacron on Unix-like operating systems. This service should not be confused with the scheduler, which is a core component of the OS kernel that allocates CPU resources to processes already running. Versions Task Scheduler 1.0 Task Scheduler 1.0 is included with Windows NT 4.0 (with Internet Explorer 4.0 or later), Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. It runs as a Windows Service, and the task definitions and schedules are stored in binary .job files. Tasks are manipulated directly by manipulating the .job files. Each task corresponds to single action. On Windows 95 (with Internet Explorer 4.0 or later), Windows 98 and Windows Me, the Task Scheduler runs as an ordinary program, mstask.exe. It also displays a status icon in the notification area on Windows 95 and Windows 98 and runs as a hidden service on Windows Me, but can be made to show a tray icon. Computer programs and scripts can access the service through six COM interfaces. Microsoft provides a scheduling agent DLL, a sample VBScript and a configuration file to automate Task Scheduler. In addition to the graphical user interface for Task Scheduler in Control Panel, Windows provides two command-line tools for managing scheduled task: at.exe (deprecated) and schtasks.exe. However, at.exe cannot access tasks created or modified by Control Panel or schtasks.exe. Also, tasks created with at.exe are not interactive by default; interactivity needs to be explicitly requested. The binary ".job" files which the AT command produces are stored in the %WINDIR%\Tasks directory. Task Scheduler 2.0 Task Scheduler 2.0 was introduced with Windows Vista and included in Windows Server 2008 as well. The redesigned Task Scheduler user interface is now based on Management Console. In addition to running tasks on scheduled times or specified intervals, Task Scheduler 2.0 also supports calendar and event-based triggers, such as starting a task when a particular event is logged to the event log, or when a combination of events has occurred. Also, several tasks that are triggered by the same event can be configured to run either simultaneously or in a pre-determined chained sequence of a series of actions, instead of having to create multiple scheduled tasks. Tasks can also be configured to run based on system status such as being idle for a pre-configured amount of time, on startup, logoff, or only during or for a specified time. XPath expressions can be used to filter events from the Windows Event Log. Tasks can also be delayed for a specified time after the triggering event has occurred, or repeat until some other event occurs. Actions that need to be done if a task fails can also be configured. The actions that can be taken in response to triggers, both event-based as well as time-based, not only include launching applications but also take a number of custom actions. Task Scheduler includes a number of actions built-in, spanning a number of applications; including send an e-mail, show a message box, or fire a COM handler when it is triggered. Custom actions can also be specified using the Task Scheduler API. Task Scheduler keeps a history log of all execution details of all the tasks. Windows Vista uses Task Scheduler 2.0 to run various system-level tasks; consequently, the Task Scheduler service can no longer be disabled (except with a simple registry tweak). Task Scheduler 2.0 exposes an API to allow computer programs and scripts create tasks. It consists of 42 COM interfaces. The Windows API does not, however, include a managed wrapper for Task Scheduler though an open source implementation exists. The job files for Task Scheduler 2.0 are XML-based, and are human-readable, conforming to the Task Scheduler Schema. Other features New security features, including using Credential Manager to passwords for tasks on workgroup computers and using Active Directory for task credentials on domain-joined computers so that they cannot be retrieved easily. Also, scheduled tasks are executed in their own session, instead of the same session as system services or the current user. Ability to wake up a machine remotely or using BIOS timer from sleep or hibernation to execute a scheduled task or run a previously scheduled task after a machine gets turned on. Ability to attach tasks to events directly from the Event Viewer. Tasks The Task Scheduler service works by managing Tasks; Task refers to the action (or actions) taken in response to trigger(s). A task is defined by associating a set of actions, which can include launching an application or taking some custom-defined action, to a set of triggers, which can either be time-based or event-based. In addition, a task also can contain metadata that defines how the actions will be executed, such as the security context the task will run in. Tasks are serialized to .job files and are stored in the special folder titled Task Folder, organized in subdirectories. Programmatically, the task folder is accessed using the ITaskFolder interface or the TaskFolder scripting object and individual tasks using the IRegisteredTask interface or RegisteredTask object. Column 'Last Result' The Last Result column displays a completion code. The common codes for scheduled tasks are: 0 or 0x0: The operation completed successfully. 1 or 0x1: Incorrect function called or unknown function called. 2 or 0x2: File not found. 10 or 0xa: The environment is incorrect. 0x00041300: Task is ready to run at its next scheduled time. 0x00041301: The task is currently running. 0x00041302: The task has been disabled. 0x00041303: The task has not yet run. 0x00041304: There are no more runs scheduled for this task. 0x00041305: One or more of the properties that are needed to run this task have not been set. 0x00041306: The last run of the task was terminated by the user. 0x00041307: Either the task has no triggers or the existing triggers are disabled or not set. 0x00041308: Event triggers do not have set run times. 0x80010002: Call was canceled by the message filter 0x80041309: A task's trigger is not found. 0x8004130A: One or more of the properties required to run this task have not been set. 0x8004130B: There is no running instance of the task. 0x8004130C: The Task Scheduler service is not installed on this computer. 0x8004130D: The task object could not be opened. 0x8004130E: The object is either an invalid task object or is not a task object. 0x8004130F: No account information could be found in the Task Scheduler security database for the task indicated. 0x80041310: Unable to establish existence of the account specified. 0x80041311: Corruption was detected in the Task Scheduler security database 0x80041312: Task Scheduler security services are available only on Windows NT. 0x80041313: The task object version is either unsupported or invalid. 0x80041314: The task has been configured with an unsupported combination of account settings and run time options. 0x80041315: The Task Scheduler Service is not running. 0x80041316: The task XML contains an unexpected node. 0x80041317: The task XML contains an element or attribute from an unexpected namespace. 0x80041318: The task XML contains a value which is incorrectly formatted or out of range. 0x80041319: The task XML is missing a required element or attribute. 0x8004131A: The task XML is malformed. 0x0004131B: The task is registered, but not all specified triggers will start the task. 0x0004131C: The task is registered, but may fail to start. Batch logon privilege needs to be enabled for the task principal. 0x8004131D: The task XML contains too many nodes of the same type. 0x8004131E: The task cannot be started after the trigger end boundary. 0x8004131F: An instance of this task is already running. 0x80041320: The task will not run because the user is not logged on. 0x80041321: The task image is corrupt or has been tampered with. 0x80041322: The Task Scheduler service is not available. 0x80041323: The Task Scheduler service is too busy to handle your request. Please try again later. 0x80041324: The Task Scheduler service attempted to run the task, but the task did not run due to one of the constraints in the task definition. 0x00041325: The Task Scheduler service has asked the task to run. 0x80041326: The task is disabled. 0x80041327: The task has properties that are not compatible with earlier versions of Windows. 0x80041328: The task settings do not allow the task to start on demand. 0x80070002: The Task Scheduler cannot find the file. 0x800710E0: The operator or administrator has refused the request. 0xC000013A: The application terminated as a result of a CTRL+C. 0xC0000142: The application failed to initialize properly. Bugs On Windows 2000 and Windows XP, when a computer is prepared for disk imaging with the sysprep utility, it cannot run tasks configured to run in the context of the SYSTEM account. Sysprep changes the security identifier (SID) to avoid duplication but does not update scheduled tasks to use the new SID. Consequently, the affected tasks fail to run. There is no solution for this problem but one may reschedule the affected tasks to work around the issue. On Windows Vista or Windows Server 2008, the next execution time displayed in Task Scheduler may be wrong. Microsoft issued a hotfix to remedy this issue. See also cron, job scheduler for Unix-like operating systems References Further reading External links Task Scheduler on MSDN The Log File in the Task Scheduler May Be Incorrectly Formatted and Difficult to Read - Unable to Delete Text in the Task Scheduler Log File Task Scheduler Service Does Not Start Scheduled Program Does Not Start in Task Scheduler - Cannot Disable Task Scheduler Windows administration Windows services 1995 software
Vincent Di Fate (born November 21, 1945) is an American artist specializing in science fiction, fantasy and realistic space art (hardware art) illustration. He was inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame on June 25, 2011. Di Fate was born in Yonkers, New York. He studied at the Phoenix School of Design in New York City and received his MA in Illustration at Syracuse University. He broke into speculative fiction pulp magazines with illustrations for three different stories in the August 1969 issue of Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact, edited by John W. Campbell, and did his first cover illustration for the November issue. Di Fate calls his 1997 book Infinite Worlds "the first comprehensive history of science fiction art in America". Awards Di Fate won the Hugo Award for Best Professional Artist at the 1979 World Science Fiction Convention (for 1978 work) and was nominated ten times from 1972 to 1985. For his lifetime contributions he won the Edward E. Smith Memorial Award for Imaginative Fiction (the Skylark) from the New England Science Fiction Association in 1987 and the Chesley Award from the fantasy and science fiction artists in 1998. He also won the Frank R. Paul Award for Outstanding Achievement in Science Fiction Illustration (1978) and the Lensman Award for lifetime contribution in 1990 and he was a Guest of Honor at the 1992 Worldcon. He won the Rondo at the 2003 Rondo Hatton Classic Horror Awards for his work on the Monster-Mania Convention Program Cover. Books Di Fate's Catalog of Science Fiction Hardware (Workman Publishing Co, 1980), Di Fate and Ian Summers /0-89480-126-0 (pbk.) Infinite Worlds: The Fantastic Visions of Science Fiction Art (Penguin, 1997) The Science Fiction Art of Vincent Di Fate (Paper Tiger, 2002) Infinite Worlds won the annual Art Book Locus Award. See also References External links Vincent di Fate at ArtCyclopedia.com Locus Interview (1998) 1945 births Living people American speculative fiction artists Analog Science Fiction and Fact people Fantasy artists Hugo Award-winning artists The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction people Artists from Yonkers, New York Science Fiction Hall of Fame inductees Science fiction artists Syracuse University alumni
The ISO Recorder Power Toy is CD burning software for Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista and Windows 7. It is written by Alex Feinman and is open source software released under a license similar to the BSD license with advertising clause. This (along with some other third party software) was mentioned by an online article, named "Windows XP CD Burning Secrets", on Microsoft's website. The software is used to burn an ISO 9660 image file to CD or DVD and can create an ISO image from folders. The software: adds an Explorer menu item called "Create ISO image file" when you right-click on a folder; adds an Explorer menu item called "Copy image to CD" when you right-click on an ISO; associates itself with the .ISO extension. On Windows XP, the software cannot create or burn anything larger than a CD. As of version 3.1, ISO Recorder is compatible with Windows 7. References External links ISO Recorder (project home page) Free optical disc authoring software Windows-only free software Windows CD/DVD writing software
Henry Donald Wilson (November 21, 1923 – November 12, 2006), generally referred to as H. Donald Wilson was a database pioneer and entrepreneur. He was also the first president and one of the principal creators of the Lexis legal information system, and Nexis. An attorney by training who became an information industry innovator and a venture capital consultant to numerous businesses, Mr. Wilson was also an internationalist and a conservationist. At the time of his death, he was chairman of Lessac Technologies Inc., a text-to-voice software venture based on nearly fifty years of partnership with Arthur Lessac. A speech about his life that Wilson gave on June 9, 2006, at Collington-Kendal was called "From Idealist to Idealistic Realist With a Ride on Moore's Law." He concluded the story of his life saying, "We are in a race between having new technology destroy us and using it to save ourselves." Personal life Upbringing Born in New Rochelle, New York, on November 21, 1923, he was the third son of Andrew Wilson and Edith Rose Wilson. He was raised in Edgemont and Scarsdale, New York. His father was the chairman of the County Trust Company bank. He was a descendant of Sarah Wells and William Bull, early settlers of Orange County NY and builders of the Bull Stone House in Hamptonburg. Don Wilson and his wife Mary Louise Swan Baron Wilson lived in White Plains, New York, for 49 years. Wilson attended public high school in Scarsdale, New York, through ninth grade, and graduated from Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, in 1941. He was the Andover Scholar in Mathematics as a freshman at Yale University. When Pearl Harbor was bombed, he and his classmates were immediately placed in an accelerated academic program, completing their studies in three years. He took a B.A. degree with honors in international relations and was an editor of the Yale Daily News. At Yale, he was a member of Berzelius and DKE. World War II Wilson shipped out to the South Pacific in 1944 as a lieutenant junior grade on the . He received his Yale diploma by mail in 1945. He served in seven battle campaigns including Leyte Gulf, Mindoro, and Iwo Jima. At Okinawa, he served as assistant gunnery officer through the longest shore bombardment in U.S. history. He took command of a medium-size landing craft in San Diego and sailed it through the Panama Canal and home to Charleston, South Carolina. He was discharged in June 1946. Law school Returning from the war, Wilson commuted to Columbia Law School by motorcycle from his parents' home in Edgemont, New York. He headed the Moot Court Committee, which he reorganized, and graduated in 1948 in the top 25% of his class. He loved to dance and was a sought-after partner for debutante balls and with friends in Manhattan nightclubs. He remained concerned, however, about the possibility of a new world war. He joined the law firm of Sullivan and Cromwell in New York City in November 1948, and resigned in March 1949 to become an organizer for the United World Federalists (UWF). He said he did this "because of the conviction that another war was shaping up, that the United Nations could not keep the peace, and that the only way to prevent it was to work for development of the UN into a stronger war-prevention body." (From his 1953 resume.) Wilson reentered the legal profession in 1955, joining the law firm of Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison in Manhattan. The popular magazine Saturday Review was one of his accounts, and he found a mentor in its editor Norman Cousins. At Cousin's urging, Wilson and his friend William Josephson became the junior attorneys on a landmark case, Reynolds v. United States involving the skipper of a boat arrested for sailing into a Pacific nuclear test area. They also helped Cousins raise money to bring over the Hiroshima Maidens, Japanese women who needed reconstructive surgery as a result of nuclear radiation poisoning as well as the Ravensbruck Maidens, women who had been used as the subject of medical experimentation by the Nazis. Marriage Wilson met Mary Louise Swan Baron (known as Peter) in 1951 when she responded to a classified ad for a secretary in the Federalist office. Sue Hepburn, the sister of actress Katharine Hepburn, was on his Board of Directors. Reputedly, she saw "sparks fly" between the young veteran and the young woman and blocked the hiring. They met again in the Connecticut offices of Bice Clemow, the editor of the West Hartford News, for whom Peter Baron was working. Six months later they married in Wellesley. They had three children Edith R. Wilson, Bice C. Wilson, and Anne B. Wilson. Business Don Wilson worked with computers all his adult life, starting in the Navy. Though not an engineer, he had a driving vision of what computers could be used for in society. From his engagement with LexisNexis on, he worked with databases and encyclopedias of all sorts. He consulted to several encyclopedia companies on their electronic futures, including Encyclopædia Britannica. He quickly grasped the potential of combining the exponential growth of computing power (Moore's Law) with the availability of information via the internet. He was, for all these reasons, fascinated with the power of the concept of Wikipedia, which he used as soon as it became available. Management consultant In 1960, Wilson left the law to become a management consultant at Arthur D. Little (ADL); eventually he became managing director of its New York office. During the next decade, his clients ranged from CBS Publishing, the creation of the children's toy company Creative Playthings, the introduction of the Sony Trinitron to the U.S. market, the commercial introduction of Velcro fabric, and many others. He carried out several studies of the maritime industry, including one on the introduction of containerization to the Port of New York. He recounted many times that he advised the Port of New York to introduce standardized shipping containers slowly since it would result in a major shift in labor. This advice was ignored. He was not surprised when the dockworkers union shut down the port for a series of lengthy and expensive strikes in the 1960s resulting in the agreement to pay "containerization royalties" to dockworkers for years to come. Lexis Nexis information retrieval Returning to Arthur D. Little in 1966 after two years as Peace Corps Director in Ethiopia, he continued to work with clients with technological innovations. In the late 1960s he was asked to develop a business plan for an Ohio software company called Data Corporation which in late 1968 had been acquired by the forest-product firm Mead Corporation. Founded by William Gorog and his partner, Lysle Cahill, Data Central had received Air Force Funding to develop a range of innovations in equipment, cameras, printers, and software. This included an Information Systems Division that had a promising on-line database software technology made possible by the power of the new IBM 360 computers. This kind of information retrieval was then in the very early stages in terms of what was technically possible. An interesting discussion of this period is found in the account of engineer Richard (Dick) Giering. The question was whether this information retrieval was a viable business, and if so, what direction it should take in terms of markets. There was already an initial relationship with the Ohio Bar Association (OBAR), which was interested in new approaches to managing legal data. Wilson and his colleagues presented their research and the resulting business plan to James McSwiney, President, William Womack, Executive Vice President and other senior officers of the Mead Corporation on February 4, 1970, in Dayton, Ohio. A transcript of the meeting was made, and the original business plan still exists—entitled " A Major Opportunity for Mead to enter the field of information services through automated legal research—Business Venture Analysis." On the Arthur D. Little side were H. Donald Wilson, Edward Gottsman, Jerome Rubin, Richard Erb, Edward Smith III, Robin Woodward, Anthony Gunn, and James Hoyte. William Gorog represented Data Central. Based on this study, the venture moved forward and eventually the Mead Corporation hired Wilson away from Arthur D. Little, Inc. to be the first president. Jerome Rubin also left ADL at this time and became the second president of MDC after Wilson moved to the venture's board as Vice Chairman. One of the significant factors in Lexis's success was Wilson's ability to bridge the worlds of business, law, and computers. His insider's knowledge of the sociology and particularly the hierarchy of law firms was fundamental to the business plan he and his team worked out. In this period, few lawyers knew anything about computers, and most senior attorneys disdained them. Jerome Rubin, then an attorney on the team, makes the interesting comment in the 1970 presentation about "knowing nothing about technology". Wilson, by contrast, was trained by the Navy to use early radar and had an attraction to and understanding of technological innovation. This knowledge helped shape Lexis into a viable business venture. It is clear from the 1970 presentation that Wilson understood how fundamentally this innovation would change the practice of the law, a vision that was proved out. The comments that appeared in various internet chat rooms in November 2006 when his obituary appeared attested to other people's recognition that Lexis and Nexis were transformative technological applications. Law librarians were particularly outspoken about how these innovations had changed research. It is estimated by Dr. David Evans of Carnegie Mellon that up to 1991, only 100,000 people used search engines regularly and a significant portion of those were LexisNexis users. Wilson later advised many publishers about the early development of database businesses, and worked with many startups such as Polygon, Oxford Analytica, Toxicheck, and ConQuest Software (later Excaliber) where he was Vice-Chairman. A board member of the Information Industry Association, he received its leadership award in 1992, 1993, and 1996. Lessac System for Voice For 58 years, Wilson was the business partner of Arthur Lessac, an internationally known professor of voice based in Manhattan. Upset at being turned down by the Yale Glee Club, Wilson first sought out Lessac as a voice coach in the 1940s. Later, Wilson gave Lessac a desk, typewriter and secretary to write The Use and Training of the Human Voice, now in its third edition. He also helped Lessac popularize this voice and body system. Lessac Technologies, Inc. (LTI) was created in 2000, and developed computer software for text-to-speech technology (TTS). As chairman of the venture, Wilson worked with the CIO, his longtime associate, Gary A. Marple, to obtain several patents in the two years before his death at the age of 82. Upon Wilson's death, John Reichenbach became President of the company. Civic contributions Peace Corps In 1964, Don Wilson was appointed by President Lyndon Johnson as the second Peace Corps director for Ethiopia, the third largest country program at the time. He and his family moved to Addis Ababa for two years. Escorted by outgoing director (and fellow World Federalist) Harris Wofford, he presented his credentials to the Government. Emperor Haile Selassie said to him, in English, "Mr. Wilson, I fear you will have a more difficult time than your predecessor, for our students have begun to have ideas." Drawing on his international relations background and his war experience, he managed up to 700 volunteers at one time in the country, and he and his wife traveled throughout the mountainous region by Landrover and Cessna plane and through East Africa on holidays with his family. Wilson studied and spoke Amharic and some Swahili, and conversed in prep school French with foreign officials. He toured schools, clinics, road building projects, and the full range of Peace Corps projects. One of the volunteers and lifelong friends was Paul Tsongas of Lowell, MA. His medical staff included Dr. E. Fuller Torrey, who later founded the National Association for Mental Illness (NAMI). United World Federalists In 1949, Wilson did some volunteer work for the United World Federalists (UWF), "meanwhile studying the movement quite carefully." In June 1949, he was recruited by Cord Meyer to be office manager of the ten-man office of the New York State Branch of the United World Federalists. He then worked in various capacities for UWF in New York, Connecticut, and New England. As Executive Director of the Connecticut Branch December 1950 - April 1952, he planned and managed a fight in the Connecticut Legislature concerning federalist legislation adopted in 1949 and attacked by many isolationist groups. (This is when he met his wife.) After a five-month controversy, the legislation was retained by a close vote. Then he was asked to become Executive Director of the New England Council, which he had helped organize. In that position, he supervised the political work, field organizing, educational work and fund raising for the six New England states. He later worked out of the Midwest region, based out of Cleveland, Ohio. Among the lifelong friends who were leaders of the UWF were Norman Cousins, the editor of Saturday Review magazine, Randolph Compton and Dorothy Danforth Compton, C. Max Stanley, and George C. Holt. He worked closely with Rodney Shaw, a United Methodist Church minister the group's Midwest director during the same period. All of them went on to distinguish themselves as leaders on key issues of the times such as nuclear disarmament, world peace, support for the U.N., population control, and civil and human rights. In August 1955, Wilson resigned from the UWF after a dispute between the local chapters and the national leadership. He was later offered various positions including National Executive Vice-President, all of which he declined. Finally, in 1970, he returned at the request of Dr. Luther Evans (former Librarian of Congress and head of UNESCO) as Chairman to modernize the organization. New Directions He remained involved in international issues for the rest of his life. He advocated for the creation of a U.S. National Service program including the Peace Corps. As Chair of the World Federalists from 1970 - 1977, he worked with Margaret Mead, Father Theodore Hesburgh, Robert McNamara, Luther Evans and James Grant to found New Directions, an ambitious attempt to create a citizen's lobby on international issues. Using his corporate experience, Wilson was instrumental in introducing the use of opinion polling, public affairs advertising, direct mail marketing techniques and focus group research (aided by his longtime friend Lester Wunderman, CEO of the advertising firm Young & Rubicam) to understand donor behavior to international issues. Wunderman and he believed that such modern lobbying techniques were essential to creating political support for international issues. The organization was credited with helping to win passage of the Panama Canal Treaty, but ultimately did not obtain the necessary financial support for long term viability. Death Wilson never retired. In 2006 at the age of 82, he died suddenly in front of his computer while sending email and voicemail about voice technology. References Washington Post obituary: New York Times obituary: Online Before the Internet, Part 6: Mead Data Central and the Genesis of Nexis: An Interview with Richard Giering by Susanne Bjorner & Associates External links H. Donald Wilson papers are located at the Lilly Library, Indiana University, including papers on the development of Lexis-Nexis and the World Federalist Movement. 1923 births 2006 deaths American computer businesspeople Businesspeople from New Rochelle, New York Businesspeople from Scarsdale, New York Yale College alumni Columbia Law School alumni Sullivan & Cromwell people Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison people 20th-century American businesspeople United States Navy personnel of World War II
Web18 (Web18 Software Services Limited) is the Internet and mobile arm of Network 18, an Indian media conglomerate. It has a variety of information and transactional services based on the Internet. The TV18 group holds 85 per cent in Web18 Holdings while the remaining is held by Global Broadcast News Network, a part of the group. Web18's offerings include Moneycontrol.com, CommoditiesControl.com, Firstpost.com, News18.com, Yatra.com, Homeshop18.com and BookMyShow.com In 2016 Network18 Group appointed Manish Maheshwari who was previously working for Flipkart as CEO of Web18. References External links Web 18 to relaunch UrbanEye Media Web 18 to intensify acquisition moves Network18 Group Online companies of India Companies based in Mumbai Companies with year of establishment missing
Structure from motion (SfM) is a photogrammetric range imaging technique for estimating three-dimensional structures from two-dimensional image sequences that may be coupled with local motion signals. It is studied in the fields of computer vision and visual perception. In biological vision, SfM refers to the phenomenon by which humans (and other living creatures) can recover 3D structure from the projected 2D (retinal) motion field of a moving object or scene. Principle Humans perceive a great deal of information about the three-dimensional structure in their environment by moving around it. When the observer moves, objects around them move different amounts depending on their distance from the observer. This is known as motion parallax, and from this depth information can be used to generate an accurate 3D representation of the world around them. Finding structure from motion presents a similar problem to finding structure from stereo vision. In both instances, the correspondence between images and the reconstruction of 3D object needs to be found. To find correspondence between images, features such as corner points (edges with gradients in multiple directions) are tracked from one image to the next. One of the most widely used feature detectors is the scale-invariant feature transform (SIFT). It uses the maxima from a difference-of-Gaussians (DOG) pyramid as features. The first step in SIFT is finding a dominant gradient direction. To make it rotation-invariant, the descriptor is rotated to fit this orientation. Another common feature detector is the SURF (speeded-up robust features). In SURF, the DOG is replaced with a Hessian matrix-based blob detector. Also, instead of evaluating the gradient histograms, SURF computes for the sums of gradient components and the sums of their absolute values. Its usage of integral images allows the features to be detected extremely quickly with high detection rate. Therefore, comparing to SIFT, SURF is a faster feature detector with drawback of less accuracy in feature positions. Another type of feature recently made practical for structure from motion are general curves (e.g., locally an edge with gradients in one direction), part of a technology known as pointless SfM, useful when point features are insufficient, common in man-made environments. The features detected from all the images will then be matched. One of the matching algorithms that track features from one image to another is the Lucas–Kanade tracker. Sometimes some of the matched features are incorrectly matched. This is why the matches should also be filtered. RANSAC (random sample consensus) is the algorithm that is usually used to remove the outlier correspondences. In the paper of Fischler and Bolles, RANSAC is used to solve the location determination problem (LDP), where the objective is to determine the points in space that project onto an image into a set of landmarks with known locations. The feature trajectories over time are then used to reconstruct their 3D positions and the camera's motion. An alternative is given by so-called direct approaches, where geometric information (3D structure and camera motion) is directly estimated from the images, without intermediate abstraction to features or corners. There are several approaches to structure from motion. In incremental SfM, camera poses are solved for and added one by one to the collection. In global SfM, the poses of all cameras are solved for at the same time. A somewhat intermediate approach is out-of-core SfM, where several partial reconstructions are computed that are then integrated into a global solution. Applications Geosciences Structure-from-motion photogrammetry with multi-view stereo provides hyperscale landform models using images acquired from a range of digital cameras and optionally a network of ground control points. The technique is not limited in temporal frequency and can provide point cloud data comparable in density and accuracy to those generated by terrestrial and airborne laser scanning at a fraction of the cost. Structure from motion is also useful in remote or rugged environments where terrestrial laser scanning is limited by equipment portability and airborne laser scanning is limited by terrain roughness causing loss of data and image foreshortening. The technique has been applied in many settings such as rivers, badlands, sandy coastlines, fault zones, landslides, and coral reef settings. SfM has been also successfully applied for the assessment of large wood accumulation volume and porosity in fluvial systems, as well as for the characterization of rock masses through the determination of some properties as the orientation, persistence, etc. of discontinuities. A full range of digital cameras can be utilized, including digital SLR's, compact digital cameras and even smart phones. Generally though, higher accuracy data will be achieved with more expensive cameras, which include lenses of higher optical quality. The technique therefore offers exciting opportunities to characterize surface topography in unprecedented detail and, with multi-temporal data, to detect elevation, position and volumetric changes that are symptomatic of earth surface processes. Structure from motion can be placed in the context of other digital surveying methods. Cultural heritage Cultural heritage is present everywhere. Its structural control, documentation and conservation is one of humanity's main duties (UNESCO). Under this point of view, SfM is used in order to properly estimate situations as well as planning and maintenance efforts and costs, control and restoration. Because serious constraints often exist connected to the accessibility of the site and impossibility to install invasive surveying pillars that did not permit the use of traditional surveying routines (like total stations), SfM provides a non-invasive approach for the structure, without the direct interaction between the structure and any operator. The use is accurate as only qualitative considerations are needed. It is fast enough to respond to the monument’s immediate management needs. The first operational phase is an accurate preparation of the photogrammetric surveying where is established the relation between best distance from the object, focal length, the ground sampling distance (GSD) and the sensor’s resolution. With this information the programmed photographic acquisitions must be made using vertical overlapping of at least 60% (figure 02). Furthermore, structure-from-motion photogrammetry represents a non-invasive, highly flexible and low-cost methodology to digitalize historical documents. See also 3D reconstruction from multiple images Bundle adjustment Comparison of photogrammetry software Computer stereo vision Epipolar geometry Kinetic depth effect Match moving Motion field Motion parallax Semi-global matching Simultaneous localization and mapping Stereophotogrammetry Tomasi–Kanade factorization 2D to 3D conversion Further reading Jonathan L. Carrivick, Mark W. Smith, Duncan J. Quincey (2016). Structure from Motion in the Geosciences. Wiley-Blackwell. 208 pages. References Geometry in computer vision Emerging technologies 3D imaging Photogrammetry Motion in computer vision
Biological motion is motion that comes from actions of a biological organism. Humans and animals are able to understand those actions through experience, identification, and higher level neural processing. Humans use biological motion to identify and understand familiar actions, which is involved in the neural processes for empathy, communication, and understanding other's intentions. The neural network for biological motion is highly sensitive to the observer's prior experience with the action's biological motions, allowing for embodied learning. This is related to a research field that is broadly known as embodied cognitive science, along with research on mirror neurons. For instance, a well known example of sensitiveness to a specific type of biological motion is expert dancers observing others dancing. Compared to people who do not know how to dance, expert dancers show more sensitiveness to the biological motion from the dance style of their expertise. The same expert dancer would also show similar but less sensitivity to dance styles outside of their expertise. The differences in perception of dance motions suggests that the ability to perceive and understand biological motion is strongly influenced by the observer's experience with the action. A similar expertise effect has been observed in different types of action, such as music making, language, scientific thinking, basketball, and walking. History The phenomenon of human sensitivity to biological motion was first documented by Swedish perceptual psychologist, Gunnar Johansson, in 1973. He is best known for his experiments that used point light displays (PLDs). Johansson attached light bulbs to body parts and joints of actors performing various actions in the dark. He filmed these actions, yielding point lights from each bulb moving on a black background. Johansson found that people were able to recognize what the actors were doing when the PLD was moving, but not when it was stationary. Johansson's invention of PLDs inspired a new field of research into human perception. Modern technology to make PLDs involves the same principles, except that film has been replaced by multiple cameras attached to computers that construct a 3D representation of actors' movements, allowing for considerable control of the PLDs. Interest in biological motion was renewed with the publication of a 1996 article on mirror neurons. Mirror neurons were found to be active in an animal's brain both when that animal observed another animal making a movement and when that animal made the same movement. The mirror neurons were initially observed in the premotor cortex, however they were also found in supramarginal gyrus and temporoparietal junction, areas of the brain that is associated with biological motion processing. The coding of both visual and motor actions within same set of neurons suggests that biological motion understanding and perception is influenced by not only the visual information of the motion but also by the observer's experience with the biological motion. Today, the discovery of mirror neurons has led to an explosion of research on biological motion and action perception and understanding in research fields such as social and affective neuroscience, language, action, motion capture technology, and artificial intelligence such as androids and virtual embodied agents, and the uncanny valley phenomenon. Research on Biological Motion Findings from research on biological motion has shown that humans are highly sensitive to biological motions of actions and those observations has developed into studies on different possible factors in the perception and understanding of the biological motions of bodily actions. Through studies with point-light display (PLD), findings in psychology and neuroscience fields has grown into a sizable body of research that stretches across different fields. General Observations on Biological Motion In a PLD experiment, participants are presented with a static, dynamic, or randomized dynamic white dots that consists of light sources or motion capture markers that were placed on the joints that are involved in actions for biological organisms. Even though individual dots in PLD do not show any overt visual connection with other dots, observers are able to perceive cohesive biological motion of actions in dynamic PLD.[4] Studies using PLD methods have found that people are better at identifying PLD of their own gaits compared to others.[3] People are also able to recognize different emotions in PLD. With special attention to body language, an observer can identify anger, sadness, and happiness. Observers can also identify the actors' gender with some actions in PLD. Lesion Damage In a large study with stroke patients, significant regions that was found to be associated with deficient biological motion perception include the superior temporal sulcus and premotor cortex. The cerebellum also is involved in biological motion processing. A recent study on a patient with developmental agnosia, an impairment in recognizing objects, found that the ability to recognize the form of biological organisms through biological motion remains intact, despite deficiency in perception of non-biological form through motion. Neuroimaging Recent cognitive neuroscience research has begun to focus on the brain structures and neural networks that are involved in biological motion processing. The use of transcranial magnetic stimulation methods provided with evidence that suggests that biological motion processing occurs outside of the MT+/V5 area, which can include both visual form and motion. The posterior superior temporal sulcus has been shown to be active during biological motion perception. Also, premotor cortex has been shown to be active during biological motion processing, showing that the mirror neuron system is recruited for perception and understanding of PLD. Further evidence from another study shows that the default mode network is essential in distinguishing between biological and non-biological motion. Such findings aforementioned studies show that biological motion perception is a process that pulls in several different neural systems outside of networks involved in the visual processing of non-biological motions and objects. Development in Children The human perception and understanding of biological motion in animal actions develops with age, usually capping at approximately five years of age. In an experiment, with three-year-old, four-year-old, and five-year-old children and adults, participants were asked to identify PLD of animals actions such as walking human, running and walking dog, and flying bird. Results showed that adults and five-year-olds were able to accurately identify animal actions. However four-year-olds and three-year-olds struggled, although four-year-olds were significantly better at identifying animal actions than three-year-olds. This suggests that our perception and understanding of biological motion and actions goes through developmental process in human children, arriving at a performance ceiling for identifying animal actions at five years. While most animals, for example cats, tend to recognize their own species' point-light displays over others species and scrambled PLDs, the three-year-olds had the most success at identifying a walking dog PLD and had the least success with a walking human PLD. A possible explanation of this contradictory results might be because of the children's small physical stature and their resulting experiences with visual perspectives: dogs are more closer in height to smaller kids, while the experience of observing and performing similar biological motions of walking human are harder to come by due to height of adults, along with their low amount of experience with walking. In the next part of the experiment, different participants were asked to identify the same point-light display animals but with static images instead of moving dots. Five-year-olds and adults gave results of chance performance, while the younger participants were omitted due to the higher error rates from the harder nature of the task. Therefore, this experiment suggests that at five years old, we are adept at identifying animal actions and visual forms with point-light displays. This study also shows that experience with biological motion is critical for our perception and understanding of actions. Language Humans seem to use similar cognitive functions in identifying real verbs and biologically possible motions. In another experiment, researchers gave participants a lexical and action decision tasks to measure how long it took them to identify whether the words were real or the scrambled PLDs an action. Participants took much longer to identify pseudo words and scrambled PLDs. The correlation in reaction time between verb words and PLD actions was found to be rather strong (r= 0.56), while the correlation between nouns and PLD actions was much lower (r= 0.31). Those findings suggest that humans use similar cognitive functions to identify biological motion and words, whether it is presented through written language or point-light displays. The researcher suggests that these findings supports a theoretical framework called embodied cognition, which suggests that the cognition of actions and words can be supported by the motor system. Psychophysics Some research looks into the differences between global and local processing of biological motion; how the whole PLD figure is processed compared to how individual dots in the PLD are processed. One study investigated both types of processing in a PLD of human walking in different directions by replacing individual dots with human images or stick figures facing in different directions. The results showed that the humans struggle to perceive the walking direction of the global PLD when the local dots does not face in the same direction, indicating that the brain uses a similar form-based mechanism for the recognition of both global and local stimuli during processing. The results also show that processing local images is an automatic process that can interfere with the subsequent processing of the global form of the walking PLD. Perception of biological motion in PLD depends both on the motions of individual dots and the configuration/orientation of the body as a whole, as well as interactions between these local and global cues. Similar to the Thatcher Effect in face perception, inversion of individual points is easy to detect when the entire figure is presented normally, but difficult to detect when the entire display is presented upside-down. However, recent electrophysiological work suggest that the configuration/orientation of the PLD might influence the processing PLD's motion, in the early stages of neural processing. See also Biological motion perception Motion perception Theory of mind Mirror neurons Motor Cognition Uncanny Valley Cognitive neuroscience Embodied Cognitive Science Embodied cognition Empathy Social neuroscience Affective neuroscience Temporoparietal junction Premotor cortex Common coding theory Language processing in the brain Motion capture References Neuroscience Visual perception
Chasm: The Rift (also known as Chasm: The Shadow Zone) is a first-person shooter video game developed by Action Forms and published in 1997 by Megamedia. Action Forms would later develop the Carnivores series. The game was meant to compete with Quake a year earlier, since GT Interactive lost publishing rights to Activision when id Software signed with the latter. Console ports were released on May 18, 2023. Gameplay The player takes on the role of an unnamed commando whose mission is to stop the so-called "Timestrikers", mutant beings invading different time epochs, from taking over Earth. On this mission, he visits various locations ranging from military bases in the present to tombs in ancient Egypt. All of the levels involve dark corridors, often like those of catacombs and crypts. One of the most notable features of the game was the ability to remove limbs from enemies. Plot The Timestrikers, an alien species, begin a sudden invasion of Earth through the creation of multiple time rifts across the planet. The protagonist, an unnamed commando, volunteers to aid in efforts to repel the Timestrikers, with his first mission being to investigate a recent attack on a power plant and to bring it back into operation. Though successful, the Timestrikers soon after launch an attack on a military installation. Along with mutating its guards and soldiers and adding them to their own forces as well, the Timestrikers hope to seize the base's nuclear warheads. Assigned to undermine the efforts of the Timestrikers, the commando is able to successfully disable the warheads. Additionally, he recovers a working prototype of a tool used by the aliens to create time channels. The Timestrikers, during this time, attack the commando's home base and travel to Ancient Egypt, where it is revealed that they have been harnessing the power of the pyramids to supply energy to manipulate time in order to travel through its rifts. The commando is able to exorcise the Timestrikers' presence in Egypt and discovers, via deciphered ancient manuscripts, that they will appear 33 centuries later in the 11th century. Giving chase with the aid of the time channel device, he is able to prevent the attack of the Timestrikers from the Middle Ages and soon discovers the chief source of where the time rifts are originating from: the Timestrikers' home dimension. The commando travels to their dimension and kills the remaining forces there, putting an end to the Timestrikers' invasion. Additional content An official add-on for the game adds three new levels along with new monsters. It is available as a free download from the developer's website. The retail CD also contains a level editor. Reception Chasm received mixed reviews from critics. While they noted that Chasm had better animation and greater amounts of enemy detail when compared to Quake, the lack of a true 3D environment left much to be desired. References External links Official website recreated from Effektus (2017) Chasm: The Rift at MobyGames Chasm: The Rift review at GameSpot 1997 video games Ancient Egypt in fiction DOS games Nintendo Switch games PlayStation 4 games PlayStation 5 games Xbox One games Xbox Series X and Series S games First-person shooters GT Interactive games Multiplayer and single-player video games Video games about time travel Video games developed in Ukraine Video games set in Egypt Video games set in the Middle Ages Video games with 2.5D graphics WizardWorks games Action Forms games
Sudhir Ruparelia (born 17 January 1956) is a Ugandan business magnate and investor. He is the chairman and majority shareholder in the companies of the Ruparelia Group. His investments are mainly in the areas of banking, insurance, education, broadcasting, real estate, floriculture, hotels, and resorts. According to Forbes and other sources, Ruparelia Is the wealthiest individual in Uganda and one of the richest investors on the Uganda Securities Exchange, with an estimated net worth of US$1.2 billion On 20 October 2016, the central bank of Uganda took control of Crane Bank, the largest subsidiary of the Ruparelia Group, due to a significant decline in capital and a potential run on the bank. In April 2017, the central bank of Uganda shut down his four forex bureaus as a result of unrenewed expired licences whose failed renewal resulted from money laundering and lack of fitness and probity by owners and board of directors according to Forbes and the Observer. Biography Ruparelia was born in Kabatoro, Kasese District in the Western Region of Uganda to an upper-middle-class Indian Gujarati family. His great-grandfather reached Mombasa, Kenya in 1897 from India and set up a trading store there before coming to Uganda in 1903. His grandfather was born in Uganda in 1908 and his father in 1932. Ruparelia has two sisters and one brother. He attended Bat Valley Primary School in Kampala, from P1 to P6, then Jinja Main Street Primary School in Jinja for P7 and Jinja Secondary School. In 1971, he joined Kololo Senior Secondary School. Ruparelia fled to the United Kingdom with his parents in 1972 at the age of 16, when then Ugandan president Idi Amin expelled all Asians from Uganda. Ruparelia returned to Uganda in 1985, with US$25,000 earned from several casual jobs including working in supermarkets, factories, and butcheries. Ruparelia started selling beer and spirits imported from Kenya. In 1989, beer importation was banned to encourage local brewing of alcohol and he realized he could not make beer. But since his customers, who were mainly foreigners, paid him in foreign currency, he started Crane Forex Bureau, the first in Uganda. With his profits, Ruparelia ventured into other businesses, including forming Crane Bank in 1995. Later, he organized his businesses under the umbrella of the Ruparelia Group. In 2007, Ruparelia was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws degree in business, by the Uganda Pentecostal University, in recognition of his contribution to Uganda's economic growth. Personal life Ruparelia has been married to Jyotsna since 1977. Together, they are parents to three children. Meera, the oldest, has been married to Ravi Kotecha since 2014. Rajiv is their only son, and Sheena is the younger daughter. Diplomatic work In February 2020, Ruparelia was appointed as honorary Consul of the Republic of Nepal to Uganda, by Bidhya Devi Bhandari, the president of Nepal. On 17 March 2020, he presented his credentials to Samuel Kutesa, Uganda's foreign minister. He reports to the nearest substantive Nepalese embassy, in Cairo, Egypt. See also List of wealthiest people in Uganda List of banks in Uganda Banking in Uganda References External links Sudhir Ruparelia Makes Cover of Forbes Africa History of The Ruparelia Group of Companies Court Orders Sudhir Arrest Sudhir abandons dollars for Shillings in property rent Living people 1956 births Ambassadors of Nepal Ugandan people of Indian descent Businesspeople in education Businesspeople in agriculture Businesspeople in the hospitality industry Ugandan businesspeople in real estate Ruparelia Group
Nick Hornby (born 1980) is a British artist specialising in sculpture. He is known for his monumental site-specific works, that combine digital software with traditional materials such as bronze, steel, granite and marble. His work addresses historical critique, semiotics, digital technologies and queer identity. Career He received his education at the Slade School of Art, University College London and Chelsea School of Art a constituent college of the University of the Arts London. On graduating, he was awarded the "Clifford Chance/University of the Arts London Sculpture Award," described by ES Magazine as “The New Gormley” and picked for the Evening Standard “Who to Watch in 2010”. He is a Fellow of the Royal British Society of Sculptors. Notable exhibitions and commissions "Power over others is Weakness disguised as Strength" was commissioned by Northacre and stands in the centre of Orchard Place, Westminster, London. The 5-metre, 6.5 tonne equestrian work is Hornby’s first permanent sculpture in London. From one viewpoint, passers-by will see a man on horseback. As they walk around the work, this image dissolves into an abstract shape before morphing into a curling line inspired by a squiggle printed in the eighteen-century novel The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman, 1959. "Twofold" was commissioned by Harlow Art Trust. It is the 100th piece in Harlow's public sculpture collection which includes works by Auguste Rodin, Barbara Hepworth, Henry Moore, and Elizabeth Frink, among many others, so is a fitting environment for an artist whose subject is frequently the canon and its construction. For this commission, Hornby has crossed one of the most canonic of figurative sculptures, Michelangelo's David, with a curving line from a 1925 Kandinsky drawing. In one rotation, David is visible; in another, it is Kandinsky's abstract line. Other notable commissions include a presentation of monumental sculpture at Glyndebourne Opera House in the UK, and 'Bird God Drone,' Commissioned by Two Trees Management Co, in partnership with NYC Parks’ Art in the Parks program for outdoor presentation in DUMBO, Brooklyn, NY, He has exhibited his work in the UK, the US, Greece, and India, including Tate Britain (UK), Southbank Centre (UK), Eyebeam (New York, USA), The Museum of Arts and Design (New York, USA), The Hub (Athens). Critical responses He has been reviewed in the New York Times, Frieze, Artforum, and featured in Dazed, Wired, and Time Out, among others. References External links www.nickhornby.com 1980 births Living people British sculptors British male sculptors British contemporary artists Alumni of University College London
Heatherton is a village located southwest of Stephenville. The population was 244 in 1951 and 290 in 1956. The primary areas of employment are farming and fishing. Heatherton has one hardware store and one general store and two churches. See also List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador Populated places in Newfoundland and Labrador
"No Fear" is a song by the Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus, originally released on the band's sixth studio album Hide from the Sun on September 2, 2005. The single was the first (and most successful) to be released from the album. Following its release on August 29, 2005, the single achieved some chart success across Europe, as well as topping the Israeli singles chart. The music video also reached No. 1 on MTV Europe's Nordic chart list "UpNorth". Single track listing CD single - International "No Fear" "No Fear" (Fearless Remix) CD maxi single "No Fear" "Immortal" "No Fear" (Vrenna Remix) CD single - UK "No Fear" "No Fear" (Freelance Hellraiser Remix) EP - UK "No Fear" – 4:07 "Immortal" – 4:57 "Dancer in the Dark" – 3:28 "No Fear" (Vrenna Remix) – 3:40 "The Rasmus Software Player: No Fear (Video) - 3:57 No Fear (Making Of) - 8:02 Photo Gallery Extra video material Web Links Music video The music video for "No Fear" was directed by Jörn Heitmann in Berlin, Germany the same year. Jörn Heitmann has also directed many of Rammstein's videos. The video depicts a girl with an apparent obsession with butterflies. She follows them out of her bedroom and sleepwalks across roofs, and through streets. The girl eventually comes to a roof of glass panes and falls through them into the building. It is unclear whether the girl has died or not, and she appears to end up in a garden with a bed situated in the middle, surrounded by butterflies and flowers. While she is sleepwalking, a swarm of butterflies become animated from pictures behind where the band are performing, and other places around the building. Charts References External links The Rasmus' official website "No Fear" lyrics "No Fear" music video on YouTube 2005 singles The Rasmus songs Number-one singles in Finland Songs written by Lauri Ylönen 2005 songs
Nobel Biocare is a Swiss company originally founded in Sweden for manufacturing dental implants. It is now headquartered in Kloten, Switzerland near the Zürich Airport. Nobel Biocare in its current form was founded in 2002. It originates from a partnership formed in 1978 between Swedish medical researcher Professor Per-Ingvar Brånemark and Bofors, a Swedish company, to industrialize Brånemark's discovery of osseointegration (the fusing of titanium with bone). Beside dental implants, it also presently develops and commercializes CAD/CAM-based prosthetics equiments to scan teeth and to fabricate individualized dental prosthesis using digital technologies in place of silicone molding. Field of activity The core business of the company is the manufacture of dental implants and related products used to treat tooth loss, such as abutments, crowns and bridges. The company also sells scanners and software for designing individualized, patient-specific prosthetics. Nobel Biocare also develops software for diagnostics and implant treatment planning, and produces customized, patient-specific, guided-surgery templates for implant placement surgeries. Since the legal training requirements for clinicians who carry out implant treatment vary from country to country, Nobel Biocare runs a training and education program for dental professionals in several countries. History The 1970s and 1980s In 1978, the Swedish health authorities approved the insertion of dental implants for clinical purposes, and Brånemark entered into a partnership with Bofors to industrialize his ideas and bring them to a broader market. A new company, Bofors Nobelpharma (later Nobelpharma), was founded in 1981 in Gothenburg, Sweden to commercialize Professor Brånemark's findings. The company launched a number of new products including abutments, drilling equipment and an instrument kit. In 1982, Brånemark presented his results at the Toronto Conference on Osseointegration in Clinical Dentistry. In the same year, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the use of titanium dental implants in the United States. In 1983, Dr. Matts Andersson developed the Procera® System of high-precision, repeatable manufacturing of dental crowns. This was a fully automated method for the industrial CAD/CAM production of dental prosthetics. Nobelpharma acquired the new technology in 1988. After the FDA approval for titanium implants, in 1983, Nobelpharma USA Inc. was established. The company began selling the Brånemark System in the United States. Subsidiaries Nobelpharma Canada Inc. and Nobelpharma Japan Inc. were established in the same decade, along with other offshoots in France, Spain, Australia, Italy, Germany and the UK. The company made a profit for the first time in 1989. In this year, the Swedish National Board of Health and Welfare approved the Procera technique. The 1990s At the turn of the decade, osseointegration, as an observed process, was 25 years old. In 1990, Brånemark System was registered as a trademark in the US. In 1993, in need of further sources of funding to continue its expansion and growth plans, Nobelpharma was listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange in 1994. In 1996, the company changed its name to Nobel Biocare. Nobel Biocare acquired the American implant manufacturer Steri-Oss Inc. in 1998. In the later part of the decade, Nobel Biocare opened a manufacturing plant in Mahwah, New Jersey, USA. The new century In 2002, the company changed its organizational structure by establishing a domicile in Switzerland with a newly founded group parent company. The primary listing of the shares was changed to the SIX SwissExchange (in 2008, the listing at the OMX Exchange in Stockholm was discontinued). In 2014, Danaher Corporation bought Nobel Biocare and as of 2015 is no longer listed on the SIX SwissExchange. In July 2018, Danaher announced its intention to spin off its $2.8 billion dental segment into an independent publicly traded company. They named Amir Aghdaei, who at the time was President of Danaher's Dental Platform, to be President and CEO of the new company upon completion of the transaction. The corporate spin-off was completed in December 2019, with the new company called Envista Holdings Corporation. Products Nobel Biocare offers dental implants, restorative components, CAD/CAM prosthetics, and biomaterials. Dental implants can replace single or multiple missing teeth. They are placed in a patient's jaw bone to provide a fixation for any prosthetic add-on, such as a crown, similar to the way the root of a tooth provides firm anchoring. There are several implant types that differ in their shape with their use depending on patients’ medical treatment requirements and the clinician's preference. Manufacturing plants for dental implants are based in Karlskoga (Sweden), Yorba Linda (USA), and Tel Aviv (Israel). Under the brand name NobelProcera, Nobel Biocare has a portfolio of dental prosthetic solutions and related components. Manufacturing plants for dental prosthetic solutions are based in Mahwah (USA) and Chiba (Japan). Nobel Biocare develops software for clinicians for diagnosing patients and planning treatments. In 2005, the company introduced guided surgery to the field of dental implantology. Footnotes “Annual Report 2013” (PDF). Nobel Biocare Nobel Biocare rejects bone loss claims (English), The Local, December 16, 2005 All clear for Nobel Biocare (English), The Local, February 7, 2006 Danaher acquiers nobel biocare holding (English), The Local, September 15, 2014 References Medical technology companies of Switzerland Dental companies Swedish brands Swiss brands 2015 mergers and acquisitions Danaher subsidiaries Companies based in the canton of Zürich
Rear Admiral Christopher John Parry, (born 29 November 1953) is a British retired Royal Navy officer who was the first chair of the British Government's Marine Management Organisation until November 2010. Education Parry was educated at Portsmouth Grammar School, Jesus College, Oxford, where he read modern history, and the University of Reading, where his Doctor of Philosophy degree was awarded in 2017 for a thesis titled "Do Norman Dixon's theories about incompetence apply to senior naval commanders?" Naval career Parry joined the Royal Navy as a seaman officer in 1972 and then became an observer in the Fleet Air Arm in 1979. In 1982, he was mentioned in despatches for his actions during the Falklands War, his part in rescuing sixteen SAS troopers from Fortuna Glacier in South Georgia and for the detection and disabling of the Argentinian submarine Santa Fe. He believes depth charges he launched were the first "shots" fired in the recapture of the Falklands. In 1989, he was promoted to commander. He commanded the air defence destroyer and the Maritime Warfare Centre. In June 1997, he was promoted to captain and in January 2000 was posted as commanding officer of . As a commodore, he was Director Operational Capability in the Ministry of Defence (2000–2003) and then Commander Amphibious Task Group from September 2003. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2004 Birthday Honours. He was promoted to rear admiral in January 2005 when he became Director General, Development, Concepts and Doctrine, a role he held until 2008. Recent activities Since June 2008, Parry has worked in the private sector and as a writer, broadcaster and speaker. He served as the first chair of the British Government's Marine Management Organisation from April 2010 to November 2010. On 12 June 2010, in an interview on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, he described the planning for the UK's 2006 deployment of 3,300 troops to Helmand Province in Afghanistan as flawed, relying too much on lessons from Borneo, Malaya and Northern Ireland. The subsequent BBC News article quotes him as saying that senior commanders had obdurately resisted "ditching the lessons from the past", preferring these to the "radical and progressive ideas" which were needed. Works References 1953 births Living people Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford Commanders of the Order of the British Empire Naval War College Review people People educated at The Portsmouth Grammar School Military personnel from Portsmouth Royal Navy rear admirals Royal Navy personnel of the Falklands War
Ut-napishtim is a legendary king of Shuruppak in southern Iraq, who survived the Flood by making a boat. He is called by different names in different traditions: Ubar-Tutu ("Friend of the god Tutu") or Ziusudra ("Life of long days", rendered Xisuthros, Ξίσουθρος in Berossus) in the earliest, Sumerian versions, later Shuruppak (after his city), Atra-Hasis ("exceeding wise") in the earliest Akkadian sources, and Uta-napishtim ("he has found life" ) in later Akkadian sources such as the Epic of Gilgamesh. Uta-napishtim is the eighth of the antediluvian kings in Mesopotamian legend, just as Noah is the eighth from Enosh in Genesis. He would have lived around 2900 BC, corresponding to the flood deposit at Shuruppak between the Jemdet Nasr and Early Dynastic levels. In the Mesopotamian stories he is tasked by the god Enki (Akkadian: Ea) to create a giant ship to be called Preserver of Life in preparation of a giant flood that would wipe out all life. The character appears in the Epic of Gilgamesh. The story of Utnapishtim has drawn scholarly comparisons due to the similarities between it and the storylines about Noah in the Bible. Story Ut-napishtim is tasked by the god Enki to abandon his worldly possessions and create a giant ship to be called Preserver of Life. In Erra and Išum, Marduk is said to have been the originator of the flood and the Seven Sages. The Preserver of Life was made of solid timber, so that the rays of Shamash (the sun) would not shine in, and of equal dimensions in length and width. The design of the ship was supposedly drawn on the ground by Enki, and the frame of the ark, which was made in five days, was 200 feet in length, width and height, with a floor-space of one acre. The ark interior had seven floors, each floor divided into 9 sections, finishing the ark fully on the seventh day. The entrance to the ship was sealed once everyone had boarded the ship. He was also tasked with bringing his wife, family, and relatives along with the craftsmen of his village, baby animals, and grains. The oncoming flood would wipe out all animals and people not on the ship. After twelve days on the water, Utnapishtim opened the hatch of his ship to look around and saw the slopes of Mount Nisir, where he rested his ship for seven days. On the seventh day, he sent a dove out to see if the water had receded, and the dove could find nothing but water, so it returned. Then he sent out a swallow, and just as before, it returned, having found nothing. Finally, Utnapishtim sent out a raven, and the raven saw that the waters had receded, so it circled around, but did not return. Utnapishtim then set all the animals free, and made a sacrifice to the gods. The gods came, and because he had preserved the seed of man while remaining loyal and trusting of his gods, Utnapishtim and his wife were given immortality, as well as a place among the heavenly gods. Enki (Ea) also claims that he did not tell "Atrahasis" (apparently referring to Utnapishtim) about the flood, but rather that he only made a dream appear to him. Role in the epic In the epic, overcome with the death of his friend Enkidu, the hero Gilgamesh sets out on a series of journeys to search for his ancestor Utnapishtim (Xisouthros) who lives at the mouth of the rivers and has been given eternal life. Utnapishtim counsels Gilgamesh to abandon his search for immortality, but gives him a trial to defy sleep if he wishes to obtain immortality. Gilgamesh failing at his trial to defy sleep, Utnapishtim next tells him about a plant that can make him young again. Gilgamesh obtains the plant from the bottom of the sea in Dilmun (often considered to be current-day Kuwait) but a serpent steals it, and Gilgamesh returns home to the city of Uruk, having abandoned hope of either immortality or renewed youth. See also Atra-Hasis Deucalion Flood myth Ziusudra References Characters in the Epic of Gilgamesh Flood myths
Antigua and Barbuda does not have any permanent rivers. Following is a list of streams in Antigua. Barbuda does not have any streams. Antigua Ayers Creek Cooks Creek Fitches Creek References Water Resources Assessment of Dominica, Antigua, Barbuda, St. Kitts and Nevis , GEOnet Names Server Antigua and Barbuda Antigua Antigua and Barbuda geography-related lists
Tony Tough and the Night of Roasted Moths is a 1999 adventure game developed by Nayma Software. The game's first appearance was in December 1997 in Torino during the multimedia event Saloon.bit at Nayma Expo-Stand and then on March 24, 1998 in Firenze during the MediARTech International Exhibition, where the game got attention from main Italian computer magazines and distributors. Tony Tough received one sequel: Tony Tough 2: A Rake's Progress (2006). In 2011, Tony Tough entered the ScummVM project. On October 24, 2012, the game was launched again under license from DotEmu, a retro-gaming company based in Paris, France. Gameplay Players control the titular Tony Tough, a private detective described as "a gnome-sized, nasal-voiced hypochondriac momma’s boy", guiding him through the game by positioning the cursor over objects and instructing Tony to interact with them. The game shares many traits with titles such as Day of the Tentacle, which it has been compared with by reviewers. These include a focus on conversations with strange characters, puzzle solving, and combining and using items found throughout the game. The graphics and animation are cartoon-like. Two modes of play are present; beginner mode has fewer puzzles and does not feature the two in-game mini-games. Plot Development Tony Tough began development in 1997. It was released in 1999. International release In France, the game was released in 2003 by Focus Home Interactive. The publisher was inspired to release the game because of the commercial success of Runaway: A Road Adventure. Reception Tony Toughs German publisher, DTP Entertainment, remarked in 2004 that the game's performance in the region was "satisfying, but I would lie if I talked of a 'hit'." They noted that sales had been damaged by competition from Broken Sword: The Sleeping Dragon and Uru: Ages Beyond Myst, thanks to its launch during the holiday shopping season. In France, Focus Home Interactive's Cédric Lagarrigue reported conservative sales forecasts for Tony Tough, but said in August 2003 that its "first sales results are satisfactory". Summarizing its overall commercial performance, Randy Sluganski of Just Adventure remarked that the game "just did not sell." See also El Tesoro de Isla Alcachofa Hollywood Monsters The Watchmaker Tony Tough 2: A Rake's Progress References External links Tony Tough Official Website Nayma Software official website 1999 video games Linux games macOS games Adventure games Detective video games Halloween video games Point-and-click adventure games ScummVM-supported games Video games developed in Italy Windows games Got Game Entertainment games Single-player video games DTP Entertainment games
Food Service Solutions, Inc is a software development company based out of Altoona, Pennsylvania that successfully designed and implemented biometrics into a lunchline. Founded in 1989, FSS uses biometric scanning technology to provide services for educational and institutional foodservice providers. The company has established a position of market leadership addressing two problems in school-based foodservice operations. The first is that school children eligible for free or reduce-fee lunches through government assistance programs often fail to participate because of the perceived social stigma associated with showing a special card or meal ticket in front of other students. The second is that in the foodservice POS industry, software has historically been proprietary, cumbersome for clients to self-administer, and difficult to integrate with other technologies. FSS also has a webservice, www.myschoolaccount.com where parents can view what their child has been eating, what their lunch account balance is and also make payments with their credit card or checking/savings account. References Companies based in Blair County, Pennsylvania American companies established in 1989 Software companies based in Pennsylvania Privately held companies based in Pennsylvania 1989 establishments in Pennsylvania Software companies established in 1989
RoboGEO is a geocoding software program which synchronizes a Global Positioning System tracklog with a collection of time-coded pictures. A demo is available for download on the Internet. The demo intentionally adds errors of around a kilometer into the data. One main feature of the Software is its capability to imprint Metadata on to the Photo, so is it possible to visualize Coordinates for example. For other methods of geocoding images, see Geocoded photo. References External links http://robogeo.com/ - official site GIS software
Daedalus; or, Science and the Future is a book by the British scientist J. B. S. Haldane, published in England in 1924. It was the text of a lecture read to the Heretics Society (an intellectual club at the University of Cambridge) on 4 February 1923. Haldane uses the Greek myth of Daedalus as a symbol for the revolutionary nature of science with particular regard to his own discipline of biology. The chemical or physical inventor is always a Prometheus. There is no great invention, from fire to flying, which has not been hailed as an insult to some god. But if every physical and chemical invention is a blasphemy, every biological invention is a perversion. There is hardly one which, on first being brought to the notice of an observer from any nation which had not previously heard of their existence, would not appear to him as indecent and unnatural. He also expressed skepticism over the human benefits of some scientific advances, arguing that scientific advance would bring grief, rather than progress to mankind, unless it was accompanied by a similar advance in ethics. The book is an early vision of transhumanism and his vision of a future in which humans controlled their own evolution through directed mutation and use of in vitro fertilisation ("ectogenesis") was a major influence on Aldous Huxley's Brave New World. The book ends with the image of a biologist, much like Haldane himself, in a laboratory: "just a poor little scrubby underpaid man groping blindly amid the mazes of the ultramicroscope... conscious of his ghastly mission and proud of it." The book has been discussed at length by other writers, including Freeman Dyson in his book Imagined Worlds and Sal Restivo in Science, Society, and Values, and the concept has been used in contemporary science lectures. References External links book at Hathi Trust 1924 non-fiction books Evolutionary biology literature Biology books English non-fiction literature Works by J. B. S. Haldane Transhumanist books Books about science Ethics books Books of lectures
Browsewrap (also browserwrap or browse-wrap license) is a term used in Internet law to refer to a contract or license agreement covering access to or use of materials on a web site or downloadable product. In a browse-wrap agreement, the terms and conditions of use for a website or other downloadable product are posted on the website, typically as a hyperlink at the bottom of the screen. Unlike a clickwrap agreement, where the user must manifest assent to the terms and conditions by clicking on an "I agree" box, a browse-wrap agreement does not require this type of express manifestation of assent. Rather, a web-site user purportedly gives their consent simply by using the product — such as by entering the website or downloading software. Browse-wrap agreements, like clickwrap agreements, derive their name by analogy to the "shrink wrap agreements" included inside the sealed packaging of tangible products, where one can not see the agreement until the product has been purchased or used. Courts that have ruled on the issue have held that the validity of a browse-wrap agreement primarily depends on whether a website user has actual or constructive notice of the terms and conditions prior to using the website or other product. Case law In Specht v. Netscape, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals looked at the enforceability of a browse-wrap contract entered into on the Netscape website. Users of the site were urged to download free software available on the site by clicking on a tinted button labeled "download". Only if a user scrolled down the page to the next screen did he come upon an invitation to review the full terms of the program's license agreement, available by hyperlink. The plaintiffs, who had not seen the agreement, downloaded the software and then were later sued for violations of federal privacy and computer fraud statutes arising from the use of the software. The Second Circuit then noted that an essential ingredient to contract formation is the mutual manifestation of assent. The court found that "a consumer's clicking on a download button does not communicate assent to contractual terms if the offer did not make clear to the consumer that clicking on the download button would signify assent to those terms." Because the plaintiffs were not put on notice of these terms they were not bound by them. In Ticketmaster v. Tickets.com, the court looked at a breach of contract claim where the terms and conditions were situated at the bottom of the home page in "small print." The court ruled for the defendant in this case but did allow Ticketmaster to replead if there were facts showing that the defendant had knowledge of the terms and implicitly agreed to them. In 2005, the Illinois Appellate Court ruled in favor of a browse-wrap agreement in Hubbert v. Dell Corp. In this case consumers of Dell products were repeatedly shown the words "All sales are subject to Dell's Term[s] and Conditions of Sale", including a conspicuous hyperlink, over a series of pages. The court found that this repeated exposure and visual effect would put a reasonable person on notice of the "terms and conditions". In contrast, in 2014, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ruled in Nguyen v. Barnes & Noble, Inc. that Barnes & Noble's 2011 Terms of Use agreement, presented in a browse-wrap manner via hyperlinks alone, was not enforceable since it failed to offer users reasonable notice of the terms. Similarly, in In re Zappos.com, Inc., Customer Data Security Breach Litigation, the United States District Court for the District of Nevada ruled against Zappos.com's browsewrap terms of use, describing that its presentation was not prominent, and that no reasonable user would have read the agreement. Summary A browse-wrap agreement can be formed by use of a web page or a hyperlink or small disclaimer on the page. It may only be enforced if the browsing user assents to it. For assent to occur the browse-wrap agreement should be conspicuous, state that there is an agreement, and provide where it can be located. Courts examine the enforceability of browse-wrap agreements on a case-by-case basis, and there are no "bright-line" rules on whether a given agreement is sufficiently conspicuous. However, based on Specht, some practitioners believe that the icon for the terms of use agreement be placed in the upper left-hand quadrant of the homepage and that all visitors be channeled through the homepage. The reason for this suggestion is that the court will take judicial notice of the fact that all Internet pages open from the upper left-hand quadrant, thus the defendant must overcome the presumption that the icon was viewed. Without this presumption, the plaintiff has the burden of proving the defendant did see the icon. See also Electronic signature Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (ESIGN) References External links Consumer Project on Technology's collection of Browsewrap Clauses in Current Shrinkwrap and Clickwrap Contracts United States contract law Software licenses Computer law
The Everun Note is a subnotebook / netbook computer designed by Raon Digital. At the time of its introduction, it was noted for the performance of its Turion 64 X2 dual core processor, getting high scores in benchmark testing. The Everun Note is also noted for being particularly small, given the relatively high resolution of the screen (1024x600 pixels) and taking the approach of using a touch screen instead of the touchpad that is commonly found on budget netbooks. Retailers in the U.S. are offering the Linux model pre-installed with an unspecified Ubuntu release. External links Manufacturer's Website Everun Note Information and Support Forum (Appointed by Manufacturer) References Subnotebooks Netbooks
GVfs (abbreviation for GNOME virtual file system) is GNOME's userspace virtual filesystem designed to work with the I/O abstraction of GIO, a library available in GLib since version 2.15.1. It installs several modules that are automatically used by applications using the APIs of libgio. There is also FUSE support that allows applications not using GIO to access the GVfs filesystems. A cause of confusion is the fact that the file system abstraction used by the Linux kernel is also called the virtual file system (VFS) layer. This is however at a lower level. The GVfs model differs from e.g. GnomeVFS, which it replaces, in that file systems must be mounted before they are used. There is a master daemon (gvfsd) that handles coordinating mounts, and then each mount is (typically) in its own daemon process (although mounts can share daemon process). GVfs comes with a set of back-ends, including trash support, SFTP, FTP, WebDAV, SMB, and local data via Udev integration, OBEX, MTP and others. GVfs does not seem to support the Files transferred over shell protocol (FISH). GVfs also contains modules for GIO that implement volume monitors and the GNOME URI scheme handler configuration. There is a set of arguments to the command line program "gio" that lets you run commands (like cat, ls, stat, mount, etc.) on files in the GVfs mounts. Attached resources are exposed via a URI syntax, for example smb://server01/gamedata or ftp://username:password@ftp.example.net/public_html, but are also mounted in the traditional manner under ~/.gvfs/ or /run/user/$UID/gvfs or $XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/gvfs directory to make them available to applications using standard POSIX commands and I/O. Technical details Along with generally useful APIs such as networking and D-Bus support, GIO also provides a VFS API to applications. GVfs provides implementations that go beyond that and allow to access files and storage using many protocols. GVfs provides implementations for various network file systems as loadable modules. Additionally GVfs also provides support for trash, network or recent folders, for CD burning and for monitoring interesting devices and volumes on the computer. The goal of GVfs has been to overcome the shortcomings of GnomeVFS and provide an API that is so good that developers prefer it over raw POSIX calls. Among other things that means using GObject. It also means not cloning the POSIX API, but providing higher-level, document-centric interfaces. GTK can directly use it, e.g. in the filechooser. Applications use GVfs indirectly, by means of GIO loading the GVfs module that implements the GIO extension points. The GVfs main daemon gvfsd spawns further mount daemons for each individual connection. The GVfs support for volume monitoring is included in a separate loadable module. The actual GVfs implementation is distributed over a number of processes. GVfs can use FUSE to mount its VFS directly onto the filesystem. It consists of two parts: a shared library which is loaded by applications supporting GIO GVfs itself, which contains a collection of daemons which communicate with each other and the GIO module over D-Bus. A collection of command-line utilities (such as gvfs-mount, gvfs-less) works with VFS resources. https://developer.gnome.org/gio/stable/ch01.html#gvfs-overview Please refer to https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/gvfs/backends for the official documentation. Hot plugging Devices connected over eSATA or USB are (supposed to be) physically hot-pluggable. When a device is physically connected to or physically removed from the computer system, the Linux kernel notices and sends out an event to user-space. systemd-udevd receives such events and responds to them according to its quite comprehensive configuration: manages the special file system devfs mounted to /dev, hence systemd-udevd dynamically creates and removes device nodes from /dev, it also loads drivers as necessary at boot time in case of a block device systemd-udevd notifies udisksd, and gvfsd and gvfs-udisks2-volume-monitor. The udisks2 daemon udisksd serves as an interface to system block devices, implemented via D-Bus. It handles operations such as querying, mounting, unmounting, formatting, or detaching storage devices such as hard disks or USB thumb drives. This package also provides the udisksctl utility, which can be used to trigger these operations from the command line (if permitted by PolicyKit). Packaging In Debian the GVfs is packaged into four packages: gvfs, gvfs-daemons, gvfs-bin and gvfs-backends. See also GNOME Files, the file manager for GNOME desktops, allows users to interact with GVfs filesystems Thunar, the file manager for the Xfce desktop environment, also provides filesytem abstraction using the GVfs library KIO, a similar facility for KDE systems Archivemount, a virtual filesystem implementation specifically for accessing archive files References External links Applications using D-Bus GNOME Software that uses Meson
In emulation learning, subjects learn about parts of their environment and use this to achieve their own goals and is an observational learning mechanism (sometimes called social learning mechanisms). In this context, emulation was first coined by child psychologist David Wood in 1988. In 1990 "emulation" was taken up by Michael Tomasello to explain the findings of an earlier study on ape social learning. The meaning of the term emulation has changed gradually over time. Emulation is different from imitation - because emulation focuses on the action's environmental results instead of a model's action themselves. The fidelity of an observational learning mechanism is expected to have profound implications for its capacity for cultural transmission. Emulation is argued by some to produce only fleeting fidelity - though this is still being discussed. History of the term In the original version, emulation referred to observers understanding objects in their potential to help them achieve desired results. They gained this understanding (or were triggered in their understanding) by seeing demonstrators achieving these very results with these objects. The actions performed by the demonstrators however were not copied, so it was concluded that observers learn "from the demonstration, that the tool may be used to obtain the food" (Tomasello et al., 1987). In 1996, Tomasello redefined the term: "The individual observing and learning some affordances of the behavior of another animal, and then using what it has learned in devising its own behavioral strategies, is what I have called emulation learning. ... an individual is not just attracted to the location of another but actually learns something about the environment as a result of its behavior". An even later definition further clarifies: "In emulation learning, learners see the movement of the objects involved and then come to some insight about its relevance to their own problems". Here animals are described as learning some physics or causal relations of the environment. This does not necessarily involve a very complex understanding of abstract phenomena (as to what defines a "tool as a tool"). Emulation comprises a large span of cognitive complexity, from minimal cognitive complexity to complex levels. Emulation was originally invented as a "cognitivist's alternative" to associative learning (Tomasello, 1999), spanning learning about how things function and their "affordances" put to the use of achieving one's own goals: "Emulation learning in tool-use tasks seems to require the perception and understanding of some causal relations among objects". This necessarily involves some "insight" – a cognitive domain. To further highlight this point Call & Carpenter wrote in 2001: "it would be a harder task to teach robots to emulate than it is already to teach them to imitate". Current theory Huang & Chaman (2005) have summarized the different connotations of emulation that are being discussed. These versions are: "end state emulation", "goal emulation", "object movement reenactment", and "emulation via affordance learning". In their words: in end state emulation "the presence of an end result motivates an observer to replicate the result without explicitly encoding it in relation to the model's goal". In goal emulation, "an observer attributes a goal to the model while attempting to devise his or her own strategy to reproduce the end result". In object movement reenactment "when an observer sees an object or its parts move, and that movement leads to a salient outcome, seeing the object movement might motivate the observer to reproduce the outcome". Emulation via affordance learning "refers to a process whereby an observer detects stimulus consequences, such as dynamic properties and temporal–spatial causal relations of objects, through watching the object movements". Byrne (2002) has come up with a slightly different classification, and which is looking more closely at the learning on the object level. He distinguishes three forms: 1) learning physical properties of objects 2) learning the relationships among objects 3) understanding cause-and-effect relationships and changes of state of objects (e.g. "that a stick can be used as a rake"). Experimental approaches Emulation has been researched in a diverse range of species, including humans. The methodology most often applied is the so-called ghost-condition – put forward by Cecilia Heyes and colleagues in 1994. Ghost condition demonstrations do not involve any information on body movements. Instead, the parts of the apparatus move as if a ghost moves them (for this purpose often very thin fishing line is attached to the moving parts and which transmits the necessary forces). While the use of this method (and subsequently the interpretation of findings) has been criticized on the basis of it lacking ecological validity (it is a strange thing for non-animate objects to move on their own accord), it succeeded in showing that environmental information can be enough for observational learning to occur (work on pigeons). Thus, the general validity of the ghost condition is now established. Chimpanzees tested with this methodology have sometimes failed to copy, but copied in another study – as did dogs. Recently it was shown that in human children, emulation learning enables children to copy in a constructive task solutions that they themselves were unable to produce on their own, an important stepping stone for cumulative culture. This study therefore showed, empirically, that imitation is not a necessary requirement for cumulative culture (contra to some previous claims). See also Cognitive imitation Culture Modeling (psychology) Observational learning Social learning and cumulative cultural evolution References Further reading Tennie, C., Call, J. & Tomasello M. (2009). Ratcheting up the ratchet: on the evolution of cumulative culture. Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society, 364, 2405-2415. Whiten, A. Horner, V., Litchfield, C. A., & Marshall-Pescini, S. (2004). How do apes ape?. Learning & Behavior, 32, 36-52. Zentall, T.R. (2006). Imitation: Definitions, evidence, and mechanisms. Animal Cognition, 9, 335-353. Animal cognition Social learning theory
Arabian Nights is a platform game first released on the Amiga in 1993. It was produced by Krisalis Software. The game was originally released on two floppy disks but later became available on CD for the Amiga CD32 release. The game was developed by Visiware Studios. The player controls Sinbad Junior, a lowly gardener who witnesses the kidnap of the princess by a dragon. After Sinbad Junior tries to save her from the flying dragon, he ends up falling back to Earth and becoming unconscious before awakening in a prison accused of sorcery and capturing the woman he tried to save. Gameplay The game begins in these dungeons as the player fight his way out over traps and through guards, and then through another nine stages in nine different environments. Throughout levels a hint interface is featured in the game where pressing space bar when a light bulb appears over the player's head will result in him being rewarded with a clue or a warning about danger up ahead. There are many secret doors around the levels which can be accessed by ducking at the correct spot and pressing attack. These secret doors are usually marked by a door or a small tunnel in the background graphic. Most secret doors contain the currency of the level, which changes frequently. In the prison level that comes first, the currency is gems. However, the currency becomes coins in the forest level that comes after the prison level. This currency can be used to purchase key items from NPCs around the stage necessary to progress through the level. Sometimes the gameplay changes significantly. For example, in one level the player is required to fly a magic carpet, and in another he is required to race an opponent on a mine cart through tunnels. Reception References External links Arabian Nights at Lemon Amiga Arabian Nights at Amiga Hall of Light Gameplay video 1993 video games Amiga games Amiga-only games Amiga CD32 games Europe-exclusive video games Krisalis Software games Platformers Video games based on fairy tales Video games based on Arabian mythology Video games developed in the United Kingdom Video games scored by Matt Furniss Video games based on One Thousand and One Nights
Qumu Corporation provides an enterprise video platform that creates, manages, secures, distributes and measures the success of live and on-demand video within the enterprise. Common use cases for the company’s products include executive webcasts, virtual events, employee collaboration and training. The Qumu platform is offered in three implementation types: cloud-based software-as-a-service (SaaS), on-premises, and hybrid. Originally focused on Global 2000 companies with high security, reliability and global video delivery requirements, in 2020 Qumu began providing its SaaS products to small and medium enterprises as video became core to operations in smaller businesses. The company’s customer base includes organizations in six verticals markets: banking and finance, health and life science, professional services, manufacturing, telecommunications, and government. History Qumu was founded in 2002, when Yahoo! purchased the dot-com era search engine company Inktomi. As part of that transaction, Yahoo received a technology for managing and publishing video assets called Media Publisher, originally developed by eScene. Two entrepreneurs and former eScene executives approached Yahoo with an offer for the Media Publisher product. They spent the next six years developing it into an enterprise video platform and renamed the company Qumu in 2008. In 2014, Qumu acquired London-based video platform provider Kulu Valley and rebranded their video platform as Qumu Cloud. In October 2015, Qumu named Vern Hanzlik President and CEO. Hanzlik was a founder of content management technology company Stellent, which sold to Oracle for $440 million in 2006. In July 2020, Qumu appointed technology executive TJ Kennedy as Chief Executive Officer. In September 2020, Qumu launched its Zoom app. Qumu was acquired by TSX-listed company Enghouse Systems Ltd in an all-cash deal worth million in February 2023. References External links 2023 mergers and acquisitions Companies based in Minneapolis Computer peripheral companies Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq
DAA or Daa may refer to: People Ludvig Kristensen Daa, Norwegian historian, ethnologist, auditor, editor of magazines and newspapers, educator and politician Yinduu Daa, also known as Daai Chin, ethnic tribe of Myanmar Claus Daa, a Danish nobleman and landowner Technology Data access arrangement, in telecommunications Designated Approving Authority, in the US Department of Defense, an individual who provides oversight of an IT environment Detect and Avoid, a set of technologies designed to avoid interference of UWB upon other networks Direct Access Archive, a file format for disk images Authentication Data Authentication Algorithm, a former American standard for authentication codes Digest access authentication, protocol for negotiating browser user credentials Direct anonymous attestation, remote authentication of a trusted computer Other Daa, a ward in the Arusha Region of Tanzania Danmarks Adels Aarbog, (Yearbook of the Danish Nobility), a genealogical publication Davison Army Airfield, Virginia, United States, a military airport Decare, a metric area unit equivalent to 1000 square metres Delaware Aerospace Academy, a camp program run by the Delaware AeroSpace Education Foundation Designers Against Aids, a non-profit organization which battles against AIDS, together with artists, designers and companies Diacetone alcohol, a chemical used as an intermediate and solvent Dictionary of Australian Artists Dubai American Academy, an educational institute located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates DAA (Irish company), an Irish company that operates Dublin Airport and Cork Airport
Johannes Wilsing (8 September 1856 – 23 December 1943) was a German astronomer. He was born in Berlin, where he was educated in addition to Göttingen. In 1880 he was awarded his Ph.D. from Humboldt-Universität of Berlin with a dissertation titled, Über den Einfluss von Luftdruck und Wärme auf die Pendelbewegung (On the influence of air pressure and heat on the movement of a pendulum). In 1881 he joined the Astrophysical Observatory Potsdam (AOP) as an assistant, and would remain there until he retired. His early career was spent on solar studies, including observations of sunspots and derivations of the rotation period. In 1897 he measured the parallax of 61 Cygni, a relatively nearby star. He became an observer at the AOP in 1898, and the following year he collaborated with Julius Scheiner in an unsuccessful attempt to measure the radio emission from the Sun. The same year he attempted to interpret the spectrum of novae. He performed extensive work on the luminosity, colors, and diameters of stars. He retired in 1921 and died in Potsdam. The crater Wilsing on the Moon is named after him. External links Johannes Wilsing Mathematics genealogy project 1856 births 1943 deaths 20th-century German astronomers 19th-century German astronomers German astronomers
In Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD , or the always-full device, is a special file that always returns the error code (meaning "No space left on device") on writing, and provides an infinite number of zero bytes to any process that reads from it (similar to ). This device is usually used when testing the behaviour of a program when it encounters a "disk full" error. $ echo "Hello world" > /dev/full bash: echo: write error: No space left on device History Support for the always-full device in Linux is documented as early as 2007. Native support was added to FreeBSD in the 11.0 release in 2016, which had previously supported it through an optional module called lindev. The full device appeared in NetBSD 8. See also Fault injection in 9front References Device file Software testing Unix file system technology
D2D may refer to: Technology Device-to-device, proximity-based direct communications between mobile nodes orchestrated by the cellular operator Direct2D, a hardware-accelerated 2D API built on top of Direct3D 10 Direct2Drive, an online video game and entertainment distributor and retail store Other uses Door-to-door, a sales or political technique for engaging an audience Dot to Dot Festival, a music festival in the United Kingdom Delhi 2 Dublin, a Canadian world music band
Online engineering (OE; Sometimes also referred to as remote engineering) is a current trend in engineering and science, aiming to allow and organize a shared use of equipment and resources, but also specialized software (such as for example simulators). Reasons for the growing importance of sharing engineering resources are: the growing complexity of engineering tasks, more and more specialized and expensive equipment as well as software tools and simulators, the necessary use of expensive equipment and software tools/simulators in short-time projects, the application of high-tech equipment also in SMEs, the need of high qualified staff to control recent equipment, the demands of globalization and division of labor, The International Association of Online Engineering (IAOE) is an international non-profit organization with the objective of encouraging the wider development, distribution and application of online engineering. The main forum of online engineering community is the annual International Conference on Remote Engineering and Virtual Instrumentation (REV). See also Electronics Virtual instrumentation Virtual education Virtual learning environment References External links International Association of Online Engineering (IAOE) International Conference on Remote Engineering and Virtual Instrumentation (REV) Engineering OnLine Continuous Learning Engineering concepts E-Science
Quantm is a software package, marketed as Trimble Quantm, that is used to design road alignments and railway alignments. The program performs an otherwise tedious and laborious task where an immense amount of data are involved and choices have to be made between a considerable number of options. The Quantm software takes the data and constraints into account and generates a prioritised list of optimised alignments that the user can choose between. Quantm was originally developed by the Australian research organisation CSIRO. The software was bought in 2006 by Trimble Navigation (now Trimble, Inc.) and further developed at Trimble Alignment Planning Solutions in Melbourne, Australia. Examples - Iron ore railway in Cameroon from Mbalam. References Transport software
Allan Kozinn (born July 28, 1954) is an American journalist, music critic, and teacher. Kozinn received bachelor's degrees in music and journalism from Syracuse University in 1976. He began freelancing as a critic and music feature writer for The New York Times in 1977, and joined the paper's staff in 1991. Before joining the Times, he was a contributing editor to High Fidelity and Keynote magazines, and a frequent contributor to Guitar Player, Keyboard, Pulse and other publications. He was also the first music critic for The New York Observer. Kozinn has written a number of books, including Guitar: The History, the Music, the Players (1984), Mischa Elman and the Romantic Style (1990), The Beatles (1995), Classical Music: A Critic's Guide to the 100 Most Important Recordings (2004), Got That Something: How the Beatles' I Want to Hold Your Hand Changed Everything (2014) and Spoleto 40 - Spoleto Festival USA 40 Years (2016). In 2014, Kozinn began working with researcher Adrian Sinclair on The McCartney Legacy, a multi-volume biography of Paul McCartney. Volume 1 was published in December 2022. Kozinn joined the faculty of New York University in 2004, where he taught courses in music criticism, Baroque music literature and the Beatles through 2014. He also taught a course in the history of musical interpretation at the Juilliard School. In September 2012, The New York Times reassigned Kozinn from his former duties as a classical music critic to general cultural reporting, which caused controversy at the time. In December 2014, Kozinn left the Times, as part of a round of layoffs and buyouts at the newspaper. He moved to Portland, Maine, in 2015, and was the classical music critic at the Portland Press Herald from 2015 to 2020, and a freelance critic for the Times, The Wall Street Journal and The Washington Post. Kozinn is married to the writer Paula Brochu. The couple resides in Portland, Maine. References External links New York University, Tisch School of the Arts, faculty page on Allan Kozinn American music critics Syracuse University alumni New York University faculty Living people Classical music critics Critics employed by The New York Times 1954 births Place of birth missing (living people)
Adequacy.org was a satirical web site. It featured articles on politics, religion, technology, history, and sociology, as well as the "Linux Zealot" cartoon series. The site shut down on September 11, 2002, but has since made its archives available. Adequacy.org's slogan was "News for grown-ups," a play on the slogan of the popular Slashdot technology news site, "News for nerds. Stuff that matters," as an Adequacy's founding editor claimed to have been a regular troll on Slashdot. Background The Adequacy authors began as trolls on Slashdot and Kuro5hin, other technology-oriented discussion sites. They devised and posted many comments designed to provoke outraged responses; common styles included slighting a revered operating system or open source leader, or posting messages with simple but deliberate technical errors, which would incite hundreds of corrections. After several years of such behavior, the Adequacy authors decided to open their own site consisting entirely of such articles intended to incite the reader, where users "in the know" would post comments agreeing with the articles. Behind the scenes, the targets of the articles would be enticed to come to Adequacy and read the article. Adequacy members would post to weblogs, and other discussion forums, often pretending to be outraged by the article themselves. As an example, the article Not Just Harmless Fun, which argues that all anime is hentai and is designed to destroy Christian morals, was promoted on Usenet as such: "the author is some kind of Christian lunatic who believes that anime is all about paedophilia!". The person behind this Usenet posting was James "spiralx" Skinner, also known as "Jon Erikson", the author of the article in question. He later stated, "I wrote the article to wind up anime-loving geeks." Adequacy style A popular device used in Adequacy articles was to hyperlink almost every word or phrase to another article on the Internet, related to the specific word or phrase linked, often humorously, but meaningless in the context of the article. Confined perspectives concerning subjects such as the British Empire were openly mocked; or the sentence "we survived a hardy winter" might have the word "hardy" linked to an article on Laurel and Hardy. Adequacy would also occasionally hyperlink to itself using words like "controversy" or phrases such as "the world's most controversial web site". Adequacy would often deliberately misspell the targets of its satire. For example, Linux was always written as "Lunix", which has connotations of "lunatics" (although this spelling was already widely used in humorous contexts elsewhere, notably by Jeff K). Linus Torvalds was written as either "Linux Torvalds", "Lunix Torvaldez" or "Linyos Torovoltos", and claimed to be a native of various countries, most often Russia. There were also technological in-jokes such as the idea of "IP Tokens" which could be stolen by hackers and used for nefarious purposes if you didn't have the correct protection mechanisms. This predated genuine "your computer is broadcasting an IP address!" web adverts which try to scare people into buying firewalls. Many respondents to Adequacy used the point by point rebuttal format for raising their objections. For a brief period, Adequacy responded to such comments by removing them from public view and replacing them with a "Deletion Notice", which contained only their consequently incoherent responses, together with a copyright violation notice, chastising the poster for reproducing the entirety of the contested article without the author's permission. This was termed a "War on Copyright Violation", perhaps as a satirical reference to the war on drugs or war on terrorism. Notable stories As was the case for many humor-oriented Web sites, the mood on Adequacy was considerably more somber in the immediate aftermath of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in New York City and Washington, DC. Consequently, Adequacy published many "straight" stories related to the attacks. One of the earliest satires of the global terrorism phenomenon to appear on the Internet, John Montoya's "Why The Bombings Mean That We Must Support My Politics", actually ridiculed the politicians and pundits who used the attacks as a platform to advance their particular views. Although the story contained no specific names, it was intended as a response to technology evangelist Eric S. Raymond, who had opined on the evening following the attacks that armed civilians on the airliners could have averted the attacks and that the "lawmakers who disarmed all the non-terrorists on those four airplanes" were in part responsible for them. Raymond's comments, published mere hours after the attacks had taken place, generated widespread outrage, even among those who otherwise supported his role as an open source spokesman. The Adequacy story, which was initially published on September 12, was its most popular post-9/11 story and was eventually syndicated by AlterNet on October 2, 2001, causing it to be mentioned by a number of online news and discussion sites. The piece was also mentioned in The Industry Standard, wherein commentator Keith Dawson referred to it as "a brilliant height of satire". In a return to more traditional fare, Adequacy used the October 2001 anthrax attacks against U.S. politicians and media figures as an occasion to petition the thrash metal band Anthrax to change their name. (The suggested replacement chosen by readers was "Basket Full Of Puppies".) The posted story implied that the band was engaged in "tasteless, juvenile antics" and that their name had been recently chosen in order to capitalize on the media coverage of the attacks. This prompted an angry response from Scott Ian, the band's rhythm guitarist: Some asshole from something called the Adequacy Org. e-mailed us demanding that we change our name. The guy is clueless. He talks about our new album called Spreading The Disease, calls us Grind Core, Death Metal and Speed Metal. He thinks we named the band last week to 'take advantage of this horrific situation.' Last week.....twenty years ago....... No big difference there. What a jackass. Adequacy first gained widespread Internet notoriety after the December 2, 2001 publication of a story entitled "Is Your Son a Computer Hacker?" The story was engineered to raise the hackles of as wide a swath of the Internet geek community as possible; it lampooned such topics as the Linux operating system, processors from Advanced Micro Devices, online gaming, and rave culture. Furor over the story spread quickly through technology / gaming blogs and Usenet newsgroups, and visitors came to the site in droves to express their opinions. The story received an official count of 5,913 individual comments, not including several thousand more that were hidden by the Adequacy editors. This figure even exceeds the record of the much more heavily visited Slashdot, which (as of November 21, 2006) stands at 5,687 replies to the story "Kerry Concedes Election to Bush". The publicity of the hacker story reached its highest point on January 7, 2002, when Adequacy was featured as the "Site of the Night" on the TechTV television program The Screen Savers. Hosts Leo Laporte and Martin Sargent discussed the "warning signs" enumerated in the article individually, and while Laporte seemed inclined to believe that the article was a joke, neither was ultimately sure of what to make of it. "Is this a joke?" asked Laporte incredulously, to which Sargent replied "Do you think? I don't know. I can't tell." On October 23, 2001, Adequacy published an interview with actor Wil Wheaton which consisted mostly of questions poking fun of his stint as Wesley Crusher on the television program Star Trek: The Next Generation. Wheaton, being familiar with the nature of the site, was willing to "play along" and provide the outrageous questions with equally outrageous answers. However, many of the readers of his own blog were not familiar with Adequacy and were dismayed over the answers that he had provided; Wheaton later expressed regret for doing the interview. In April 2002, ex-stripper and Playboy model Koleen Brooks made national news when the voters of the town of Georgetown, Colorado voted to recall her from her position as the town's mayor, citing conduct "unbecoming to an elected official". Brooks granted an interview with Adequacy wherein she discussed her performance as mayor and the circumstances surrounding her recall. See also List of satirical news websites References External links Adequacy.org archives Adequacy "Computer Hacker" article being discussed on The Screen Savers Internet properties established in 2001 Internet properties disestablished in 2002 Defunct American websites American comedy websites Internet trolling
Version may refer to: Computing Software version, a set of numbers that identify a unique evolution of a computer program VERSION (CONFIG.SYS directive), a configuration directive in FreeDOS Music Cover version Dub version Remix Version (album), a 2007 album by Mark Ronson Versions (Poison the Well album), 2007 Versions (Thievery Corporation album), 2006 Versions (MYMP album), 2005 Versions (Robby Krieger album), 1982 Versions (Zola Jesus album), 2013 Other Version (eye) External cephalic version Versions of the Bible Version (probability theory), a modification of a stochastic process See also Bible version debate Version control, a component of software configuration management
c-base e.V. is a non-profit association located in Berlin, Germany. Its purpose is to increase knowledge and skills pertaining to computer software, hardware and data networks. The association is engaged in numerous related activities. For example, the society has had stands at large festivals, such as Children's Day, where they introduce young people to topics like robotics and computer-aided design. The association's headquarters, c-base station, is also used by other initiatives and groups in and around Berlin as an event location or as function rooms, for example the wireless community network freifunk.net, the Chaos Computer Club and the Berlin Wikipedia group. Any group that identifies themselves with the purpose of the c-base are also welcome to use the premises for meetings and events. History Seventeen people founded c-base e. V. in the autumn of 1995. In the years 2002 and 2003 the BerlinBackBone project was launched to make available and promote free public access to the internet via wireless community networks. Also in 2003 the c-base association began staging weekly meetings of musicians, called Cosmic Open Stage, thus providing a platform for well known or unknown musicians to hold jam sessions or to give concerts. Since 2004 the premises of the c-base association are also used in cooperation by transmediale. c-base is recognized as one of the first hackerspaces in the world. It, along with The Loft in San Diego, USA and Metalab, directly influenced the creation of hackerspaces in the US. Activities Apart from the main purpose of the c-base association the members are also engaged in many other activities, for example Go and Jugger, the rules of which supposedly were gained through analysis of files on c-beam, the main computer in the c-base station. Once a year, @c-terra, an event organised by the c-base association, gives an overview of all activities offered. The premises of the c-base association host a lot of different events (parties, presentations, theatrical performances, concerts and art exhibitions), such as Cosmic Open Stage. The c-base society is also present at events of the Chaos Computer Club like the Chaos Communication Congress or the Chaos Communication Camp. From September 14–16, 2006 the fourth Wizards of OS conference was held in cooperation with c-base. Mythological self-image of the c-base The location for c-base is accompanied by a myth. This myth says that there are remnants of a space station called c-base underneath the city centre of Berlin. The space station's antenna is the Fernsehturm Berlin, a large spire with a mirrored ball near the top and a distinctive landmark nearby. History of the space station According to the stories of the members of the c-base, the space station crashed due to unstable conditions in its orbit after exiting a time warp. At that time there was a number of highly technological advanced and heretofore undiscovered lifeforms aboard the station. Much evidence of its existence is said to be in and around Berlin, including the aforementioned antenna, which was (according to stories) unmasked by East German and Soviet scientists. Other evidence, such as the multifunctional space station module, which ejected during the crash, is now under intense research and makes up the current premises of the c-base association. There is currently only a printed edition of the collected knowledge about the space station, known as the "space almanack" (Ger.: Allmanach). A project, called "c-pedia", is currently underway, attempting to make this knowledge available on the internet. There is also a reconstruction of station artifacts taking place. Structure of c-base The c-base is a system of seven concentric rings that can move in relation to one another. Each ring is considered a single module with a special set of functions. The rings are called (from the centre out) "core", "com", "culture", "creactiv", "cience", "carbon" and "clamp". The inner ring, core, provides a nonterminating supply of energy produced by a Möbius strip generator. The central computer of the c-base, "c-beam", is also located there. The second ring, com, harbours the space ports, hangars and communication devices including the interstellar communication module recently identified as Blinkenlights by the Chaos Computer Club. The following three rings, culture, creactiv and cience, host devices serving culture, creativity and science. The latter ring is also the location of the Arboretum. Accommodation for station crew members are found on the carbon ring. The outer ring, clamp, stabilizes the station. Trivia On September 10, 2006, the Pirate Party Germany was established at c-base. Episode 430, "Tödliches Labyrinth" and Episode 691 "Tod einer Heuschrecke" of German television series Tatort was filmed at c-base. The Wikipedia local chapter has met at c-base regularly since 2004. Literature c-booc: 20 years history publication of c-base c-base e. V.: c-base. official handout v.6.0s, Berlin 2004 External links c-base-Homepage c-base – space station in Berlin c-base at myspace.com showing videos and music of some members References Computer clubs in Germany Mutual organizations Hackerspaces Non-profit organisations based in Berlin Culture in Berlin Hacker culture
Shopping cart software is a piece of e-commerce software on a web server that allows visitors to have an Internet site to select items for eventual purchase. The software allows online shopping customers to accumulate a list of items for purchase. At the point of sale, the software typically calculates a total for the order, including freight transport, postage as well as packaging and labeling. Associated taxes are calculated as applicable. This software also allows for a final review of the shortlisted purchase and the choice for a user to modify the purchase. The data is used in online marketing particularly in the form of abandoned carts. History The development of web shop systems took place right after the Internet became a mass medium. This was a result of the launch of the browser Mosaic in 1993 and Netscape in 1994. It created an environment in which web shops were possible. The Internet therefore acted as the key infrastructure development that contributed to the rapid diffusion of the e-commerce, a subset of e-business that describes all computer-aided business transactions. In 1998 a total of 11 e-business models were observed, one of which was e-shop business model for a B2C (business-to-consumer) business—also called the “online shop” The two terms “online shop” and “electronic” or “e-shop” are used interchangeably. The term “online shopping” was invented much earlier in 1984. Today the term primarily refers to the business-to-consumer transactional business. In order to enable “online shopping” a software system is needed. Since “online shopping”, in the context of the B2C business model, became broadly available to the end consumer, internet-based “online shops” evolved. Technical definition These applications typically provide a means of capturing a client's payment information, but in the case of a credit card they rely on the software module of the secure gateway provider, in conjunction with the secure payment gateway, in order to conduct secure credit card transactions online. Some setup must be done in the HTML code of the website, and the shopping cart software must be installed on the server which hosts the site, or on the secure server which accepts sensitive ordering information. E-shopping carts are usually implemented using HTTP cookies or query strings. In most server based implementations however, data related to the shopping cart is kept in the session object and is accessed and manipulated on the fly, as the user selects different items from the cart. Later in the process of finalizing the transaction, the information is accessed and an order is generated against the selected item thus clearing the shopping cart. Although the most simple shopping carts strictly allow for an item to be added to a basket to start a checkout process (e.g., the free PayPal shopping cart), most shopping cart software provides additional features that an Internet merchant uses to fully manage an online store. Data (products, categories, discounts, orders, customers, etc.) is normally stored in a database and accessed in real time by the software. Shopping Cart Software is also known as e-commerce software, e-store software, online store software or storefront software and online shop. Components Storefront: the area of the Web store that is accessed by visitors to the online shop. Category, product, and other pages (e.g., search, bestsellers, etc.) are dynamically generated by the software based on the information saved in the store database. The look of the storefront can normally be changed by the store owner so that it merges with the rest of the web site (i.e., with the pages not controlled by the shopping cart software in use on the store). Administration: the area of the Web store that is accessed by the merchant to manage the online shop. The amount of store management features changes depending on the sophistication of the shopping cart software chosen by the merchant, but in general a store manager is able to add and edit products, categories, discounts, shipping and payment settings, etc. Order management features are also included in many shopping cart programs. The administration area can be: Web-based (accessed through a web browser) Desktop-based (a desktop application that runs on the user's computer and then transfers changes to the storefront component). API: most of the major shopping cart software solutions offer an API which allows third party solution providers to build integrations to the shopping cart software. For example, an accountancy platform like Xero or Quickbooks will build an integration with the shopping cart software so that orders placed on the shopping cart are automatically exported as invoices. Types Shopping cart software can be generally categorized into three types of E-commerce software: Open source software: The software is released under an open source licence and is very often free of charge. The merchant has to host the software with a Web hosting service. It allows users to access and modify the source code of the entire online store. Licensed software: The software is downloaded and then installed on a Webserver. This is most often associated with a one-time fee, the main advantages of this option are that the merchant owns a license and therefore can host it on any web server that meets the server requirements. Hosted service: The software is never downloaded, but rather is provided by a hosted service provider and is generally paid for on a monthly or annual basis; also known as the application service provider (ASP) software model. Some of these services also charge a percentage of sales in addition to the monthly fee. This model often has predefined templates (often known as themes) that a user can choose from to customize the look and feel of their website. Predefined templates limit how much users can modify or customize depending on what platform the template is used on. Some platforms like Shopify, BigCommerce or ShopWired allow users to edit the individual files that their template is made from, often using a templating language to render dynamic content (such as Shopify's Liquid or Twig). Hosted services offer the advantage of having the vendor continuously keep the software up to date for security patches as well as adding new features. PCI Compliance The PCI security standards are a blanket of regulations set in place to safeguard payment account data security. The council that develops and monitors these regulations is composed of the leading providers in the payment industry: American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International, MasterCard Worldwide, and Visa Inc. Essentially, they define the best practices for storing, transmitting, and handling of sensitive information over the internet. Visa Inc. can hold shopping cart software providers responsible for liability that may occur as a result of non-compliance to Visa's regulations. For this reason, Visa Inc. may require that online merchants use shopping cart software providers from their list of PCI DSS-validated service providers. See also Comparison of shopping cart software References E-commerce software
Alan Cox (born 22 July 1968) is a British computer programmer who has been a key figure in the development of Linux. He maintained the 2.2 branch of the Linux kernel and continues to be heavily involved in its development, an association that dates back to 1991. He lives in Swansea, Wales, where he lived with his wife Telsa Gwynne, who died in 2015 and now lives with author Tara Neale, whom he married in 2020. He graduated with a BSc in Computer Science from Swansea University in 1991 and received an MBA from the same university in 2005. Involvement in the Linux kernel While employed on the campus of Swansea University, Cox installed a very early version of Linux on one of the machines belonging to the university computer society. This was one of the first Linux installations on a busy network and revealed many bugs in the networking code. Cox fixed many of these bugs and went on to rewrite much of the networking subsystem. He then became one of the main developers and maintainers of the whole kernel. He maintained the 2.2 branch, and his own versions of the 2.4 branch (signified by an "ac" in the version, for example 2.4.13-ac1). This branch was very stable and contained bugfixes that went directly into the vendor kernels. Cox was once commonly regarded as being the "second in command" after Linus Torvalds himself, before reducing his involvement with Linux to study for an MBA. On 28 July 2009, Cox quit his role as the TTY layer maintainer, after disagreement with Torvalds about the scope of work required to fix an error in that subsystem. Alan was employed by the Linux distributor Red Hat during 1999–2009. Starting from 2011 he was employed by Intel Corporation but left both Intel and Linux kernel development in January 2013 to care full-time for his wife during a critical period of medical treatment, and returned to both later that year, until taking early retirement at the end of 2019. He has also been involved in the GNOME and X.Org projects, and was the main developer of AberMUD, which he wrote whilst a student at the University of Wales, Aberystwyth. Fuzix On 31 Oct 2014, Alan Cox announced Fuzix OS, a tiny system V kernel, initially for Z80 on Google+. Model trains Alan Cox used to run Etched Pixels, a model train company that used to produce N gauge kits. However it suffered "a rather more sudden closure", as described by the message that is left on the company's website, caused by a raise in operational cost. Activism Cox is an ardent supporter of programming freedom, and an outspoken opponent of software patents, the DMCA and the CBDTPA. He resigned from a subgroup of Usenix in protest, and said he would not visit the United States for fear of being imprisoned after the arrest of Dmitry Sklyarov for DMCA violations. In January 2007, he applied for a series of patents on "RMS", or "rights management systems". Red Hat Inc., Cox's former employer, has stated (in a document drafted by Mark Webbink and Cox himself) that it will not use patents against free software projects. Cox is also an adviser to the Foundation for Information Policy Research and the Open Rights Group. Awards Cox was the recipient of the Free Software Foundation's 2003 Award for the Advancement of Free Software at the FOSDEM conference in Brussels. On 5 October 2005, Cox received a lifetime achievement award at the LinuxWorld awards in London. The University of Wales Trinity Saint David Awarded Cox an Honorary Fellowship on 18 July 2013. He received an honorary doctorate from the Swansea University, his alma mater, on 20 July 2016. References External links Alan Cox: The maintainer of production version of the Linux kernel. Ch. 5 of ebook Open Source Pioneers, includes a lot of difficult to find interviews. Interview on his biography LWN interviews Alan Cox Interview with Alan Cox – 15 January 2002 LugRadio interview Linux Format interview – August 2005 Cathedrals, Bazaars and the Town Council – 1998-10-13 Ogg audio recording of a talk in Limerick, Ireland 2006-05-13, and a transcript of an excerpt, about GPLv3 Video interview with Alan Cox at Hannover Industry Trade Fair, Germany, May 2008 1968 births Alumni of Aberystwyth University Alumni of Swansea University British bloggers British computer programmers Linux kernel programmers MUD developers Living people People from Solihull People from Swansea
TokBox was a PaaS (Platform as a Service) company that provided hosted infrastructure, APIs and tools required to deliver enterprise-grade WebRTC capabilities. It did so primarily through its proprietary OpenTok video platform for commercial application. TokBox was founded by Serge Faguet and Ron Hose. Headquartered in the SOMA (South of Market) district in San Francisco, CA. TokBox was acquired by Telefónica Digital, a subsidiary of Telefónica, in October 2012. Developer resources Server SDKs Server SDKs: OpenTok's server SDKs wrap the OpenTok REST API, and let developers securely generate tokens for their OpenTok applications. Officially supported libraries include: Java and PHP. Community supported and created libraries include: Python, Ruby On Rails, .NET, Node.js, Perl, Golang. Client libraries Client Libraries: OpenTok's WebRTC client libraries enable video communications on a client platform. Officially supported libraries include: JavaScript, iOS and Android. Community supported and created libraries include: PhoneGap and Titanium. Developer outreach TokBox has a long history of active engagement with the developer community. It has sponsored numerous hackathons since 2010 such as TechCrunch Disrupt Hackathon, API Hack Day and Music Hack Day. PennApps, one of the largest of such events, takes place on University of Pennsylvania campus every semester. Over a thousand students from around the world competed in the September 2013 edition of PennApps. Four sophomore students from Carnegie Mellon University with no prior hackathon experience built Classity to showcase real-time lectures on the web and won the “Best Use of TokBox API” award. History 2007 August: Series A funding from Sequoia Capital October: Launched www.tokbox.com November: Launched multi-party chat and partnership with Meebo 2008 April: TokBox Version 2 launched July: Series B funding from Bain Capital Ventures and Sequoia Capital September: Launched the TokBox platform/ API 2009 Added document collaboration tool—Etherpad (now owned by Google) 2010 January: Rolled out its first set of paid features at $9.99 per month. November: Series C Funding from DAG Ventures, Bain Capital Ventures and Sequoia Capital November: Announced the OpenTok API 2011 February: TokBox announced that as of April 5, 2011, they would be discontinuing the TokBox video chat and video conferencing service to focus solely on their API, OpenTok. Controversy TokBox was the subject of controversy when 50% of their engineering staff was fired in July 2009. This happened around the time TokBox changed CEOs. The VP of Marketing is stated as saying the firings were part of the CEO's new restructuring plan. None of the original founders are currently with TokBox. See also Comparison of cross-platform instant messaging clients References Further reading External links TokBox Home Page () AIM (software) clients Chat websites Instant messaging MacOS instant messaging clients Online chat Teleconferencing Telefónica Videotelephony Web conferencing WebRTC Windows instant messaging clients Yahoo! instant messaging clients
A tree sort is a sort algorithm that builds a binary search tree from the elements to be sorted, and then traverses the tree (in-order) so that the elements come out in sorted order. Its typical use is sorting elements online: after each insertion, the set of elements seen so far is available in sorted order. Tree sort can be used as a one-time sort, but it is equivalent to quicksort as both recursively partition the elements based on a pivot, and since quicksort is in-place and has lower overhead, tree sort has few advantages over quicksort. It has better worst case complexity when a self-balancing tree is used, but even more overhead. Efficiency Adding one item to a binary search tree is on average an process (in big O notation). Adding n items is an process, making tree sorting a 'fast sort' process. Adding an item to an unbalanced binary tree requires time in the worst-case: When the tree resembles a linked list (degenerate tree). This results in a worst case of time for this sorting algorithm. This worst case occurs when the algorithm operates on an already sorted set, or one that is nearly sorted, reversed or nearly reversed. Expected time can however be achieved by shuffling the array, but this does not help for equal items. The worst-case behaviour can be improved by using a self-balancing binary search tree. Using such a tree, the algorithm has an worst-case performance, thus being degree-optimal for a comparison sort. However, tree sort algorithms require separate memory to be allocated for the tree, as opposed to in-place algorithms such as quicksort or heapsort. On most common platforms, this means that heap memory has to be used, which is a significant performance hit when compared to quicksort and heapsort. When using a splay tree as the binary search tree, the resulting algorithm (called splaysort) has the additional property that it is an adaptive sort, meaning that its running time is faster than for inputs that are nearly sorted. Example The following tree sort algorithm in pseudocode accepts a collection of comparable items and outputs the items in ascending order: In a simple functional programming form, the algorithm (in Haskell) would look something like this: data Tree a = Leaf | Node (Tree a) a (Tree a) insert :: Ord a => a -> Tree a -> Tree a insert x Leaf = Node Leaf x Leaf insert x (Node t y s) | x <= y = Node (insert x t) y s | x > y = Node t y (insert x s) flatten :: Tree a -> [a] flatten Leaf = [] flatten (Node t x s) = flatten t ++ [x] ++ flatten s treesort :: Ord a => [a] -> [a] treesort = flatten . foldr insert Leaf In the above implementation, both the insertion algorithm and the retrieval algorithm have worst-case scenarios. External links Tree Sort of a Linked List Tree Sort in C++ References Sorting algorithms Online sorts
Weekend Pussy Hunt was an Internet-only film noir cartoon series created by John Kricfalusi, starring Dirty Dog and Cigarettes the Cat. The series was initially developed for MSN, which billed it as "the world's first interactive web-based cartoon" and slated it for release in June 1997, but MSN stopped the production before the cartoon was finished. In 1999 the series began airing on Icebox.com, after the release of Spümcø's own web-based Flash cartoon, The Goddamn George Liquor Program. The first scene was animated prior to Flash's acquisition by Macromedia, when the software was still called FutureSplash Animator. History The animation is primarily by Matt Danner (with Albert Lozano, Fred Osmond, Wil Branca and Ken Boyer also animating certain episodes), with storyboard by Jim Smith. The cartoon features Dirty Dog, Cigarettes the Cat, Brother Dog, Leg Hussy, Bugs Pussy, and Girlfriend. It contains humor intended for adults, such as excrement, vomit, anatomy, and sex jokes. Adult interactive games in the cartoon allows the viewer to click parts of the cartoon for an animated result. Most of the episodes begin with a puzzle game. Reviews Kricfalusi recalled: Weekend Pussy Hunt was a film noir cartoon. We serialized it so that every week there'd be a cliffhanger. Its style was a 1940s live-action film noir movie, and we based one of the characters, Dirty Dog, on one of my favorite movie actors, Robert Ryan. Weekend Pussy Hunt was basically a chase movie, a really dark hardboiled thriller. We started off fooling the audience. We wanted them to think it was like a 1940s Warner Brothers chase cartoon between a dog and a cat, but as we moved on, they got uglier and uglier and uglier. You found out more about who this dog was; he was the king of the underworld animals in the neighborhood. So it becomes this ugly dark film noir kind of a movie. The series was never finished; Icebox ran out of funding. Spümcø's web animation staff was laid off just before Thanksgiving, during the production of episode 13, with about four episodes left to go. Cigarettes the Cat was featured in the music video for Weird Al's song "Close but No Cigar". See also Spümcø John Kricfalusi The Ren & Stimpy Show References External links "George Liquor" Yahoo! Group 2000 web series debuts 2000 web series endings 2000s American adult animated television series Spümcø American flash animated web series American adult animated web series Film noir cartoons
David G. Messerschmitt (born May 21, 1945) is an engineer and professor emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences in the UC Berkeley College of Engineering. He retired from UC Berkeley in 2005. At present he is conducting research at Berkeley, is a visiting professor in the Software Business Laboratory at the Helsinki University of Technology, and is doing research on interstellar communications at the SETI Institute. Messerschmitt also serves on the Advisory Council of METI (Messaging Extraterrestrial Intelligence). Biography His notable past research includes the advancement of digital transmission systems, including contributions that made digital telephony possible over the existing telephone network, the use of VLSI to realize functions in the telephone network, and VLSI architectures to solve signal processing challenges. His work has increasingly been devoted to software. In 1984 Messerschmitt wrote Blosim, a software-based block diagram simulation system for digital signal processing simulations. He also contributed to a successor to Blosim called Ptolemy, which is still being actively developed and used. When the UC Berkeley School of Information was created he co-founded courses on network applications and strategic technology, and later served as interim dean of the school. His research interests and curriculum development for the past decade have been largely devoted to the business of software and economics of the software industry. Messerschmitt graduated with a B.S. in electrical engineering from the University of Colorado in 1967, and received his M.S. and Ph.D. in computer, information, and control engineering from the University of Michigan in 1971. He was a Bell Labs researcher until 1977, when he left to take an academic position at Berkeley. In 1983, David Messerschmitt was elevated to the grade of Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) fellow for contributions to the theory of transmitting digital waveforms on band-limited channels. In 1999 Messerschmitt received the IEEE Alexander Graham Bell Medal "for fundamental contributions to communications theory and practice, including VLSI for signal processing, and simulation and modeling software". He was elected a member of the US National Academy of Engineering in 1990 for contributions to telecommunication theory and practice and to engineering education. In 2007 Messerschmitt co-founded the Software business community (SWBC) in cooperation with the Helsinki University of Technology. Books References External links Messerschmitt's bio at IEEE History Center, written 1999 Messerschmitt's page on the Software Business Community (SWBC) platform 1945 births Living people Engineers from Denver Educators from Denver American electrical engineers Scientists at Bell Labs University of Michigan College of Engineering alumni University of Colorado alumni UC Berkeley College of Engineering faculty Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
The Embroidery Software Protection Coalition (ESPC) was a United States embroidery industry trade group. Its primary activity was the investigation and prosecution of alleged acts of copyright infringement. The group drew media attention for its campaign of settlement demands against individual buyers as well as sellers of embroidery patterns and software. It drew further attention with a 2006 defamation suit against two individual Internet critics, in which it attempted to subpoena the identities of every subscriber of the critics' electronic mailing list. eBay buyer infringement claims On August 3, 2005, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas approved the dismissal of a lawsuit brought by the ESPC and ESPC member companies against eBay and PayPal, pursuant to a stipulation agreement between the parties. On September 6, 2005, WNDU-TV reported that the ESPC was mailing settlement demands to individual eBay buyers. According to one such demand letter, dated October 17, 2005, the buyers were identified by personal records provided by eBay and eBay sellers. The October 17 letter further claimed that buyers, by purchasing and possessing unlicensed copies of embroidery software or patterns, had violated United States copyright law. "By purchasing the counterfeit goods, they're encouraging the pirates to stay out there and put the legitimate businesses out of business," said Carole Faulkner, attorney for the ESPC, in the September 6 WNDU-TV report. A University of Notre Dame law professor disagreed, telling WNDU-TV "copyright laws make it illegal to distribute copies, not buy them". Defamation suit As of April 28, 2006, the ESPC claimed to represent seven United States embroidery publishers and distributors. The legitimacy of the ESPC was disputed by critics, who suggested that the ESPC was associated with only one publisher, Great Notions Embroidery Designs. On June 28, 2006, the ESPC responded to two such critics, against whom the ESPC had previously filed copyright infringement lawsuits, by filing a new lawsuit. In the new lawsuit, the ESPC alleged defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress, conspiracy, business disparagement, and tortious interference. The ESPC subsequently petitioned for a subpoena seeking the identities of every subscriber to the two critics' Internet mailing list. In September 2006, after the Electronic Frontier Foundation intervened on behalf of the anonymous targets of the subpoena, the subpoena was withdrawn. The referenced critics have, since February 2006, entered an out-of-court settlement with ESPC. Prior out-of-court settlements show that the alleged infringers handed over lists of buyers and individuals to whom the machine embroidery designs were sent. References Embroidery in the United States Arts and media trade groups
PlaceSpotting was an online game, based on Google Maps. Its server is based in Switzerland and has English- and German-language versions. In international Media, PlaceSpotting is recommended as a "challenging amusement" and an "educational way of wasting time on the internet". Overview The way PlaceSpotting works is simple: To create a new quiz, move and zoom the map until it shows an interesting place. Provide some hints for the person who will try to solve it and a message one will see if the riddle is solved. After saving the quiz you can send it by mail to a friend or embed it in your homepage as a picture. If someone wants to solve the quiz their task is to find the place shown in your picture on a second google map. The site additionally has a blog to share questions or hints, a search function, and the possibility to rate quizzes. Players are scoring an approximate 11% success rate. In the first 30 months after going live approximately 3.3 Million quizzes were opened and 20,000 created. PlaceSpotting is free and can be played without registration. A registration is possible and allows to use special functions like "my quizeees" or "quizzes I solved" There are some Google Adwords on the page. Development PlaceSpotting was developed for people who used email communication to send their friends screen shots of interesting places and wanted them to guess what place was shown in the picture. Different platforms Beside the web page PlaceSpotting can be played as a Facebook Application or as an iPhone App The iPhone Application was released 4 October 2009. A free version is planned. The application received the award App of the week in December 2009 in Switzerland. Community PlaceSpotting is present on Facebook and StudiVZ and on YouTube is a short Video about how to play PlaceSpotting. See also Indoor positioning system External links placeSpotting.com Media coverage Story in German magazine, Heise online A story in the Swiss online magazine 20minuten.ch An article in the Swedish online newspaper Metropol An article on the page of Deutschlandradio References 2009 video games Online games Google Maps
Lasso Logic was a company formed in 2003 that pioneered continuous data protection (CDP) and an onsite–offsite backup technology for the small and medium enterprise market (SME) before it was acquired by SonicWALL in November 2005 for approximately $20 million. Lasso Logic became the third of three business divisions at SonicWALL, now called the Business Continuity Unit. Lasso CDP is now called SonicWALL CDP. Lasso Logic was the first company to provide a disk-based continuous data protection appliance, called Lasso CDP, which continually backed up servers, applications, PCs, and laptops to itself in real time. This allowed users who lost files to go back to various useful points in time. More recent backups were saved at more frequent intervals, but as backup versions receded in time, some of those versions were dropped by way of a complex algorithm which preserved theoretically more useful versions. Thus a user could always find a version to return to from the inception of backup, from minutes ago to years ago. Before Lasso Logic, the only backup options were single point in time (SPIT) snapshot software that allowed IT administrators to back up to tape or to disk, usually at a resolution of once a day. The value proposition of the company was "set it and forget it" backup, thus eliminating the labor burden of tape-based backup. The company was also the first to introduce onsite and offsite backup in a single device. Lasso CDP continuously backed up data to itself, but then replicated data to an offsite location. This allowed for instant recovery of data because the files were stored locally on the Lasso CDP appliance. However, in the event of a total loss of data locally, including the Lasso CDP appliance, the customer could pull the data back from Lasso's offsite data center. The founders of Lasso Logic are now the founding team behind PacketTrap Networks, a network management software company located in Silicon Valley. External links Business Week, Karen E. Klein, April 2005. "Have You Backed Up Your Data Today?" InfoWorld, Sean McCown, Jan, 2006, "Lasso Logic offers real easy real-time" backups" Enterprise Storage Form, Paul Shread, November, 2005 "SonicWALL Corrals Lasso Logic" Byte and Switch, "Lasso Logic Unveils CDP Appliance, Lasso Logic ships end-to-end CDP solution for SMB and remote office protection" Companies established in 2003
Archim is a freeware program for making graphs in two or three dimensions. It is capable of explicit and parametric graphs and uses a (very simple) code-oriented layout for entering function information, so that graphs in polar (or other) coordinates become specific cases of parametric graphs. External links Stochastic Lab. Archimy.com - Online version. Plotting software
aufs (short for advanced multi-layered unification filesystem) implements a union mount for Linux file systems. The name originally stood for AnotherUnionFS until version 2. Developed by Junjiro Okajima in 2006, aufs is a complete rewrite of the earlier UnionFS. It aimed to improve reliability and performance, but also introduced some new concepts, like writable branch balancing, and other improvements – some of which are now implemented in the UnionFS 2.x branch. aufs was rejected for merging into mainline Linux. Its code was criticized for being "dense, unreadable, [and] uncommented". Instead, OverlayFS was merged in the Linux kernel. After several attempts to merge aufs into mainline kernel, the author has given up. Use Aufs is included in Debian "Jessie" (v8) and Ubuntu 16.04 out of the box. Debian "Stretch" (v9) does not include aufs anymore, but provides a package aufs-dkms, which auto-compiles the aufs kernel module using Dell's dkms. Docker originally used aufs for container filesystem layers. It is still available as one of the storage backends but is deprecated in favour of the backend which uses OverlayFS. Several Linux distributions have chosen aufs as a replacement for UnionFS, including: Knoppix live CD Linux distribution – since the end of 2006, "for better stability and performance" NimbleX since version 2008. Switched simultaneously with Linux-Live Porteus LiveCD, run fully in RAM Slax (and Linux-Live scripts in general) since version 6 Xandros Linux distribution, available in the ASUS Eee PC model 901 Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Live CD Debian 6.0 Live media Gentoo Linux LiveDVD 11.0 Gentoo Linux LiveDVD 11.2 Gentoo Linux LiveDVD 12.0 Salix Live via Linux-Live scripts until version 13.1.1 and via SaLT from version 13.37 Puppy Linux versions can run fully in RAM with changes saved to disk on shutdown. For example, Slacko 5.3.3 running as a LiveCD. Manjaro Linux via their patched official kernels See also OverlayFS, the competing project that was chosen for merger to the Linux core File system Union mount, describing the concept of merging file system branches UnionFS, an older union mount project Syslinux References External links AuFS project homepage A simple example Free special-purpose file systems File systems supported by the Linux kernel Union file systems
ABS methods, where the acronym contains the initials of Jozsef Abaffy, Charles G. Broyden and Emilio Spedicato, have been developed since 1981 to generate a large class of algorithms for the following applications: solution of general linear algebraic systems, determined or underdetermined, full or deficient rank; solution of linear Diophantine systems, i.e. equation systems where the coefficient matrix and the right hand side are integer valued and an integer solution is sought; this is a special but important case of Hilbert's tenth problem, the only one in practice soluble; solution of nonlinear algebraic equations; solution of continuous unconstrained or constrained optimization. At the beginning of 2007 ABS literature consisted of over 400 papers and reports and two monographs, one due to Abaffy and Spedicato and published in 1989, one due to Xia and Zhang and published, in Chinese, in 1998. Moreover, three conferences had been organized in China. Research on ABS methods has been the outcome of an international collaboration coordinated by Spedicato of university of Bergamo, Italy. It has involved over forty mathematicians from Hungary, UK, China, Iran and other countries. The central element in such methods is the use of a special matrix transformation due essentially to the Hungarian mathematician Jenő Egerváry, who investigated its main properties in some papers that went unnoticed. For the basic problem of solving a linear system of m equations in n variables, where , ABS methods use the following simple geometric idea: Given an arbitrary initial estimate of the solution, find one of the infinite solutions, defining a linear variety of dimension n − 1, of the first equation. Find a solution of the second equation that is also a solution of the first, i.e. find a solution lying in the intersection of the linear varieties of the solutions of the first two equations considered separately. By iteration of the above approach after m steps one gets a solution of the last equation that is also a solution of the previous equations, hence of the full system. Moreover, it is possible to detect equations that are either redundant or incompatible. Among the main results obtained so far: unification of algorithms for linear, nonlinear algebraic equations and for linearly constrained nonlinear optimization, including the LP problem as a special case; the method of Gauss has been improved by reducing the required memory and eliminating the need for pivoting; new methods for nonlinear systems with convergence properties better than for Newton method; derivation of a general algorithm for Hilbert tenth problem, linear case, with the extension of a classic Euler theorem from one equation to a system; solvers have been obtained that are more stable than classical ones, especially for the problem arising in primal-dual interior point method; ABS methods are usually faster on vector or parallel machines; ABS methods provide a simpler approach for teaching for a variety of classes of problems, since particular methods are obtained just by specific parameter choices. Knowledge of ABS methods is still quite limited among mathematicians, but they have great potential for improving the methods currently in use. Bibliography Jozsef Abaffy, Emilio Spedicato (1989): ABS Projection Algorithms: Mathematical Techniques for Linear and Nonlinear Algebraic Equations, Ellis Horwood, Chichester. The first monograph on the subject Jozsef Abaffy, Charles G. Broyden, Emilio Spedicato (1984): A class of direct methods for linear equations, Numerische Mathematik 45, 361–376. Paper introducing ABS methods for continuous linear systems. H. Esmaeili, N. Mahdavi-Amiri, Emilio Spedicato: A class of ABS algorithms for Diophantine linear systems, Numerische Mathematik 90''', 101–115. Paper introducing ABS methods for integer linear systems''. Diophantine equations Numerical linear algebra
World Wide Technology, Inc. (WWT) is a privately-held technology services provider based in St. Louis, Missouri. The company has an annual revenue of $17.0 billion (the 27th largest private company in the US and the biggest black-owned company in the US) and employs over 9,000 people. WWT works in the areas of cloud computing, computer security, data centers, data analytics and artificial intelligence, computer networks, application software development, cell phone carrier networking, and consulting services. History World Wide Technology was founded by David Steward and Jim Kavanaugh in July 1990 as a reseller of technology equipment. In 1994, WWT entered into a partnership with Cisco Systems to resell hardware and software. WWT also established partnerships with technology companies including Dell, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Intel, Microsoft, NetApp, F5, Tanium and VMware. WWT opened its first warehouse in 1996 and operates more than 20 facilities with two million square feet of warehousing, distribution and integration space. In 1999, Telcobuy.com, LLC, was founded as separate company, owned by WWT, Steward and Kavanaugh. In March, 2000, Telcobuy announced $27.5 million in venture capital, after revenue grew to $246 million. Telcobuy planned an initial public offering of about $100 million, but as the dot-com bubble burst, the plan was withdrawn in the early 2000s recession. Starting 2001 with 440 employees, the company reduced its workforce and its founders took 40% pay cuts, while it kept operating. In January 2003, it was merged back into WWT under a holding company. WWT created its first large-scale integration lab in St. Louis to increase capacity for secure system configuration. Additional integration labs were established in Europe and Asia, with locations in Amsterdam and Singapore opening in 2015, and Mumbai in 2019.In 2009, WWT opened its Advanced Technology Center to allow engineers, customers and partners to evaluate hardware and software. The Advanced Technology Center was made accessible online. In 2015, WWT acquired St. Louis software company Asynchrony. In 2020, WWT received Webby Awards in the Health & Fitness and People's Voice categories for its St. Jude Children's Research Hospital Patient Care App. WWT has been named on Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For list from 2012 to 2022. In 2021, Time named WWT among the 100 Most Influential Companies, in the "Leaders" category. Sponsorships In 2018, WWT signed a sponsorship agreement with Richard Petty Motorsports driver “Bubba” Wallace Jr In 2019, WWT announced a naming rights sponsorship of Gateway Motorsports Park, now known as the World Wide Technology Raceway WWT also sponsors PGA golfer Graeme McDowell and PGA Tour Champions golfer Billy Andrade References Information technology companies of the United States Companies based in St. Louis County, Missouri Technology companies established in 1990 1990 establishments in Missouri Black-owned companies of the United States
CA-Realizer was a BASIC-language software development product originally developed by Within Technologies, but first commercially released by Computer Associates, as CA-Realizer 1.0 in 1992. Several versions were released, that provided a version of the BASIC programming language, a Rapid application development tool, including forms building and some powerful built-in components, that was comparable to, and competitive with Microsoft Visual Basic, in its early days. It offered some functionality (like a fairly useful spreadsheet) and cross-platform capability. There were versions for 16-bit Windows 3.1, 32-bit Windows 95, and 32-bit IBM OS/2. The final version was CA-Realizer 3.0, released around 1996. Starting with version 4.0, MS Visual Basic continued to advance in functionality, leaving CA-Realizer behind. Increasingly uncompetitive, CA-Realizer was quietly retired from CA's product offerings in the late 1990s. In the 1996 to 1999 versions of Accpac ERP for Windows, CA Realizer was responsible for the dreaded "CarlZ Error" which would periodically hang up the software. This error disappeared in the 2000 version of the software when it underwent a rewrite in C. References External links CA-Realizer - EDM2 BASIC programming language family CA Technologies
TREE-PUZZLE is a computer program used to construct phylogenetic trees from sequence data by maximum likelihood analysis. Branch lengths can be calculated with and without the molecular clock hypothesis. The software also implemented likelihood mapping, a method to visualize phylogenetic information in datasets, as well as several tests to assess if the likelihoods of trees are significantly worse than those of other trees. The program's successor is IQ-TREE. See also Computational phylogenetics References External links Phylogenetics software
The Italian Job is a video game based on the 1969 film of the same name, developed by Pixelogic and first published for PlayStation to European markets by SCi and Sold Out in 2001, and to North American markets by Rockstar Games in 2002. A port of the game for Microsoft Windows was released in Europe by the then-rebranded SCi Games, and in North America by Global Star Software, in 2002. The game features a story mode based on the film, and a multiplayer "party" mode where players compete through several different circuits in London and Turin, as well as a single player practice mode where the player can develop skills needed for completing the story mode. The game features representations of London and Turin that the player can drive around freely within a sandbox mode, in a range of cars including the Mini. Production The game was developed in conjunction with Pixelogic's Continuous Ordered Scenery Streaming (COSS) technology. This allowed designers to plan and design the "vast environments" required for effectively recreating complex scenes from the film, notably "The Escape Route". The city layouts were modeled using 3DS Max. Phil Cornwell impersonated the voice of Michael Caine as the main character, Charlie Croker. Reception The Italian Job received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. References External links 2001 video games Global Star Software games Multiplayer and single-player video games PlayStation (console) games Racing video games RenderWare games Rockstar Games games SCi Games games Video games based on films Video games developed in the United Kingdom Video games scored by Allister Brimble Video games set in Italy Video games set in London Video games set in Switzerland Windows games
ExpanDrive is a network filesystem client for MacOS, Microsoft Windows and Linux that facilitates mapping of local volume to many different types of cloud storage. When a server is mounted with ExpanDrive any program can read, write, and manage remote files (that is, files that only exist on the server) as if they were stored locally. This is different from most File Transfer Clients because it is integrated into all applications on the operating system. It also does not require a file to be downloaded to access portions of the content. ExpanDrive is commercial software, at a cost of $49.95 per license. A 7-day, unrestricted demo is available for evaluation. ExpanDrive uses a custom FUSE implementation as its file system implementation layer on the Mac and Windows and system-packaged FUSE on Linux. History SftpDrive was the original version of ExpanDrive for Microsoft Windows. It was commercial software with a 6-week trial. ExpanDrive 2 was released on June 21, 2011 adding support for plain FTP, Amazon S3 and a new ExpanDrive service named Strongspace Online Storage. ExpanDrive2 included a rewritten SFTP engine which laid the groundwork for a unified Mac and Windows code base. Version 2.4, released in January 2013 was the first version to be released simultaneously for Windows and Mac. ExpanDrive 3 was released on May 14, 2013 with a new user-interface and support for more drive types such as Dropbox, OpenStack, Rackspace and WebDAV. ExpanDrive 4 was released on June 12, 2014 with dramatically faster access. ExpanDrive 4 also added support for Microsoft OneDrive, Copy.com, HP Helion Cloud, Owncloud and hubiC. ExpanDrive 5 was released on June 15, 2015 with a near-total rewrite of its core functionality. ExpanDrive 6 was released on July 5, 2017, followed by a redesign to version 6.1 on September 25, 2017. The most recent version v6.3 was released on November 2nd, 2018. ExpanDrive 7 was released on May 8, 2019, which added support for Linux, A cloud storage browser and transfer application, multi-user file locking, search and version management. New features include improved performance and file versioning. An increased list of supported storage and cloud storage providers have been introduced since version 5, including Dropbox, Google Drive, Google Team Drives, Amazon Drive, Box, OneDrive, OneDrive for Business, Sharepoint, Openstack Swift, BackBlaze B2, Amazon S3 as well as the original SFTP, FTP or WebDAV server and SMB/Windows File Sharing. See also Comparison of FTP client software SSH file transfer protocol (SFTP) Secure Shell (SSH) SSHFS References External links Review of ExpanDrive at Macworld (July 2019) SSH File Transfer Protocol clients
A seedbox is a high-bandwidth remote server for uploading and downloading of digital files from a P2P network. The bandwidth ranges generally from 100 Mbit/s to 20 Gbit/s. After the seedbox has acquired the files, people with access to the seedbox can download the file to their personal computers. Function Seedboxes generally use the BitTorrent protocol, although they have also been used on the eDonkey2000 network. Seedboxes are usually connected to a high-speed network, often with a throughput of 100 Mbit/s or even 1 Gbit/s. Some providers are testing and offering 10 Gbit/s shared servers, while others are developing other systems that will allow users to scale their needs on the fly. Once the seedbox has a full copy of the files, they can be downloaded at high speeds to a user's personal computer via the HTTP, FTP, SFTP, or rsync protocols. This allows for anonymity and, usually, removes the need to worry about share ratio. More expensive seedboxes may support VNC or Remote Desktop Protocol, allowing many popular clients to be run remotely. Other seedboxes are special-purpose and run a variety of torrent-specific software including web interfaces of popular clients like Transmission, rTorrent, Deluge, and μTorrent, as well as the TorrentFlux web interface clients. Mobile interface support is also offered by clients such as Transmission. Seedboxes on high-speed networks are typically able to download large files within minutes, provided that the swarm can actually handle such a high upload bandwidth. Seedboxes generally have download and upload speeds of 100 Mbit/s. This means that a 1 GB file can finish downloading in under half a minute. That same 1 GB file can be uploaded to other users in the same amount of time, creating a 1:1 share ratio for that individual file. The ability to transfer files so quickly makes them very attractive to the P2P communities. Because of the mentioned high speeds, seedboxes tend to be popular when using private torrent trackers, where maintaining an share ratio above 1 can be very important. Seedboxes are also used to circumvent bandwidth throttling by Internet service providers or to evade laws such as the HADOPI law in France. References File sharing networks File sharing
Primeval Hunt is a shooting arcade game which is developed and published by Sega and runs on their Sega Lindbergh hardware. It comes in both standard and deluxe models, with the deluxe version featuring a 62" HD Screen. Primeval Hunt is a First-person shooter arcade game developed and published by Sega. Released for arcades in early 2008, players in the game must hunt 10 species of dinosaurs over 12 levels and 3 Bonus stages using light guns styled after pump action shotguns with speakers mounted for the first time in the 'butt' of each gun. The game also utilizes a unique touch screen interface to give a free-roaming element to the gameplay. It is similar to the Big Buck Hunter arcade games. The game's 'tag-line' is "Hunt or be hunted" The Lindbergh system allows for there to be two screens functioning at one time with different content on each screen and different resolutions. Gameplay Overview Primeval Hunt features 12 levels set on an island filled with Aztec-like ruins, inhabited by several genus of dinosaur from various geological periods (so that dinosaurs that were not alive at the same time in reality interact, similar to Jurassic Park). Though the game uses two light guns styled after pump-action shotguns, the player may choose from three weapons in-game: a Bow, Shotgun or Rifle (However, each player is also given a Rocket Launcher with one rocket in it for every level that is capable of killing any one Dinosaur with a single shot). Up to two people can play simultaneously with the points for shooting the Dinosaurs awarded to the player responsible for the fatal shot. In each level, players are required to hunt a set number of dinosaurs with limited ammunition within a particular time frame. All dinosaurs have two weak points which allow one-hit kills, their head and heart areas, otherwise a number of shots will be required to bring down each creature. Points are awarded for each dinosaur successfully killed, however failure to reach the kill quota within the allotted time or running out of ammunition will cause the player to lose a credit. As well as each of the target dinosaurs, each level also contains other genus, many of which will attack the player if disturbed (for example, arrows are silent while bullets or shotgun shells are quite loud). These dinosaurs act as obstacles, requiring players to 'waste' ammunition on them. Also, these additional genus, usually predators, will often try to attack the player and if the player is successfully attacked the player will lose a life, represented by a number of hunter caps on the top of the screen. If all caps are depleted, then the player loses a credit. Bonus points are awarded for every one of these Dinosaurs killed. Points are tallied up at the end of each level, successful completion of which will unlock additional levels. Levels are rated in difficulty using a star system; one star levels are relatively easy, while five star levels are the most difficult. Touch panel The game's touch panel function allows an additional element of free-roaming gameplay as well as the method of firing the rocket launcher weapon. Located at the front of arcade cabinet, between the two gun racks, the screen displays each stage in a top-down view with small, cartoon-like representations of the 'target dinosaur' (and only the target dinosaur) and the hunter. Players need to simply touch a dinosaur or location to start moving in that direction as the crow flies. Additionally the player can choose to drag the hunter icon and plot a set path if they wish to avoid forests, open plains or other specific areas on the map. The hunter's view point can be rotated by touching and dragging the cone of vision around. Bonus stages There are three additional 'bonus stages' in the game, which reward players with additional items if they are completed: Egg Robbers Players must stop Oviraptors from stealing Dinosaur eggs. Sniper on the Spire Players must snipe as many dinosaurs as possible using the touch screen's zoom function. Battalion on the Bridge Players must break down a bridge allowing Velociraptors to attack by shooting out the Bridge's ropes. Dinosaurs featured Ankylosaurus Apatosaurus Oviraptor Pachycephalosaurus Parasaurolophus Stegosaurus Triceratops Tyrannosaurus Velociraptor Pteranodon (not a dinosaur) External links Video of Primeval Hunt at ATEI 2008 Official arcade manual(deluxe model) in.pdf format Primal Hunt's page at the official Sega U.S.A. Amusements Inc. page Primal Hunt's page at the official Sega Amusements Europe Pte Ltd page Arcade video games Arcade-only video games Sega arcade games 2008 video games First-person shooters Video games about dinosaurs Video games developed in Japan
Eliot Joseph Benn "Jim" Rose (7 June 1909 – 21 May 1999) was a British intelligence officer, journalist and campaigner. Early life Born into an "elite" Jewish family, Rose was educated at Rugby School and New College, Oxford. Career During World War II, he served with the Royal Air Force as an intelligence officer with 609 Squadron. In 1941, he moved to the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park where he worked initially in Hut 3 and assessed decrypted messages sent by the German Luftwaffe. In 1944, he transferred to London to where he worked on coordination with the Air Ministry. He retired from the RAF in 1945 with the rank of Wing Commander, and took a job as a journalist with Reuters. In January 1946 he married Pamela Gibson who had also worked at Bletchley Park. They had two children. From 1948 to 1951, Rose was literary editor of The Observer. In 1951, the family moved to Zürich, Switzerland, where he had become director of the newly formed International Press Institute. Rose returned to England in 1962 to become director of Survey of Race Relations, a five-year study into post-war immigration in Britain. The study was published in 1969 as Colour and Citizenship. In 1968, he co-founded the Runnymede Trust think-tank with politician Anthony Lester. In the late 1990s, he contributed to a television series about the work at Bletchley Park. References 1909 births 1999 deaths Alumni of New College, Oxford English Jews Bletchley Park people
Autonomous logistics describes systems that provide unmanned, autonomous transfer of equipment, baggage, people, information or resources from point-to-point with minimal human intervention. Autonomous logistics is a new area being researched and currently there are few papers on the topic, with even fewer systems developed or deployed. With web enabled cloud software there are companies focused on developing and deploying such systems which will begin coming online in 2018. Autonomous logistics vehicles There are several subclasses of autonomous logistics vehicles: Ground autonomous logistics Based on Unmanned ground vehicle technology, a large autonomous logistics tracked carrier, which can be deployed in a tropical forest for day and night, has been developed. Another example is the TerraMax autonomous truck based on Oshkosh's Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement (MTVR) military truck platform. Most recently, TerraMax competed in the 2007 Darpa Urban Challenge. The MTVR was designed for the U.S. Marine Corps with a 70% off-road mission profile. TerraMax's unmanned ground vehicle kit does not interfere with the conventional operation of the vehicle. A robust sensor suite allows for 360-degree situational awareness around TerraMax. Elements of the autonomous navigation kit could be used to enhance driver awareness. The complete kit could be used in applications such as snow removal on airport runways. Aerial autonomous logistics Based on unmanned aerial vehicle technology, aerial autonomous logistics (or logistics UAVs) provides transfer of resources and equipment in disaster relief situations, replenishment operations, reconnaissance operations where information is gathered, and general parcel or package delivery. Space autonomous logistics Describes the ability to provide logistics to and from space, be that orbital, lunar or beyond. Current space logistics vehicle examples are the Progress spacecraft, Russian expendable freighter uncrewed resupply spacecraft and the Automated Transfer Vehicle, expendable uncrewed resupply spacecraft developed by the European Space Agency. Above Water autonomous logistics Based on unmanned surface vehicle technology, this class of vehicles provides a range of surface fleet replenishment and equipment transfer capabilities. Subsea autonomous logistics Using autonomous underwater vehicle technology, these vehicles provide re-supply to underwater facilities, reconnaissance of underwater structures, emergency recovery capability, and so on. Agent-based logistics Shipping containers handle most of today's intercontinental transport of packaged goods. Managing them in terms of planning and scheduling is a challenging task due to the complexity and dynamics of the involved processes. Hence, recent developments show an increasing trend towards autonomous control with software agents acting on behalf of the logistic objects. Despite of the high degree of autonomy it is still necessary to cooperate in order to achieve certain goals. The current trends and recent changes in logistics lead to new, complex and partially conflicting requirements for logistic planning and control systems. Due to the distributed nature of logistics, the usage of agent technology is promising. Due to the mobile nature of logistics, the usage of mobile agent technology is promising as well. Scenarios of usage of mobile agents in logistics has been envisioned. See also Agent-based model Automated Transfer Vehicle Autonomic system (computing) Autonomous Underwater Vehicle Multi-agent planning Multi-agent system Network-centric warfare Unmanned aerial vehicle Unmanned ground vehicle Unmanned surface vehicle Self-driving truck Automated guided vehicle References External links New Approaches for Autonomous Logistics Aircraft and Ground Systems Autonomous Cargo Trailer Transport System TerraMax Autonomous Cargo Truck on EngineeringTV Autonomous VTOL Scalable Logistics Architecture - Feasibility Study Logistics Multi-robot systems Uncrewed vehicles Robotics
The MacCharlie was a hardware add-on for the Apple Macintosh that was made by Dayna Communications. It allowed users to run DOS software for the IBM PC by clipping a unit onto the chassis of the Macintosh 128K, and included a keyboard extender to provide the function keys and numeric keypad that are absent from Apple's original keyboard. The name refers to an IBM PC advertising campaign of the time featuring Charlie Chaplin's "Little Tramp" character. The clip-on unit sits to the side of the Mac and, like the contemporary Amiga Sidecar, contains essentially a complete IBM PC compatible with an 8088 processor, 256 KB of RAM (expandable to 640 KB) and a single 5.25" floppy disk drive that stores 360 KB. A second floppy drive could be added. While running DOS software using MacCharlie, users could still access the Macintosh menu bar and desk accessories. However, the DOS environment, which ran in a window, was text-only and did not permit Macintosh applications to run concurrently while in use. MacCharlie used the Mac as a terminal, performing all DOS processing itself, and sent video data over a relatively slow serial link to the Mac for display. This slowness, coupled with the declining prices of real IBM PC compatibles, contributed to the short market life of the MacCharlie. See also Amiga Sidecar References External links 1985 Advertisement hosted by The Mac Mothership Personal Computers; linking Mac to the I.B.M. PC , 1985 review article at the New York Times IBM PC compatibles Macintosh peripherals Macintosh platform Products introduced in 1985
Selsius Systems was a telecommunications company in Dallas, Texas that developed and marketed some of the first IP telephony gear. It was co-founded by Richard Platt and David Tucker. Selsius was incorporated in 1997 and acquired by Cisco Systems in November, 1998. Products Selsius designed an IP PBX system consisting of a line of IP phones, a server-based call control application - the Selsius-CallManager, a line of voice over IP gateways and voice applications including voicemail, an automated attendant console and a softphone. History Selsius Systems, Inc. was organized in July, 1997 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Intecom, a Dallas-based PBX (Private Branch Exchange) manufacturer, with David C. Tucker as CEO, Richard B. Platt as VP of Engineering and Kevin Brown as VP of Sales and Marketing, as well as numerous other important positions held by the employees of Selsius Systems including John Alexander, Paul Hahn, Dave Corley, Jeff Sanders, and Scott Veibell. The first commercially available IP phone was the Selsius 30SP. In November, 1997, the company sold five 30SP phones to the TRI lab of Southwestern Bell in San Antonio. Selsius Systems was borne out of Incite, a division of Intecom, which was a wholly owned subsidiary of Lagardere SCA, a French conglomerate. The Incite team, led by Platt and Tucker, developed and marketed a video PBX. The Incite concept was outlined on a napkin in 1993 and formally organized as a division within Intecom in mid-1994. While Incite's distributed call control software architecture was innovative, the market for a high-end video PBX was not responsive. At Tucker's urging, executives from Intecom and their parent company Matra Communications kept the Incite team together as Selsius was spun out into its own company. Approximately 35 engineers, marketing and sales personnel were part of the original Selsius organization. At the time of the Cisco acquisition, the Selsius team had about 55 employees. From the core call control component of Incite, the Incite Multimedia Manager, grew the Selsius-CallManager, Cisco CallManager, and ultimately Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM). Following the acquisition, Platt and Tucker were retained as Cisco executives in the IP Telephony division, directly overseeing the product they helped to create. Nearly all of the original Selsius employees joined the Cisco development organization, except for a few Selsius employees who chose the buy-out rather than continuing on with the product at Cisco. Some original Selsius employees have left Cisco, including Platt and Kevin Brown who, as of 2006, was the CEO of IPcelerate. The CallManager product was still in need of significant work when acquired, often referred to internally within Cisco as "CallManagler" because of its immature feature set. Selsius Legacy The current invocation of the Selsius legacy is Cisco Unified Communications Manager and the IP phones which still use (among other protocols) the original protocol created by Selsius engineers to facilitate voice over IP, the Skinny Client Control Protocol (SCCP). Analog gateways, which used the Skinny Gateway Control Protocol (SGCP), have since been end-of-lifed by Cisco. Cisco Unified Communications Manager is the call processing component of the Cisco Unified Communications System. As of 2005, Cisco Unified Communications Manager and related communications products are responsible for approximately $1 billion in revenue for Cisco. Pull-through revenue, i.e. revenue generated on other equipment such as switches and routers as a consequence of selling Cisco Unified Communications Manager to Cisco (from enterprise switches, routers and other network infrastructure components) has been estimated by some to be as high as three times the Cisco Unified Communications Manager-related revenue. In its first year of operation, Selsius sold about 3,000 IP phones. In 2006, Cisco sold 3,000 of its IP phones - an extension of the Selsius legacy - every eight hours. Learn More About Selsius Richard Platt wrote the foreword to the first Cisco Press book published on the Unified Communications technology (CallManager, as it was known at that time), titled Cisco CallManager Fundamentals. The book was authored by original Selsius (now Cisco) employees John Alexander, Chris Pearce, Anne Smith, and Delon Whetten. In the foreword, Richard gives an insider's look at the genesis of the Selsius technological advancement: "This was the first time that a telephone call had been made entirely with Internet technology consisting of a true IP phone (connected over Ethernet), over an IP network, managed by an IP-controlled server appropriately named the CallManager." As Richard goes on to say, "This book represents the first book, written by the designers, of the first IP telephony solution ever!" The book's ISBN is 1-58705-008-0 and is now in its second edition. A Cisco employee, Mark Nelson, has a blog post devoted to Selsius, including photos of the key players Platt, Tucker, Alexander, Sanders, and Hahn. Nelson worked with Richard Platt and other Selsius engineering teams at Cisco immediately after Selsius was acquired by Cisco. Nortel Networks attempted to acquire Selsius shortly before Cisco successfully acquired Selsius and its employees and technology. The Nortel bid was withdrawn, lacking Selsius employee support for the deal. Sources 1997 establishments in Texas 1998 disestablishments in Texas American companies established in 1997 American companies disestablished in 1998 Cisco Systems acquisitions Computer companies established in 1997 Computer companies disestablished in 1998 Defunct computer companies of the United States Defunct software companies of the United States Software companies based in Texas Software companies established in 1997 Software companies disestablished in 1998
In object-oriented programming, the open–closed principle (OCP) states "software entities (classes, modules, functions, etc.) should be open for extension, but closed for modification"; that is, such an entity can allow its behaviour to be extended without modifying its source code. The name open–closed principle has been used in two ways. Both ways use generalizations (for instance, inheritance or delegate functions) to resolve the apparent dilemma, but the goals, techniques, and results are different. Open–closed principle is one of the five SOLID principles of object-oriented design. Meyer's open–closed principle Bertrand Meyer is generally credited for having originated the term open–closed principle, which appeared in his 1988 book Object Oriented Software Construction. A module will be said to be open if it is still available for extension. For example, it should be possible to add fields to the data structures it contains, or new elements to the set of functions it performs. A module will be said to be closed if [it] is available for use by other modules. This assumes that the module has been given a well-defined, stable description (the interface in the sense of information hiding). At the time Meyer was writing, adding fields or functions to a library inevitably required changes to any programs depending on that library. Meyer's proposed solution to this dilemma relied on the notion of object-oriented inheritance (specifically implementation inheritance): A class is closed, since it may be compiled, stored in a library, baselined, and used by client classes. But it is also open, since any new class may use it as parent, adding new features. When a descendant class is defined, there is no need to change the original or to disturb its clients. Polymorphic open–closed principle During the 1990s, the open–closed principle became popularly redefined to refer to the use of abstracted interfaces, where the implementations can be changed and multiple implementations could be created and polymorphically substituted for each other. In contrast to Meyer's usage, this definition advocates inheritance from abstract base classes. Interface specifications can be reused through inheritance but implementation need not be. The existing interface is closed to modifications and new implementations must, at a minimum, implement that interface. Robert C. Martin's 1996 article "The Open-Closed Principle" was one of the seminal writings to take this approach. In 2001 Craig Larman related the open–closed principle to the pattern by Alistair Cockburn called Protected Variations, and to the David Parnas discussion of information hiding. See also SOLID – the "O" in "SOLID" represents the open–closed principle Robustness principle References External links The Principles of OOD The Open/Closed Principle: Concerns about Change in Software Design The Open-Closed Principle -- and What Hides Behind It Object-oriented programming Type theory Software design Programming principles Software development philosophies
is a Japanese video game and online game developer and publisher, based in Shinagawa, Tokyo, and founded on 7 June 1978. They are best known for their Cotton series of shooter games, Zoo Keeper and others. Games developed and/or published SuperLite Series SuperLite 1500 Series (Game Boy Advance) Lode Runner (GBA) Asuka 120% Final BURNING Fest. Asuka 120% Return BURNING Fest. ADVANCED V.G.2 A-Train IV SuperLite 3in1 Series SuperLite Gold Series SuperLite 2000 Series (PlayStation 2) Ever 17: The Out of Infinity Remember 11: The Age of Infinity Ai Yori Aoshi Monochrome SuperLite 2500 Series (Nintendo DS) Brickdown Crimson Room (DS port of the Flash escape the room game of the same name) Custom Mahjong Gekikara Nanpure 2500 Mon Joshikousei Nigeru! Shinrei Puzzle Gakuen Tokyo Odaiba Casino Chotto-Aima no Colpile DS Quiz no Tabi See also Simple series - a series of inexpensive games published by D3, similar to Success's SuperLite series. References External links Software companies based in Tokyo Video game companies established in 1978 Video game companies of Japan Video game development companies Video game publishers Japanese companies established in 1978
The 2001 FIVB World Grand Prix was the ninth women's volleyball tournament of its kind. Teams Preliminary rounds Ranking First round Group A Venue: Suphanburi, Thailand Group B Venue: Kowloon, Hong Kong Second round Group C Venue: Harbin, China Group D Venue: Kaohsiung, Taiwan Third round Group E Venue: Harbin, China Group F Venue: Tokyo, Japan Final round Venue: Macau Pool play Group A Group B Final four Semifinals 7th place match 5th place match 3rd place match Final Final ranking Individual awards Most valuable player: Best scorer: Best spiker: Best blocker: Best server: Best digger: Best setter: Best receiver: References FIVB Volleyball Almanac FIVB World Grand Prix 2001 in Chinese sport International volleyball competitions hosted by China 2001 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix
Srđan Cvijić is a Serbian political scientist who is a senior policy analyst on European Union external relations. Cvijić is the Senior Policy Analyst at the Open Society Foundations in Brussels and member of the Balkans in Europe Policy Advisory Group. He is an expert in the area of democratisation, public and international law and human rights law. Prior to working for the Open Society, Cvijić was employed at the European Policy Centre, the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, the Stability Pact for Southeastern Europe, and in the area of diplomacy for Serbia. He received his LLB from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Law, M.A. in International Relations and European Studies from Central European University and PhD from the Law Department of the European University Institute. He is a regular contributor to news sources, including Politico, EUobserver, the European Western Balkans as well as a commentator for Euronews, Radio Free Europe, Voice of America and others. References External links Transatlantic Assembly Stability Pact for South Eastern Europe - Who is Who - Working Table I - Democratisation and Human Rights Serbian political scientists Living people University of Belgrade Faculty of Law alumni Central European University alumni Year of birth missing (living people)
LeechModem was a BBS file transfer protocol client. LeechModem was compatible with protocols like XMODEM (and YMODEM), but it would mischievously NAK the last packet and then abort the file transfer. The user had successfully downloaded the file, but the BBS would mistakenly not count the aborted file transfer against the user's download quota. The user would need to know and input the filesize before the transfer so the client would know when to abort. Leech-modem was designed by Sam Brown. Leech ZMODEM was suggested by Sam Brown but written by a long lost friend in Atlanta, GA. Leech ZMODEM was a LeechModem variant that was compatible with the faster ZMODEM streaming file-transfer protocol. Subsequent versions of Leech ZMODEM were authored by Sam Brown. LeechModem was used successfully for 2-3 years by a small group of people centered in the 408 area code and 203 area code. It was not until the LeechModem software was leaked that it was discovered and counter-measures were built into BBS software. Emulex/2 was the first BBS software to support Anti-LeechModem technology. This was because Sam Brown wrote Emulex/2 BBS software as well. A common method was rounding the file size to the nearest kilobyte, causing the user to be unaware of the exact file size, rendering Leechmodem unusable. See also Leech (computing) BBS file transfer protocols
A cheese knife is a type of kitchen knife specialized for the cutting of cheese. Different cheeses require different knives, according primarily to hardness. There are also a number of other kitchen tools designed for cutting or slicing cheese, especially the harder types. These include the cheese cutter, cheese slicer, cheese plane, cheese scoop for soft cheese and others, collectively known as cheese servers. Soft cheese knives Soft cheese knives are designed to deal with the stickiness of soft cheese. When the cheese does not stick to the blade, it allows for pieces of cheese to be presented more attractively, with crisper shapes compared to cheese cut with standard knives. The blades of cheese knives are usually made of a material such as stainless steel, which is resistant to the stickiness of cheese. Another design feature often found is the presence of holes in the blade to help to prevent the cheese from sticking to it. Some soft cheese knives also include a ridge, which runs vertically near the top of the blade. This helps separate the cheese as it is being sliced. Some cheese knives have a forked end, used for serving slices of cheese. Most ordinary knives have a blade that is wide at the base and tapers to the tip. A cheese knife, on the other hand, may look similar to a cleaver in that it starts out thinner at the handle and then gets wider away from the base. Some cheese knives have angled handles to make an easier cut. The non-sticky characteristics of a cheese knife also make them useful for cutting other sticky foods, such as cakes, eggs, and pies; compare also egg slicer. Hard cheese knives Hard cheeses require a tough blade, which will not be damaged by the hard cheese. Exemplary is the distinctive Parmesan cheese knife, which is short, thick, and stubby, like an oyster knife. Another popular design is that of a large straight blade with handles on both ends so that a great amount of pressure may be applied. Alternatives Various non-knife devices are used for cutting cheese, such as a cheese wire, which completely avoids adhesion, a cheese slicer, used primarily for thin slices of medium-hard cheeses, used especially in Scandinavia and The Netherlands for cutting cheese for sandwiches, and the girolle, used to cut the hard Tête de Moine cheese by scraping. Cheese slicer A cheese slicer is used usually to cut semi-hard and hard cheeses like Edam cheese and brunost. It produces thin, even slices. There are different styles of cheese slicers, designed for cheeses of varying hardness. Ostehøvel, a modern cheese slicer or cheese plane, was invented by Thor Bjørklund in 1925 in Norway. Mass production of the ostehøvel started during 1927 in Lillehammer, Norway. The design was based on the carpenter's plane. This style of slicer is very common in the Nordic countries, and in the Netherlands, Belgium and Germany. Cheese cutter Cheese cutters are designed to cut soft, sticky cheeses (moist and oily), and accordingly do not have a large sharp-edged blade; compare to a cheese knife with holes in the blade. The cutting edge of cheese cutters are typically a fine gauge stainless steel or aluminium wire (a "cheesewire") stretched across a supporting frame. The thin wire cuts through a cheese block with hand pressure. The original Prodyne Gourmet Cheese Slicer had a wooden board with a slot cut into it and a hole through which one end of a U-shaped steel cutting arm was inserted. In the patented design, a stainless steel wire extends between the two ends of the cutting arm fit into the slot, and cuts the cheese. The wire has loops at each end; one loop is around the steel cutting arm in the slot, while the other passes around a metal pin though a plastic handle on the other end of the cutting arm. The plastic handle rotates upward to tighten the wire, and is secured to the cutting arm with a screw. The board-style cheese slicer has been expanded to include marble, stainless steel, and plastic cutting boards. Several other designs of handles and wire holders have also been invented to hold the cutting wires of cheese slicing boards. Many of these wires have loops on the ends like the Prodyne models; others have small rings or knots that fit into a slot on the handle and cutting arm. Girolle The girolle is a utensil for scraping Tête de Moine Swiss cheese into the form of rosettes that resemble chanterelle mushrooms (also known as girolle in French, hence the name of the device). This cheese was traditionally scraped with a knife. The girolle was invented in 1982 by Nicolas Crevoisier of the Swiss Jura and is produced by the Métafil-laGirolle company. Cheese plane The cheese plane is a stationary variant of a carpenter's plane. It is used for cutting extra-hard Berner Alpkäse that has been aged for at least two years, also known as (plane cheese). Cheese scoop Cheese scoop is used for softer cheeses. It has a short curved blade with a long handle, creating an appearance of a tiny (6-8 inches long) garden trowel. Scoop can be used in a manner similar to a spoon when serving semisoft but crumbly Stilton cheese. It can also be used to scoop out gouda or edam from their wax covers. Old version might have a built-in scraper, similar to the one in ice cream scoop. References External links Cheese Kitchen knives Norwegian inventions de:Käsehobel
EVO Smart Console is a line media PCs and video game consoles marketed in the seventh generation of video game consoles. The system was produced by Envizions, a company based in Anniston, Alabama. History On August 10, 2004, the company Envizions was founded. Development of the first EVO console is estimated to have cost roughly 1 million dollars. The beta, called EVO: Phase One, was released on October 20, 2006. The final name of the system was EVO Smart Console, and was released to developers on November 20, 2008, and it cost $250 following a rebate scheme, with a upfront price of $600. The media debut for the system occurred after the release of developer machines on May 5, 2009. On April 9, 2009, the cumulative number of units sold was 10 at a cost of either $379 for the Linux version or $479 for the Windows version. However, on April 23, 2009 The Guardian reported that the prices for the systems were $279 and $350. On April 9, 2009 100 units had been produced. The EVO 2 is a cancelled game console project first mentioned on an Envizions press release on January 9, 2011, under the name GameBox, it was unveiled on May 25, 2011, with specs, images, and a new name. It was supposed initially to be released in fall 2011, before later being delayed to a 2012 release date. The announcement of a delay also contained the announcement of a limited re-release of the original EVO Smart Console. On November 28, 2012, Envizions CEO Derrick Samuels announced a new Android console, Oton, from his new startup called 'EnGeniux', effectively ending EVO 2's development. OTON was to be a console capable of some autonomy. Despite the cancellation of the EVO 2, Envizions developed the EVO 2 DX, a gaming PC running an operating system that is a hybrid of Windows and Android. It has motion capabilities using a standard webcam. Specifications EVO Smart Console Hardware A dual core AMD Athlon 64x2 5600+ (2.90 GHz) central processing unit powers the system, and is accompanied by a ATI HD 3200 graphics processing unit. The system has 2 gigabytes of DDR2 RAM clocked at 800 MHz. A 120 gigabyte hard disk drive handles local storage, with cloud storage also being supported. Removable digital media was supported with a DVD-ROM Drive, which was compatible with DVD-video, DVD-ROM, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, CD-ROM, and CD-RW formats. Additionally the system sported one SD card slot. Game media was distributed on SD cards. Graphics are output on two built in ports, one HDMI port, and one DVI port. Standard-definition or high-definition video could be output. The system sports three audio ports. The system also has two USB 2.0 ports for general IO. The system included two Ethernet ports, allowing it to access the Internet, as well as to allow multiple players from one master hub. Software The system uses the Fedora Linux operating system. A model which cost $100 more ran Microsoft Windows. The system came bundled with three games: SuperTux, Kobo Deluxe, and Kid Destiny. The console also features high definition (HD), Internet access, and was able to run Windows and Amiga-based games. The system relies on proprietary firmware. A biometric security system supported fingerprint scans, facial, and voice recognition, and biometric linked game saves The system supported VoIP, Remote desktop software, Internet Television, Streaming content, Akimbo-based video on demand (VOD), and DVR. Most of this was handled by the voice-enabled Media Center Communicator. Latest Revision The latest version had Amiga-based games, and an Akimbo-based video on demand service. It also had a larger, 250 GB hard drive, 1080p resolution, and ran a version of Fedora Linux operating system, Mirrors Evolution. There is open-source software for developers to make games for the system. EVO 2 The EVO 2 uses a Samsung S5PV210 CPU, containing a ARM Cortex-A8 core clocked from containing a 1 GHz up to 1.2 GHz, The system has 512MB of RAM. An Nvidia Tegra 2 is used as a GPU. The system uses 2GB of internal flash storage. Storage is expandable via SD/SDHC memory cards with a SD memory card slot (supports SDHC cards) Further expansion is possible with 5 USB 2.0 ports Two different kinds of display output were supported. An "AV Multi Out" port, supported composite video, S-Video (NTSC consoles only). An HDMI out port, supported six-channel PCM linear output through HDMI. Resolutions supported included 1080p, 1080i, 720p, 480p, or 480i, standard 4:3 and 16:9 anamorphic widescreen. EVO 2 DX The system was powered by an undisclosed "quad-core Opteron & Phenom" CPU, working in conjunction with a DirectX 10.1 compatible Integrated ATI Radeon HD 4200. The underlying system made use of an AMD 785G chipset as well as a SB750 chipset. Internally the system has 4 x SATA II ports capable of 3Gbit/s with support for RAID 0,1,5,10 through AMD RAIDXpert. For external storage the system has two eSATA ports. Networking is handled by Realtek PCI-Express based Gigabit Ethernet port. Video output ports include HDMI 1.3, VGA, and DVI-D. Audio is handled by an Integrated ALC662 6-CH HD audio. Other ports included 1 x 32-bit PCI and 1 x mini-PCI Express, EVO 2 DX Pocket An android powered handheld system. References External links (Archive) Personal computers Computer-related introductions in 2006 x86-based game consoles Linux-based video game consoles Android-based video game consoles Seventh-generation video game consoles Anniston, Alabama
Mercure can also refer to the chain of hotels run by Accor. See Mercure Hotels. MERCURE is an atmospheric dispersion modeling CFD code developed by Électricité de France (EDF) and distributed by ARIA Technologies, a French company. MERCURE is a version of the CFD software ESTET, developed by EDF's Laboratoire National d'Hydraulique. Thus, it has directly benefited from the improvements developed for ESTET. When requested, ARIA integrates MERCURE as a module into the ARIA RISK software for use in industrial risk assessments. Features of the model MERCURE is particularly well adapted to perform air pollution dispersion modelling on local or urban scales. Some of the models capabilities and features are: Pollution source types: Point or line sources, continuous or intermittent. Pollution plume types: Buoyant or dense gas plumes. Deposition: The model is capable of simulating the deposition or decay of plume pollutants. Users of the model There are many organizations that have used MERCURE. To name a few: Électricité de France (EDF) Laboratoire de Mécanique des Fluides et d’Acoustique (LMFA) de l'École Centrale de Lyon, France Institut de radioprotection et de sûreté nucléaire (IRSN), Fontenay, France The Italian National Agency for New Technology, Energy and the Environment (ENEA), Bologna, Italy Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane, Australia See also Bibliography of atmospheric dispersion modeling Atmospheric dispersion modeling List of atmospheric dispersion models Further reading For those who are unfamiliar with air pollution dispersion modelling and would like to learn more about the subject, it is suggested that either one of the following books be read: www.crcpress.com www.air-dispersion.com References External links ARIA Technologies web site (English version) EDF website (English version) Atmospheric dispersion modeling Électricité de France
Expense management refers to the systems deployed by a business to process, pay, and audit employee-initiated expenses. These costs include, but are not limited to, expenses incurred for travel and entertainment. Expense management includes the policies and procedures that govern such spending, as well as the technologies and services utilized to process and analyze the data associated with it. Software to manage the expense claim, authorization, audit and repayment processes can be obtained from organizations that provide a licensed software, implementation and support service, or alternatively, from software as a service (SaaS) providers. SaaS providers offer on-demand web-based applications managed by a third party to improve the productivity of expense management. Steps Expense management automation has two aspects: the process an employee follows in order to complete an expense claim (for example, logging a hotel receipt or submitting mobile phone records) and the activity accounts or finance staff undertake to process the claim within the finance system. Typically, a manual process will involve an employee completing a paper, spreadsheet, or graphical user interface-based expense report that they then forward, along with the relevant tax invoices (receipts), to a manager or other controller for approval. Once the manager has approved the claim, they forward it on to the accounts department for processing. The accounts staff then key each expense item into the company's finance system before filing the claim and receipts away. In a Software as a Service implementation, these processes are largely automated and the submission and approvals processes are transacted electronically. Expense Management automation is the means by which an organization can significantly reduce transaction costs and improve management control when logging, calculating and processing corporate expenses. Independent research evaluating the use of automated expense management systems has confirmed that the cost of processing an expense claim is reduced as the level of automation increases. Organizations may automate their expense management processes for reasons such as compliance, cost reduction, control, and employee productivity. Types Business strategies are tailored to various types of expense management: Spreadsheets: Spreadsheets can be an easy, cheap way to keep track of expenses, but they still have paper receipts that go along with them that can be lost or damaged. This can also be a labor-intensive method and it can be confusing if employees are not good at using spreadsheets. Paper forms: Paper forms work well with paper receipts. This is also an inexpensive way to manage expense reports. However, this can amount to a lot of manual work of logging and tracking these reports for both employees, approvers, and the people who need to pay the bills in the accounting department. Software: Software reduces the workload, but it also can cost more in the beginning to implement. According to the Aberdeen Group's report, "Best-In-Class T&E Expense Management: How They Do It," software can solve the major problems of compliance, manual labor, approval time, and the cost of expense reporting overall. Telecom expense management Telecom Expense Management (TEM) is the process of managing large enterprises communications costs to include fixed voice and data, mobile devices, Unified Communications and Collaboration (UCC), VoIP, and any other IT related services. The management of wireless and wireline service and asset expenses is labeled as Telecom expense management. Historically, Telecom expenses were managed as general services. In recent years, more and more organizations associate telecom expense to IT services. This change in management is due to a shift in global business strategies towards evolving technologies. Travel expense management Travel expense management (often referred to as "T+E") is defined as the means to organize and manage travel arrangements and costs for traveling employee. Technology expense management Technology expense management or IT expense management is the management of technology costs such as software licenses, computer equipment, applications, etc. Technology expense management also includes the management of services related to technology (SaaS, PaaS, etc.). Technology expense management activities are often performed through the use of various technology tools (bill of IT, management software, workflows, etc.). See also Corporate travel management References Human resource management Expense Travel management
The 2001 FIVB Volleyball World League was the 12th edition of the annual men's international volleyball tournament, played by 16 countries from 11 May to 30 June 2001. The Final Round was held in Katowice, Poland. Pools composition Intercontinental round Pool A Pool B Pool C Pool D Final round Venue: Spodek, Katowice, Poland Pool play Pool E Pool F Final four Semifinals 3rd place match Final Final standing Awards Best scorer Ivan Miljković Best spiker André Nascimento Best blocker Gustavo Endres Best server Luigi Mastrangelo References External links 2001 World League Results Sports123 Volleyball Almanac FIVB Volleyball World League FIVB World League Volleyball 2001 in Polish sport
Samhain is an integrity checker and host intrusion detection system that can be used on single hosts as well as large, UNIX-based networks. It supports central monitoring as well as powerful (and new) stealth features to run undetected in memory, using steganography. Main features Complete integrity check uses cryptographic checksums of files to detect modifications, can find rogue SUID executables anywhere on a disk, and Centralized monitoring native support for logging to a central server via encrypted and authenticated connections Tamper resistance database and configuration files can be signed log file entries and e-mail reports are signed support for stealth operation See also Host-based intrusion detection system comparison References External links Samhain Homepage Privacy software Unix security-related software Intrusion detection systems Free security software programmed in C
TC Electronic (sometimes stylized as t.c. electronic) is a Danish audio equipment company that designs and imports guitar effects, bass amplification, computer audio interfaces, audio plug-in software, live sound equalisers, studio and post-production equipment, studio effect processors, and broadcast loudness processors and meters. In August 2015, the company was purchased by Music Group, a holding company chaired by Uli Behringer. Company history TC Electronic was founded by two musician brothers, Kim and John Rishøj. Their SCF, ("Stereo Chorus + Pitch Modulator & Flanger") was a successful early product. After initial success with guitar effect pedals, they developed 19" rack mounted processors, including the TC2290 delay released in 1985. TC Electronic formed the current TC Group in 2002 after acquiring TGI plc. TGI consisted of Tannoy, GLL Goodman, Lab.Gruppen and Martin Audio. Martin Audio was sold quickly after the merger and Goodman Loudspeakers closed. TC Works (software development), based in Germany, was once part of the TC group, but reintegrated with TC Electronic in 2005. The current TC Group is a holding company of five individual brand companies consisting of Tannoy, (speakers and studio monitors), Lab.Gruppen (amplifiers), TC Electronic, TC-Helicon (harmonisers and vocal processors) and TC|Applied Technologies (digital-audio semiconductor development) and the sales-companies TC Group|International, TC Group|Americas, TC Group|Japan, TC Group|China, and TC Group|Middle East. TC Electronic also co-develops products with Dynaudio Acoustics (studio monitors) and their European sales arm TC Group|International distributes Blue Microphones outside of the US. In August 2015, the company was purchased by Music Group, a holding company chaired by Uli Behringer. The parent company has since been rebranded as Music Tribe. Products System 6000 System 6000 is an audio mastering system built around the Mainframe 6000. It houses DSP-based electronics for processing and provides audio inputs and outputs. The Mainframe 6000 connects via Ethernet to either the Remote CPU 6000 and the TC ICON hardware controller, or to a computer running TC ICON emulation software. The System 6000 comes in two versions—Reverb 6000 and Mastering 6000. The two differ in included processing algorithms: Reverb 6000 comes with reverb and delay effects for stereo and multi-channel purposes, while Mastering 6000 comes with algorithms suited for stereo and multi-channel audio mastering, and includes pitch-shifting tools. Several optional algorithms are available separately. The System 6000 series was upgraded to MK2 in 2010. Finalizer The Finalizer is an audio mastering tool available two versions: Finalizer 96K and Finalizer Express. Both Finalizers have a compressor, limiter, equaliser and a Gain Maximiser. The Finalizer Express is a less-functional version of the Finalizer 96K that does not perform 96 kHz processing. Guitar products Since the company began with guitar effects, the current line of TC Electronic products remain an important aspect of the company's business. There are several product categories: Nova - Includes a line of pedals (Delay, Reverb, Modulator, Drive) and the Nova System Multi Effects processor. G-Series - Includes the top of the range G System (floor processor and switching unit), the dedicated acoustic processor G Natural and rack processors G Major 2 and G-Force. Tuners - PolyTune (introduced 2010) is the world's first polyphonic guitar tuner. Compact Pedals - Includes the original SCF (Stereo Chorus Flanger), Ditto mini, HOF mini, VPD1, MojoMojo Overdrive and Dark Matter Distortion. TonePrint Pedals - Released at the NAMM Show in January 2010, these digital pedals have the ability to have TonePrints (custom presets by famous guitar & bass players) downloaded free from the TC website added and uploaded to the pedal via. a mini USB socket. Includes the Hall of Fame and Flashback II Bass amplification products In 2009, TC Electronic released a class D bass amplifier, RH450 (originally called RebelHead 450, but this name was cancelled later) along with the complementary RC 4 foot switch. In addition to this, TC Electronic developed a range of speaker cabinets for RH450 and other bass amplifiers: RS112(1x12" speakers) RS210(2x10" speakers), RS212(2 x 12" speakers) and RS410(4 x 10" speakers). Also, shortly after presenting the RH450 at the NAMM Show in 2009, TC Electronic engaged a pilot program, selecting 24 bassists worldwide to test the amplifier at concerts and rehearsals. PowerCore PowerCore is a series of computer hardware and software, somewhat similar in concept to the DSP card in Digidesign's Pro Tools. At the base is a PowerCore unit that runs PowerCore VST or AU plug-ins. TC Electronic discontinued the PowerCore line in early 2011. Studio equipment TC Electronic produces equalizers, microphone preamplifiers, compressors, level maximizers, and multi-effect units (such as FireworX). FireworX FireworX is a multi-effects processor. Producers and DJs, such as Sasha, use or used Fireworx in conjunction with CD players for live performances. Fireworx won best Hardware Signal Processing Technology at the 1998 TEC Awards. The unit itself incorporates effects such as distortion, compression, noise and curve generators, ring modulation, vocoding, parametric equalizers, tremolo, reverb and delay. The effects can be routed in a large variety of ways, and it is possible to modify different parameters. PA, installation and broadcasting products TC Electronic also produces equalizers for live use, gain maximizers, loudness controllers, and several products that reduce loudness variations during broadcasting. TC Electronic also has been a partner in developing loudness standardisation work with international standards bodies such as the ITU, ATSC and EBU. Software TC Electronic develops a range of plug-ins for its PowerCore system. They are all in the VST or AU formats, but cannot run without the PowerCore hardware. Some of these plug-ins are included with all of the PowerCore systems, except PowerCore Unplugged. The plugins include equalizers, noise removal plugins, reverbs, analog filter banks emulators, compressors and psychoacoustic effects. TC Electronic also authors plug-ins for the HD version of Digidesign's Pro Tools and Soundscape software. These plug-ins are also available in a PowerCore version (some of them are ported from the System 6000). They include vocal harmonisers, mastering plugins, reverbs and compressors. Spark audio editor TC Electronic also developed a two-track digital audio editor, which featured mastering tools and different effects. References External links TC Electronic TC Helicon Dynaudio Acoustics Audio equipment manufacturers of Denmark Manufacturers of professional audio equipment Music equipment manufacturers Guitar effects manufacturing companies Danish brands
3D Fax is a computer program, developed for Microsoft Windows by InfoImaging Technologies in the mid-1990s, for file transfer via fax. The program encodes a file into an image, which the user would then print and send via a fax machine or transmit directly from the computer using a fax modem. The recipient would then scan the transmitted image or receive it via a fax modem, and use 3D Fax to decode it back to its original binary form. InfoImaging claimed a capacity of 40kB per sheet of paper using its image encoding of files, extended to 110kB (between two fax modems) in the 2.0 version. InfoWorld's reviewer found that the 1.0 version could compress both a 90kB Word document and a 302kB image file to less than 40kB, so the files could each be faxed as a single page. References Fax software
NimbleX is a small Slackware-based Linux distribution optimized to run from a CD, USB drive or a network environment. NimbleX has been praised for how fast it boots, as well as for its small disk footprint, which is considered surprising for a distribution using KDE as desktop environment. NimbleX was also remarked for its website that allows users to generate custom bootable images by using a web browser. It was also covered in mainstream Romanian press as the first Linux distribution put together by a Romanian. Features NimbleX is known for its fast boot up which is an important factor in user experience when running from optical media or USB drives. A review of the 2007 NimbleX edition noted: "Expect it to boot in less than half the time that a live CD from Fedora, Ubuntu, or Knoppix takes." A more recent review of the 2008 edition also noted NimbleX's speed: "It's easily one of the fastest bootups I've seen in a while. I even tried to hinder or cripple its boot time, and even on a dog slow pendrive or an old as dirt test machine, it still booted amazingly fast. The desktop and applications are also very fast." NimbleX is also a very compact distribution. A review of the 2007 edition wondered "how they managed to include KDE, not to mention the other applications", having included in the size of only 200 MB a window-based graphical user interface (a slimmed down KDE to fit), the Firefox web browser, the office documents editor KOffice, a PDF reader, a media player that can play almost all the file formats without the need to install a codec, the photo editing software GIMP, anti-virus and Bluetooth support integrated to name a few applications included. As of 2008, the installation process of major Linux distributions can be customized by creating custom installation disks, usually called spins, but creating a spin requires a certain amount of expertise, and creating a spin that can run from the installation media requires further customization. NimbleX makes this process user-friendly by providing a web interface for the process, which is similar to that of some embedded Linux distributions, e.g. FreeWRT. These features made the distribution popular early on: "To judge from its forums, NimbleX has attracted a surprisingly large number of users for such a relatively unknown distribution." Components NimbleX uses a 2.6 kernel. The default GUI is KDE, but for slower computers the default desktop environment can be exchanged for one with lower resource usage like Fluxbox or Xfce. Typical office, web browsing and messaging components are included, but NimbleX hardly offers any graphical administration tools — most administration tasks, like adding a new user, have to be performed from the command line. This tradeoff allows NimbleX to have a small installation footprint — a typical installation is under 400 megabytes. Additional applications can be installed using the graphical installer Gslapt (or slapt-get from the command line), which brings automatic resolution of dependencies to Slackware packages. A text-mode hard driver installer is available (nxinst), but this was considered beta quality in the 2008 edition. The 2008 edition comes in three standard install images: a 200MB and two smaller even ones at 100 and 69MB. The installers do not allow customizations of the packets during installation however. NimbleX 2008 uses KDE 3.5.9,now NimbleX 2010 beta version is also present on their site which is based on kde 4 and it support most of new hardware and the user can also enable compiz fusion via a link on the desktop, but OpenOffice.org is not included; instead, KOffice is provided for an office suite. NimbleX has included in the 200 MB package some very useful applications like Firefox web browser, KOffice, PDF reader, Kopete instant messenger, KlamAV anti-virus, GIMP photo editor, Bluetooth support, remote connection to other PC. Other important software that are supported in a bigger NimbleX package are OpenOffice.org, Java, Python, Samba, Wine Windows applications emulator, and many other applications are compiled by the community to be included in this distribution. Criticism NimbleX 2008 was criticized as "irresponsible" for lacking some common security features out of the box. Even though the ClamAV anti-virus and the Guarddog firewall are installed by default, no (non-root) user account is created during the installation, no root password is required to log on to the desktop, and the default root password is displayed on NimbleX's web site. NimbleX 2010 also has some fixed applications which cannot be removed at all. Another problem is that some NimbleX packages are created by repackaging Slackware packages. Since NimbleX installs fewer libraries, this sometimes results in uninstallable or unusable packages. References External links NimbleX website Create your own custom Nimblex ISO NimbleX archive and downloads Reviews Linux Loop about NimbleX 2008 Tuxmachines.org about NimbleX 2007 Slackware Operating system distributions bootable from read-only media Live USB Linux distributions
Anti-computer tactics are methods used by humans to try to beat computer opponents at various games, most typically board games such as chess and Arimaa. They are most associated with competitions against computer AIs that are playing to their utmost to win, rather than AIs merely programmed to be an interesting challenge that can be given intentional weaknesses and quirks by the programmer (as in many video game AIs). Such tactics are most associated with the era when AIs searched a game tree with an evaluation function looking for promising moves, often with Alpha–beta pruning or other minimax algorithms used to narrow the search. Against such algorithms, a common tactic is to play conservatively aiming for a long-term advantage. The theory is that this advantage will manifest slowly enough that the computer is unable to notice in its search, and the computer won't play around the threat correctly. This may result in, for example, a subtle advantage that eventually turns into a winning chess endgame with a passed pawn. (Conversely, attempting to lure an AI into a short-term "trap", inviting the play of a reasonable-seeming to humans but actually disastrous move, will essentially never work against a computer in games of perfect information.) The field is most associated with the 1990s and early 2000s, when computers were very strong at games such as chess, yet beatable. Even then, the efficacy of such tactics was questionable, with several tactics such as making unusual or suboptimal moves to quickly get the computer out of its opening book proving ineffective in human-computer tournaments. The rise of machine learning has also dented the applicability of anti-computer tactics, as machine learning algorithms tend to play the long game equally as well if not better than human players. Common aspects One aspect of designing a classic AI for games of perfect information is the horizon effect. Computer AIs examine a game tree of possible moves and counter-moves, but unless a forced win is in the tree, it needs to stop exploring new possibilities eventually. When it does, an evaluation function is called on the board state, which often uses rough heuristics to determine which side the board favors. In chess, this might be things like material advantage (extra pieces), control of the center, king safety, and pawn structure. Exploiting the horizon effect can be done by human players by using a strategy whose fruits are apparent only beyond the plies examined by the AI. For example, if the AI is examining 10 plies ahead, and a strategy will "pay off" in 12-20 plies (6-10 turns), the AI won't play around the looming threat that it can't "see", similar to a person being unable to see "over the horizon" where a ship might be hid by the natural curvature of the earth. Similarly, to keep the horizon short, human players may want to keep as complicated a board state as possible. Simplifying the board by trading pieces lets the AI look "farther" into the future, as there are fewer options to consider, and thus is avoided when trying to exploit the horizon effect. A tactic that works best on AIs that are very "deterministic" and known to play in one specific way in response to a threat is to force a situation where the human knows exactly how the AI will respond. If the human picks a situation that they believe the AI handles poorly, this can lead to reliably luring the AI into such situations. Even if the AI can handle that particular play style well, if the human is confident that the AI will always pick it, it simplifies preparation for the human player - they can just learn this one situation very closely, knowing that the AI will always accept an invitation to play into that kind of board. Chess In the 1997 Deep Blue versus Garry Kasparov match, Kasparov played an anti-computer tactic move at the start of the game to get Deep Blue out of its opening book. Kasparov chose the unusual Mieses Opening and thought that the computer would play the opening poorly if it had to play itself (that is, rely on its own skills rather than use its opening book). Kasparov played similar anti-computer openings in the other games of the match, but the tactic backfired. About the two matches, Kasparov wrote after the second game, where he chose the Ruy López, “We decided that using the same passive anti-computer strategy with black would be too dangerous. With white I could control the pace of the game much better and wait for my chances. With black it would be safer to play a known opening even if it was in Deep Blue's book especially if it was a closed opening where it would have difficulty finding a plan. The downside with this strategy as in all the games was that it wasn't my style either. While I was playing anti-computer chess I was also playing anti-Kasparov chess.” The Brains in Bahrain was an eight-game chess match between human chess grandmaster, and then World Champion, Vladimir Kramnik and the computer program Deep Fritz 7, held in October 2002. The match ended in a tie 4–4, with two wins for each participant and four draws, worth half a point each. Anti-computer chess games Garry Kasparov vs. Deep Blue (Computer) IBM Man-Machine, New York USA 1997 Garry Kasparov vs. X3D Fritz (Computer) Man-Machine World Chess Championship 2003 Rybka (Computer) vs. Hikaru Nakamura ICC blitz 3 0 2008 Arimaa Arimaa is a chess derivative specifically designed to be difficult for alpha-beta pruning AIs, inspired by Kasparov's loss to Deep Blue in 1997. It allows 4 actions per "move" for a player, greatly increasing the size of the search space, and can reasonably end with a mostly full board and few captured pieces, avoiding endgame tablebase style "solved" positions due to scarcity of units. While human Arimaa players held out longer than chess, they too fell to superior computer AIs in 2015. References Computer chess
Bitstream Font Fusion is a small, fast, object-oriented font engine written in ANSI C capable of rendering high-quality text on any platform, any device, and at any resolution. The entire source code is portable, optimized, and executes independent of operating system and processor. The font engine is capable of rendering 2,400-3,300 characters per second on a 100 MIPS CPU. Font Fusion is designed such that it can meet the memory and performance requirements, even if the Asian languages that contain thousands of characters are to be supported. Font Fusion is also the core technology behind other Bitstream products, Panorama, ThunderHawk and myMMS. Version history In late 1980s, Sampo Kaasila, lead developer of TrueType and founder of Type Solutions (now a wholly owned subsidiary of Bitstream Inc.) designed T2K, a font renderer, which provided an object-oriented design, advanced architecture and algorithms, and was capable, to embed in all sorts of devices. Later in 1998, Bitstream acquired Type solutions and T2K evolved into Bitstream's font rasterizer, called Font Fusion. Features Enhanced Font Support - Font Fusion provides support for Web Open Font Format (WOFF), OpenType fonts, Multiple Master Postscript Fonts, and Type1 fonts. New Font Manager - The new Font Manager module has been written from the scratch. As compared to previous version, it is faster, consumes less memory, and has a rich set of user APIs. It also includes an optional Android wrapper Add-on which enables an Android application to use Font Fusion rendering engine. Optimized hmtx Structure - Includes an optimized Horizontal Metrics hmtx table loading process. Added support for 32-bit Filter Tag - Font Fusion includes support for 32 bit Filter Tag, now more number of filters can be added by a user of Font Fusion. Lossless Font Compression — The font engine can read and render industry-standard fonts, bitmap fonts, and outline fonts in a compressed format. The engine has a unique capability of font compression such that each font consumes less memory, and achieving a 2-to-1 compression factor. For example, a unified stroke-based CJK font, with 37,000 characters is under 1MB with optimum compression. CJK Bitmap Font Compression — Font Fusion implements a compression algorithm for CJK bitmap fonts, which ideally compresses the embedded bitmaps and provides a compressed CJK bitmap font support. This font format is Bitstream proprietary compression format for CJK bitmap fonts. Fractional Size and Positioning — Supports fractional sizing and positioning of characters, such that text strings can be fit into any region. Smart Scaling — Smart scaling regulates the adjustment of characters that extend beyond the set height parameters and may get clipped when rendered on small screen devices. The technology ensures that the scaled characters are in proportion to the other characters in the font. Cache Management — Includes a dedicated cache manager to manage the system performance. Uses the cache to store rendered characters (bitmaps). Small footprint — The Font Fusion code size for devices varies from 65 – 187 KB, depending on the configuration chosen. Extraordinary Typographical Quality — Native TrueType hinting produces high-quality output on any device. Additionally, the anti-aliasing techniques, TV/LCD modes improve the glyph output irrespective of the device (a mobile handset or a large digital TV). Low Memory Requirement — Only 16 – 40 KB of RAM required for a Latin font and 27 – 34 KB of RAM required for a stroke based Asian font. Scalable Text — Supports high quality scalable text that can be used by mobile and smart phones. The device manufacturers and mobile developers can replace the bitmaps at a single point size with scalable font that can be rendered at different font sizes. Stroke-based Fonts Fupport — Uses a proprietary stroke-based font technology that uses a library of common components, called "radicals", that appear in characters repeatedly. The radicals and strokes are then pieced together and rendered on the fly to create characters. Language Coverage/Font Support Compact Asian fonts Industry Standard Asian Fonts Cyrillic Greek Arabic (complex scripting language) Hebrew (complex scripting language) Indian (complex scripting languages) Thai (complex scripting language) Over 50 other worldwide languages Font Formats Supported Multiple master fonts WOFF fonts Type 1 TrueType TrueType collections OpenType Compact font format (CFF)/Type 2 TrueDoc Portable Font Resources (PFRs) Bitstream Speedo T2K Font Fusion Stroke (FFS) Embedded bitmaps (TrueType, TrueDoc, and T2K) Bitmap Distribution Format (BDF) Mac font suitcase (Dfont) Windows bitmap font format FNT/FON PCLeo (PCL Encapsulated Outline), an Intellifont font format PCLetto (PCL Encapsulated Truetype Outline), soft fonts for printing applications Applications/Operating Systems Supported Cross-platform applications Web (HTML) applications Macintosh & Windows BREW Linux & UNIX Embedded operating systems Real time operating systems Devices Supported Consumer Electronic Devices, Mobile Handset, Set-top box, Digital TV, Printer, Printer Controller, Fax Machine, Multi-function Device, Medical Imaging Device, GPS System, Automobile Display, and other Embedded System Software Applications Supported Web application, Graphics application, Gaming application Font Fusion Plug-In for Symbian Font Fusion plug-in is available for the Symbian OS as a dynamic-link library (DLL). The plug-in inherits all the features supported by the core Font Fusion engine. Font Fusion Plug-In for BREW Font Fusion plug-in for BREW platform provides a standard font-rendering framework that implements different BREW interfaces, supporting scalable and multilingual text. Font Fusion Plug-In for Qtopia Font Fusion framework is available for Qtopia allowing any third party font rendering engine to work as plug-in with the Qt/Qtopia application platform. The framework also adds the capability to have any font format compatibility with Qt/Qtopia. See also Bitstream Inc. References External links Bitstream Releases Panorama 5.0 and Font Fusion 5.0 2007 Bitstream Press Releases Font Engine and Font Rasterizer Technology Embedded Technology Journal Font Fusion Bitstream Offers Small, Fast Font Rendering Subsystem for Symbian OS Mobile Phones Typography
Parallels Plesk Billing is a commercial web hosting billing and automation software package. ModernGigabyte, LLC originally released it as ModernBill. After Parallels, Inc. acquired ModernGigabyte, LLC in January 2008, the product's name was changed to Parallels Plesk Billing. Overview Parallels Plesk Billing allows a server administrator to acquire, provision and manage recurring bill orders for services requested from end customers, with a particular emphasis on domain registration, web hosting, digital certificates and other web-based services and applications. Parallels Plesk Billing integrates through an API with many third-party systems like control panels, domain registrars, payment gateways, and other service providers. Other features include support for template based plans, upgrade and down options and a la carte resource additions. Parallels Plesk Billing utilizes a MySQL database running on PHP 5.x or later. Parallels Plesk Billing can be installed on any Windows, Linux, or FreeBSD operating system that supports Apache server or Internet Information Services. Version history References Web hosting
Vicious Cycle may refer to: Vicious Cycle (album), a 2003 album by Lynyrd Skynyrd A Vicious Cycle, a 2008 album by Reef the Lost Cauze Vicious Cycle (band), a band from Sudbury, Ontario Vicious Cycle Software, a video game development company Virtuous circle and vicious circle, or vicious cycle, a complex of events that reinforces itself through a feedback loop
SQL Star International Limited was an IT services company headquartered in Hyderabad, India. Its three main divisions are Knowledge Services, Enterprise Services and e-Governance. It was also listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange. (BSE: 532249) The company provides IT Education to corporates and individuals. In March 2008, SQL Star launched its e-learning portal - thelearningport.com. It is also an authorized training partner for Red Hat, SUN and Oracle. The company also markets an embedded Linux platform called Embinux.In February 2014 its authorization got canceled. References External links Official Website Companies formerly listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange Information technology companies of India Companies based in Hyderabad, India Indian companies established in 1987 1987 establishments in Andhra Pradesh Technology companies established in 1987
Windows Search (also known as Instant Search) is a content index desktop search platform by Microsoft introduced in Windows Vista as a replacement for both the previous Indexing Service of Windows 2000 and the optional MSN Desktop Search for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, designed to facilitate local and remote queries for files and non-file items in compatible applications including Windows Explorer. It was developed after the postponement of WinFS and introduced to Windows constituents originally touted as benefits of that platform. Windows Search creates a locally managed Index of files — documents, emails, folders, programs, photos, tracks, and videos — and file contents, as well as of non-file items including those of Microsoft Outlook for which users can perform incremental searches based on details such as authors, contents, dates, file names, file types, people, and sizes; the Index stores actual prose from inside documents and metadata properties from other content. Control Panel and Settings can also be searched. Windows Search was introduced in Windows Vista as a replacement for the previous Indexing Service to facilitate data discovery and management, promote greater rapidity of search results, and to unify desktop search platforms across Microsoft Windows; it was also available as an optional download for Windows XP. There have been several updates to its functionality since its introduction, and it is also included in Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, and Windows 11. History Windows Search is the successor of the Indexing Service, a remnant of the Object File System feature of the Cairo project which never materialized. Microsoft began development of Windows Search after the postponement of WinFS; it introduces features originally touted as benefits of that platform, such as content indexing, incremental searching, and property stacking. Overview Windows Search creates a locally stored index of files and non-file items stored on a computer. The time required for the initial creation of this index depends on the amount and type of data to be indexed, and can take up to several hours, but this is a one-time event. Once a file's contents have been added to this index, Windows Search is able to use the index to search results more rapidly than it would take to search through all the files on the computer. Searches are performed not only on file names, but also on the contents of the file (provided a proper handler for the file type is installed such as a PDF reader) as well as the keywords, comments and all other forms of metadata that Windows Search recognizes. For instance, searching the computer for "The Beatles" returns a list of music files on the computer which have "The Beatles" in their song titles, artists or album names, as well as any e-mails and documents that include the phrase "The Beatles" in their titles or contents. Windows Search features incremental search (also known as "search as you type"). It begins searching as soon as characters are entered in the search box, and keeps on refining and filtering the search results as more characters are typed in. This results in finding the required files even before the full search text is entered. Windows Search supports IFilters, components that enable search programs to scan files for their contents and metadata. Once an appropriate IFilter has been installed for a particular file format, the IFilter is used to extract the text from files which were saved in that format. By default, Windows Search includes IFilters for common filetypes, including Word documents, Excel spreadsheets, PowerPoint presentations, HTML files, text files, MP3 and WMA music files, WMV, ASF and AVI video files and JPEG, BMP and PNG images. Windows Search uses property handlers to handle metadata from file formats. A property handler needs a property description and a schema for the property for Windows Search to index the metadata. Protocol handlers are used for indexing specific data stores. For example, files are accessed using File System Protocol Handler, Microsoft Office Outlook data stores using the Outlook Protocol Handler and Internet Explorer cache using the IE History/Cache Protocol Handler. Architecture Windows Search is implemented as a Windows Service. The search service implements the Windows Search configuration and query APIs and also controls, as well as all indexing and query components. The most important component of Windows Search is the Indexer, which crawls the file system on initial setup, and then listens for file system notifications to pick up changed files in order to create and maintain the index of data. It achieves this using three processes: SearchIndexer.exe, which hosts the indexes and the list of URIs that require indexing, as well as exposes the external configuration and query APIs that other applications use to leverage the Windows Search features. SearchProtocolHost.exe, which hosts the protocol handlers. It runs with the least permission required for the protocol handler. For example, when accessing filesystem, it runs with the credentials of the system account, but on accessing network shares, it runs with the credentials of the user. SearchFilterHost.exe, which hosts the IFilters and property handlers to extract metadata and textual content. It is a low integrity process, which means that it does not have any permission to change the system settings, so even if it encounters files with malicious content, and by any chance if they manage to take over the process, they will not be able to change any system settings. The search service consists of several components, including the Gatherer, the Merger, the Backoff Controller, and the Query Processor, among others. The Gatherer retrieves the list of URIs that need to be crawled and invokes proper protocol handler to access the store that hosts the URI, and then the proper property-handler (to extract metadata) and IFilter to extract the document text. Different indices are created during different runs; it is the job of the Merger to periodically merge the indices. While indexing, the indices are generally maintained in-memory and then flushed to disk after a merge to reduce disk I/O. The metadata is stored in property store, which is a database maintained by the ESE database engine. The text is tokenized and the tokens are stored in a custom database built using Inverted Indices. Apart from the indices and property store, another persistent data structure is maintained: the Gather Queue. The Gather Queue maintains a prioritized queue of URIs that needs indexing. The Backoff Controller mentioned above monitors the available system resources, and controls the rate at which the indexer runs. It has three states: Running: In this state, the indexer runs without any restrictions. The indexer runs in this state only when there is no contention for resources. Throttled: In this state, the crawling of URIs and extraction of text and metadata is deliberately throttled, so that the number of operations per minute is kept under tight control. The indexer is in this state when there is contention for resources, for example, when other applications are running. By throttling the operations, it is ensured that the other operations are not starved of resources they might need. Backed off: In this state, no indexing is done. Only the Gather Queues are kept active so that items do not go unindexed. This state is activated on extreme resource shortage (less than 5 MB of RAM or 200 MB of disk space), or if indexing is configured to be disabled when the computer is on battery power, or if the indexer is manually paused by the user. Advanced Query Syntax Windows Search queries are specified in Advanced Query Syntax (AQS) which supports not only simple text searches but provides advanced property-based query operations as well. AQS defines certain keywords which can be used to refine the search query, such as specifying boolean operations on searched terms (AND, OR, NOT) as well as to specify further filters based on file metadata or file type. It can also be used to limit results from specific information stores like regular files, offline files cache, or email stores. File type specific operators are available as well. Windows Desktop Search also supports wildcard prefix matching searches. It also includes several SQL-like operators like GROUP BY. AQS is locale dependent and uses different keywords in international versions of Windows 7. Programmability Users can access the Windows Search index programmatically using managed as well as native code. Native code connects to the index catalog by using a Data Source Object retrieved from the Indexing Service OLE DB provider. Managed code use the MSIDXS ADO.NET provider. One can query a catalog on a remote machine by specifying a UNC path. Programmers specify the criteria for searches using SQL-like syntax. The SQL query can either be created by hand, or by using an implementation of the ISearchQueryHelper interface. Windows Search provides implementations of the interface to convert an AQS or NQS queries to their SQL counterpart. The OLE DB/SQL API implements the functionality for searching and querying across the indices and property stores. It uses a variant of SQL in which to represent the query (regular SQL with certain restrictions) and returns results as OLE DB Rowsets. Whenever a query executes, the parts of the index it used are temporarily cached so that further searches filtering the result set need not access the disk again, in order to improve performance. Windows Search stores its index in an Extensible Storage Engine file named Windows.edb that exists, by default, in the \ProgramData\Microsoft\Search\Data\Applications\Windows\ folder at the root of the system drive in Windows Vista or in later versions of Windows. (The corresponding location in Windows XP is \All Users\Application Data\Microsoft\Search\Data\Applications\Windows\ inside the Documents and Settings folder.) The index store, called SystemIndex, contains all retrievable Windows IPropertyStore values for indexed items. Within the SystemIndex folder lurk and files. The names and locations of documents in the system are exposed as a table with the column names System. ItemName and System. ItemURL respectively. A SQL query can directly reference these tables and index catalogues and use the MSIDXS provider to run queries against them. The search index can also be used via OLE DB, using the CollatorDSO provider. However, the OLE DB provider is read-only, supporting only SELECT and GROUP ON SQL statements. Windows Search also registers a search-ms application protocol, which can be used to represent searches as URIs. The search parameters and filters are encoded in the URI using AQS or its natural language counterpart, NQS. When invokes the URI, Windows Search (which is the default registered handler for the protocol) launches the Search Explorer with the results of the search. In Windows Vista SP1 or later, third-party handlers can also register themselves as the application protocol handler, so that searches can be performed using any search engine which the user has set as default, and not just Windows Search. The Windows Search service provides the Notifications API component to allow applications to "push" changed items that need indexing to the Windows Search indexer. Applications use the component to supply the URIs of the items that need to be indexed, and the URIs are written to the Gather Queue, where they are read off by the indexer. Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft OneNote use this ability to index the items managed by them and use Windows Search queries to provide the in-application searching features. The internal USN Journal Notifier component of Windows Search also uses the Notifications API, monitoring the Change Journal in an NTFS volume to keep track of files that have changed on the volume. If the file is in a location indexed by Windows Search and does not have the FANCI (File Attribute Not Content Indexed) attribute set, the Windows Search service is notified of its path via the Notification API. Windows Search Configuration APIs are used to specify the configuration settings, such as the root of the URIs that needs to be monitored, setting the frequency of crawling or viewing status information like number of items indexed or length of the gather queue or the reason for throttling the indexer. It also exposes APIs to register protocol handlers (via the ISearchProtocol() interface, property handlers (via the IPropertyStore() interface) or IFilter implementations (via the IFilter() interface). IFilter implementations allow only read-only extraction of text and properties, whereas IPropertyStore allows writing properties as well. Windows Desktop Search Windows Desktop Search, a standalone add-on made available as freeware, is the implementation of Windows Search for Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. Windows Desktop Search and Windows Search share a common architecture and indexing technology and use a compatible application programming interface (API). Searches are specified using the Advanced Query Syntax and are executed while the user types (incremental find). By default, it comes with a number of IFilters for the most common file types—documents, audio, video as well as protocol handlers for Microsoft Outlook e-mails. Other protocol handlers and IFilters can be installed as needed. Windows Desktop Search allows network shares to be added to the index. User interface The Windows Desktop Search functionality is exposed via a Windows Taskbar mounted deskbar, accessible via a ++ keyboard shortcut. It provides a text field to type the query and the results are presented in a flyout pane. It also integrates as a Windows Explorer window. On selecting a file in the Explorer window, a preview of the file is shown in the right hand side of the window, without opening the application which created the file. Web searches can be initiated from both interfaces, but that will open the browser to search the terms using the default search engine. The deskbar also has the capability to create application aliases, which are short strings which can be set to open different applications. This functionality is accessed by prefixing the ! character to the predefined string. For example, "!calc" opens the Windows Calculator. The help documentation includes syntax for creating application aliases out of any text string, regardless of prefix. This feature can also be used to create shortcut for URLs, which when entered, will open the specified URL in browser. It can also be used to send parametrized information over the URL, which are used to create search aliases. For example, "w text" can be configured to search "text" in Wikipedia. Releases Windows Desktop Search was initially released as MSN Desktop Search, as a part of the MSN Toolbar suite. It was re-introduced as Windows Desktop Search with version 2, while still being distributed with MSN Toolbar Suite. For Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, it came in two flavors, one for home users and the other for enterprise use. The only difference between the two was that the latter could be configured via group policy. The home edition was bundled with MSN Toolbar, while the other was available as a standalone application. Later, when MSN Toolbar was discontinued in favor of Windows Live Toolbar, the home edition of Windows Desktop Search was discontinued as well. The last version available for Windows 2000 is Windows Desktop Search 2.66. For Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, version 3.0 of Windows Desktop Search was provided as a standalone release – separate from Windows Live Toolbar. One of the significant new features is Windows Desktop Search 3.0 also installs the Property System on Windows XP introduced in Windows Vista. Windows Desktop Search 3.0 is geared for pre-Windows Vista users, hence the indexer was implemented as a Windows Service, rather than as a per-user application, so that the same index as well as a single instance of the service can be shared across all users – thereby improving performance. Windows Desktop Search found itself in the midst of a controversy on October 25, 2007, when Windows Desktop Search 3.01 was automatically pushed out and installed on Windows when updated via Windows Server Update Services (WSUS). Microsoft responded with two posts on the WSUS Product Team Blog. Windows Vista Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 introduced Instant Search in the Start menu and in Windows Explorer. It offers a superset of the features provided by Windows Desktop Search (WDS), while being API compatible with it. Unlike WDS, it can seamlessly search indexed as well as non-indexed locations – for indexed locations the index is used and for non-indexed locations, the property handlers and IFilters are invoked on the fly as the search is being performed. This allows for more consistent results, though at the cost of searching speed over non-indexed locations. Windows Search uses Group Policy for centralized management. Windows Search also supports queries against a remote index. Windows Search indexes offline caches of network shares, in addition to the local file systems. This means if the file server, on which a network file share is hosted, is running either Windows Vista or a later version of Windows or Windows Search 4.0 on Windows XP, any searches against the share will be queried against the server's index and present the results to the client system, filtering out the files the user does not have access to. This procedure is transparent to the user. Microsoft Outlook e-mail stores starting with Outlook 2007, though Outlook 2002 and Outlook 2003 and Microsoft OneNote stores are also indexed if installed alongside Windows Search. Unlike Windows Desktop Search on Windows XP, the Windows Search indexer performs the I/O operations with low priority, the process also runs with low CPU priority. As a result, whenever other processes require the I/O bandwidth or processor time, it is able to pre-empt the indexer, thereby significantly reducing the performance hit associated with the indexer running in the background. Windows Search supports natural language searches; so the user can search for things like "photo taken last week" or "email sent from Dave". However, this is disabled by default. Natural language search expresses the queries in Natural Query Syntax (NQS), which is the natural language equivalent of AQS. User interface The search functionality is exposed using the search bars in the Start menu and the upper right hand corner of Windows Explorer windows, as well as Open/Save dialog boxes. When searching from the Start menu, the results are shown in the Start menu itself, overlapping the recently used programs. From the Start menu, it is also possible to launch an application by searching for its executable image name or display name. Searching from the search bars in Explorer windows replaces the content of the current folder with the search results. The Explorer windows can also render thumbnails in the search results if a Thumbnail Handler is registered for a particular file type. It can also render enhanced previews of items in a Preview Pane without launching the default application, if the application has registered a Preview Handler. This can provide functionality such as file type-specific navigation (such a browsing a presentation using next/previous controls, or seeking inside a media file). Preview handlers can also allow certain kind of selections (such as highlighting a text snippet) to be performed from the preview pane itself. In the Control Panel, the search bar in the window can also search for Control Panel options. However, unlike WDS, Windows Search does not support creating aliases. There is also a Search Explorer, which is an integrated Windows Explorer window that is used for searches. It presents the user interface to specify the search parameters, including locations and file types that should be searched, and certain operators, without crafting the AQS queries by hand. With Windows Vista SP1, third-party applications will be able to override the Search Explorer as the default search interface so that the registered third-party application will be launched, instead of bringing up the Search Explorer, when invoked by any means. It is also possible to save a search query as a Virtual Folder, called a Saved Search or Search Folder which, when accessed, runs the search with the saved query and returns the results as a folder listing. Physically, a search folder is just an XML file (with a .search-ms extension) which stores the search query (in either AQS or NQS), including the search operators as well. Windows Vista also supports query composition, where a saved search (called a scope) can be nested within the query string of another search. Search Folders are also distributable via RSS. By default, Windows references the profile of the user who originally created a Search Folder as part of the query's scope. This design choice does not prevent saved searches from being shared with other users, but it prevents them from operating on different user profiles. While users can manually modify the contents of a saved search so that the scope references the %USERPROFILE% environment variable, which will enable it to operate on other machines or profiles regardless of the original author, Microsoft has released a SearchMelt Creator utility that automates this process for the user. Windows Search 4.0 Windows Search 4.0 (also previously referred to as Windows Live Search, codenamed Casino or OneView) is the successor to the Windows Search platform for both Windows Desktop Search 3.0 on Windows XP as well as Instant Search on Windows Vista. It is mainly an update to the indexing components, with few changes to the Windows XP user interface and none on Windows Vista. It added remote query support to Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 based systems, which used to be a Vista-only feature. This allows a user with a Vista client (or an XP client with Windows Search 4.0) to search the index of networked machines which are also running a supported operating system. Windows Search 4.0 was originally proposed by Microsoft's Windows Live division as an application that would unify local and remote indexed search in a new interface. Early screenshots of the program featured the new "flair" interface design seen in other Windows Live client applications of the time such as Windows Live Messenger and Windows Live Mail. Windows Live Search Center could search web services which used the OpenSearch specification to make search results available as web feeds. It could aggregate searches from various indexes including the Windows Desktop Search index, Windows RSS Platform common feed store, and Microsoft Exchange and Microsoft SharePoint indexes, among others. The first beta of Windows Search 4.0 was released on March 27, 2008. It included numerous performance improvements to the indexer and brought new features, including previously Vista-exclusive ones, to XP, including Group Policy integration, federation of searches to remote indexes, support for EFS-encrypted files and Vista-style preview handlers that allow document-type specific browsing of documents in the preview pane. Windows Search 4.0 was released on June 3, 2008, and is supported on XP, Windows Server 2003, Vista, Windows Server 2008 and Windows Home Server. Windows 10 In Windows 10, Windows Search was added to the taskbar in place of the Start menu in earlier versions of Windows. A new landing page was added showing users their top apps and recent activities on their computer. The landing page also provides quick searches provided from Bing for the weather, top news stories, today in history and new movies. The landing page also serves as a space that Microsoft can advertise in, such as with the new Chromium-based version of Microsoft Edge. A preview pane from within the Search UI was added that supports apps and documents. When searching for a program, the taskbar jumplists for each program are shown in the preview pane and when searching for documents, file metadata such as file location, date last modified and the document author was also added. The landing page allows the user to filter searches depending on whether the user looking for documents, pictures or settings. Spell-correction was also added to Windows Search when searching for Apps & Settings to ensure a wider range of results were shown. The search box in File Explorer now opens as soon as you click in the box and provides a dropdown of recent searches. Microsoft OneDrive content is also now integrated in addition to the indexed results. When clicking on the search result, the file will open immediately. Each search result also has a right click menu allowing the user to open the file's location. Privacy Concerns The Windows Search index is built locally on the PC and no information is sent to Microsoft. See also Enterprise search List of desktop search engines Microsoft Outlook Microsoft Search Server References Further reading External links iFilter.org Microsoft software Desktop search engines Windows components Search Center Windows Vista
SSE4 (Streaming SIMD Extensions 4) is a SIMD CPU instruction set used in the Intel Core microarchitecture and AMD K10 (K8L). It was announced on September 27, 2006, at the Fall 2006 Intel Developer Forum, with vague details in a white paper; more precise details of 47 instructions became available at the Spring 2007 Intel Developer Forum in Beijing, in the presentation. SSE4 is fully compatible with software written for previous generations of Intel 64 and IA-32 architecture microprocessors. All existing software continues to run correctly without modification on microprocessors that incorporate SSE4, as well as in the presence of existing and new applications that incorporate SSE4. SSE4 subsets Intel SSE4 consists of 54 instructions. A subset consisting of 47 instructions, referred to as SSE4.1 in some Intel documentation, is available in Penryn. Additionally, SSE4.2, a second subset consisting of the 7 remaining instructions, is first available in Nehalem-based Core i7. Intel credits feedback from developers as playing an important role in the development of the instruction set. Starting with Barcelona-based processors, AMD introduced the SSE4a instruction set, which has 4 SSE4 instructions and 4 new SSE instructions. These instructions are not found in Intel's processors supporting SSE4.1 and AMD processors only started supporting Intel's SSE4.1 and SSE4.2 (the full SSE4 instruction set) in the Bulldozer-based FX processors. With SSE4a the misaligned SSE feature was also introduced which meant unaligned load instructions were as fast as aligned versions on aligned addresses. It also allowed disabling the alignment check on non-load SSE operations accessing memory. Intel later introduced similar speed improvements to unaligned SSE in their Nehalem processors, but did not introduce misaligned access by non-load SSE instructions until AVX. Name confusion What is now known as SSSE3 (Supplemental Streaming SIMD Extensions 3), introduced in the Intel Core 2 processor line, was referred to as SSE4 by some media until Intel came up with the SSSE3 moniker. Internally dubbed Merom New Instructions, Intel originally did not plan to assign a special name to them, which was criticized by some journalists. Intel eventually cleared up the confusion and reserved the SSE4 name for their next instruction set extension. Intel is using the marketing term HD Boost to refer to SSE4. New instructions Unlike all previous iterations of SSE, SSE4 contains instructions that execute operations which are not specific to multimedia applications. It features a number of instructions whose action is determined by a constant field and a set of instructions that take XMM0 as an implicit third operand. Several of these instructions are enabled by the single-cycle shuffle engine in Penryn. (Shuffle operations reorder bytes within a register.) SSE4.1 These instructions were introduced with Penryn microarchitecture, the 45 nm shrink of Intel's Core microarchitecture. Support is indicated via the CPUID.01H:ECX.SSE41[Bit 19] flag. SSE4.2 SSE4.2 added STTNI (String and Text New Instructions), several new instructions that perform character searches and comparison on two operands of 16 bytes at a time. These were designed (among other things) to speed up the parsing of XML documents. It also added a CRC32 instruction to compute cyclic redundancy checks as used in certain data transfer protocols. These instructions were first implemented in the Nehalem-based Intel Core i7 product line and complete the SSE4 instruction set. Support is indicated via the CPUID.01H:ECX.SSE42[Bit 20] flag. POPCNT and LZCNT These instructions operate on integer rather than SSE registers, because they are not SIMD instructions, but appear at the same time and although introduced by AMD with the SSE4a instruction set, they are counted as separate extensions with their own dedicated CPUID bits to indicate support. Intel implements POPCNT beginning with the Nehalem microarchitecture and LZCNT beginning with the Haswell microarchitecture. AMD implements both beginning with the Barcelona microarchitecture. AMD calls this pair of instructions Advanced Bit Manipulation (ABM). The encoding of LZCNT takes the same encoding path as the encoding of the BSR (bit scan reverse) instruction. This results in an issue where LZCNT called on some CPUs not supporting it, such as Intel CPUs prior to Haswell, may incorrectly execute the BSR operation instead of raising an invalid instruction exception. This is an issue as the result values of LZCNT and BSR are different. Trailing zeros can be counted using the BSF (bit scan forward) or TZCNT instructions. SSE4a The SSE4a instruction group was introduced in AMD's Barcelona microarchitecture. These instructions are not available in Intel processors. Support is indicated via the CPUID.80000001H:ECX.SSE4A[Bit 6] flag. Supporting CPUs Intel Silvermont processors (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 and POPCNT supported) Goldmont processors (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 and POPCNT supported) Goldmont Plus processors (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 and POPCNT supported) Tremont processors (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 and POPCNT supported) Penryn processors (SSE4.1 supported, except Pentium Dual-Core and Celeron) Nehalem processors and Westmere processors (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 and POPCNT supported, except Pentium and Celeron) Sandy Bridge processors and newer (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 and POPCNT supported, include Pentium and Celeron) Haswell processors and newer (SSE4.1, SSE4.2, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) AMD K10-based processors (SSE4a, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) "Cat" low-power processors Bobcat-based processors (SSE4a, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) Jaguar-based processors and newer (SSE4a, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) Puma-based processors and newer (SSE4a, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) "Heavy Equipment" processors (SSE4a, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) Bulldozer-based processors Piledriver-based processors Steamroller-based processors Excavator-based processors and newer Zen-based processors (SSE4a, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) Zen+-based processors (SSE4a, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) Zen2-based processors (SSE4a, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) Zen3-based processors (SSE4a, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, POPCNT and LZCNT supported) VIA Nano 3000, X2, QuadCore processors (SSE4.1 supported) Nano QuadCore C4000-series processors (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 supported) Eden X4 processors (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 supported) Zhaoxin ZX-C processors and newer (SSE4.1, SSE4.2 supported) References External links SSE4 Programming Reference by Intel PCMPSTR calculator for the SSE 4.2 string instructions archived at Ghostarchive.org at May 10, 2022 X86 instructions SIMD computing
Agga and other capitalizations may refer to: Arts and media Agga, a character in Timewyrm: Genesys, a Doctor Who novel Aunt Agga, an agony aunt persona used by Lillian Too, a feng shui expert Agga Olsen, European actress whose best known work is Smilla's Sense of Snow, a 1997 film Spaceship Agga Ruter, a 1998 hentai film series directed by Masaki Kajishima Science and technology Biology aggA, a gene locus found in plant-associated bacteria that agglutinate; see agglutination (biology) Agalinis gattingeri, the roundstem false foxglove plant (USDA code: AGGA) AGGA, a common DNA sequence Other uses in science and technology Silver gallium (AgGa), an ion that forms many compounds, some of which are used in lasers Aggregate access, an Internet protocol formally known as Aggregate Server Access Protocol Burmese society Agga means 'chief' or 'foremost' in Burmese, and may refer to: Agga Maha Thiri Thudhamma (Grand Commander) of the Thiri Thudhamma Thingaha (Order of Truth) Agga Maha Thray Sithu (Grand Commander) of the Pyidaungsu Sithu Thingaha (Order of the Union of Burma) Agga Maha Thray Sithu Agga Maha Thiri Thudhamma, also known as Sao Shwe Thaik, first president of the Union of Burma Other uses Agga, variant spelling of Aga of Kish, a king of Kish Auki Gwaunaru'u Airport (ICAO: AGGA), in the Solomon Islands See also Aga (disambiguation) Agadoo doo doo, a nonsense lyric from 1984 novelty song Agadoo Agar, a gelatinous substance used in confectionery and microbiology AGG (disambiguation) AGGAGG, the Shine-Dalgarno sequence of DNA base pairs. AGGAGGA is the Escherichia coli Shine-Dalgarno sequence Aggar (disambiguation) Agge (disambiguation) Agger (disambiguation) Agha (disambiguation)
Btrfs (pronounced as "better F S", "butter F S", "b-tree F S", or B.T.R.F.S.) is a computer storage format that combines a file system based on the copy-on-write (COW) principle with a logical volume manager (not to be confused with Linux's LVM), developed together. It was founded by Chris Mason in 2007 for use in Linux, and since November 2013, the file system's on-disk format has been declared stable in the Linux kernel. Btrfs is intended to address the lack of pooling, snapshots, checksums, and integral multi-device spanning in Linux file systems. Chris Mason, the principal Btrfs author, stated that its goal was "to let [Linux] scale for the storage that will be available. Scaling is not just about addressing the storage but also means being able to administer and to manage it with a clean interface that lets people see what's being used and makes it more reliable". History The core data structure of Btrfsthe copy-on-write B-treewas originally proposed by IBM researcher Ohad Rodeh at a presentation at USENIX 2007. Chris Mason, an engineer working on ReiserFS for SUSE at the time, joined Oracle later that year and began work on a new file system based on these B-trees. In 2008, the principal developer of the ext3 and ext4 file systems, Theodore Ts'o, stated that although ext4 has improved features, it is not a major advance; it uses old technology and is a stop-gap. Ts'o said that Btrfs is the better direction because "it offers improvements in scalability, reliability, and ease of management". Btrfs also has "a number of the same design ideas that reiser3/4 had". Btrfs 1.0, with finalized on-disk format, was originally slated for a late-2008 release, and was finally accepted into the Linux kernel mainline in 2009. Several Linux distributions began offering Btrfs as an experimental choice of root file system during installation. In July 2011, Btrfs automatic defragmentation and scrubbing features were merged into version 3.0 of the Linux kernel mainline. Besides Mason at Oracle, Miao Xie at Fujitsu contributed performance improvements. In June 2012, Chris Mason left Oracle for Fusion-io, which he left a year later with Josef Bacik to join Facebook. While at both companies, Mason continued his work on Btrfs. In 2012, two Linux distributions moved Btrfs from experimental to production or supported status: Oracle Linux in March, followed by SUSE Linux Enterprise in August. In 2015, Btrfs was adopted as the default filesystem for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLE) 12. In August 2017, Red Hat announced in the release notes for Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.4 that it no longer planned to move Btrfs to a fully supported feature (it's been included as a "technology preview" since RHEL 6 beta) noting that it would remain available in the RHEL 7 release series. Btrfs was removed from RHEL 8 in May 2019. RHEL moved from ext4 in RHEL 6 to XFS in RHEL 7. In 2020, Btrfs was selected as the default file system for Fedora 33 for desktop variants. Features List of features Implemented As of version 5.0 of the Linux kernel, Btrfs implements the following features: Mostly self-healing in some configurations due to the nature of copy-on-write Online defragmentation and an autodefrag mount option Online volume growth and shrinking Online block device addition and removal Online balancing (movement of objects between block devices to balance load) Offline filesystem check Online data scrubbing for finding errors and automatically fixing them for files with redundant copies RAID 0, RAID 1, and RAID 10 Subvolumes (one or more separately mountable filesystem roots within each disk partition) Transparent compression via zlib, LZO and (since 4.14) ZSTD, configurable per file or volume Atomic writable (via copy-on-write) or read-only snapshots of subvolumes File cloning (reflink, copy-on-write) via cp --reflink <source file> <destination file> Checksums on data and metadata (CRC-32C). New hash functions are implemented since 5.5: xxHash, SHA256, BLAKE2B. In-place conversion from ext3/4 to Btrfs (with rollback). This feature regressed around btrfs-progs version 4.0, rewritten from scratch in 4.6. Union mounting of read-only storage, known as file system seeding (read-only storage used as a copy-on-write backing for a writable Btrfs) Block discard (reclaims space on some virtualized setups and improves wear leveling on SSDs with TRIM) Send/receive (saving diffs between snapshots to a binary stream) Incremental backup Out-of-band data deduplication (requires userspace tools) Ability to handle swap files and swap partitions Implemented but not recommended for production use Hierarchical per-subvolume quotas RAID 5, RAID 6 (fail to guard against write holes) Cloning Btrfs provides a clone operation that atomically creates a copy-on-write snapshot of a file. Such cloned files are sometimes referred to as reflinks, in light of the proposed associated Linux kernel system call. By cloning, the file system does not create a new link pointing to an existing inode; instead, it creates a new inode that initially shares the same disk blocks with the original file. As a result, cloning works only within the boundaries of the same Btrfs file system, but since version 3.6 of the Linux kernel it may cross the boundaries of subvolumes under certain circumstances. The actual data blocks are not duplicated; at the same time, due to the copy-on-write (CoW) nature of Btrfs, modifications to any of the cloned files are not visible in the original file and vice versa. Cloning should not be confused with hard links, which are directory entries that associate multiple file names with a single file. While hard links can be taken as different names for the same file, cloning in Btrfs provides independent files that initially share all their disk blocks. Support for this Btrfs feature was added in version 7.5 of the GNU coreutils, via the --reflink option to the cp command. In addition to data cloning (), Btrfs also supports out-of-band deduplication via . This functionality allows two files with (even partially) identical data to share storage. Subvolumes and snapshots A Btrfs subvolume can be thought of as a separate POSIX file namespace, mountable separately by passing subvol or subvolid options to the utility. It can also be accessed by mounting the top-level subvolume, in which case subvolumes are visible and accessible as its subdirectories. Subvolumes can be created at any place within the file system hierarchy, and they can also be nested. Nested subvolumes appear as subdirectories within their parent subvolumes, similarly to the way a top-level subvolume presents its subvolumes as subdirectories. Deleting a subvolume is not possible until all subvolumes below it in the nesting hierarchy are deleted; as a result, top-level subvolumes cannot be deleted. Any Btrfs file system always has a default subvolume, which is initially set to be the top-level subvolume, and is mounted by default if no subvolume selection option is passed to mount. The default subvolume can be changed as required. A Btrfs snapshot is a subvolume that shares its data (and metadata) with some other subvolume, using Btrfs' copy-on-write capabilities, and modifications to a snapshot are not visible in the original subvolume. Once a writable snapshot is made, it can be treated as an alternate version of the original file system. For example, to roll back to a snapshot, a modified original subvolume needs to be unmounted and the snapshot needs to be mounted in its place. At that point, the original subvolume may also be deleted. The copy-on-write (CoW) nature of Btrfs means that snapshots are quickly created, while initially consuming very little disk space. Since a snapshot is a subvolume, creating nested snapshots is also possible. Taking snapshots of a subvolume is not a recursive process; thus, if a snapshot of a subvolume is created, every subvolume or snapshot that the subvolume already contains is mapped to an empty directory of the same name inside the snapshot. Taking snapshots of a directory is not possible, as only subvolumes can have snapshots. However, there is a workaround that involves reflinks spread across subvolumes: a new subvolume is created, containing cross-subvolume reflinks to the content of the targeted directory. Having that available, a snapshot of this new volume can be created. A subvolume in Btrfs is quite different from a traditional Logical Volume Manager (LVM) logical volume. With LVM, a logical volume is a separate block device, while a Btrfs subvolume is not and it cannot be treated or used that way. Making dd or LVM snapshots of btrfs leads to data loss if either the original or the copy is mounted while both are on the same computer. Send–receive Given any pair of subvolumes (or snapshots), Btrfs can generate a binary diff between them (by using the btrfs send command) that can be replayed later (by using btrfs receive), possibly on a different Btrfs file system. The send–receive feature effectively creates (and applies) a set of data modifications required for converting one subvolume into another. The send/receive feature can be used with regularly scheduled snapshots for implementing a simple form of file system replication, or for the purpose of performing incremental backups. Quota groups A quota group (or qgroup) imposes an upper limit to the space a subvolume or snapshot may consume. A new snapshot initially consumes no quota because its data is shared with its parent, but thereafter incurs a charge for new files and copy-on-write operations on existing files. When quotas are active, a quota group is automatically created with each new subvolume or snapshot. These initial quota groups are building blocks which can be grouped (with the btrfs qgroup command) into hierarchies to implement quota pools. Quota groups only apply to subvolumes and snapshots, while having quotas enforced on individual subdirectories, users, or user groups is not possible. However, workarounds are possible by using different subvolumes for all users or user groups that require a quota to be enforced. In-place conversion from ext2/3/4 and ReiserFS As the result of having very little metadata anchored in fixed locations, Btrfs can warp to fit unusual spatial layouts of the backend storage devices. The btrfs-convert tool exploits this ability to do an in-place conversion of an ext2/3/4 or ReiserFS file system, by nesting the equivalent Btrfs metadata in its unallocated space—while preserving an unmodified copy of the original file system. The conversion involves creating a copy of the whole ext2/3/4 metadata, while the Btrfs files simply point to the same blocks used by the ext2/3/4 files. This makes the bulk of the blocks shared between the two filesystems before the conversion becomes permanent. Thanks to the copy-on-write nature of Btrfs, the original versions of the file data blocks are preserved during all file modifications. Until the conversion becomes permanent, only the blocks that were marked as free in ext2/3/4 are used to hold new Btrfs modifications, meaning that the conversion can be undone at any time (although doing so will erase any changes made after the conversion to Btrfs). All converted files are available and writable in the default subvolume of the Btrfs. A sparse file holding all of the references to the original ext2/3/4 filesystem is created in a separate subvolume, which is mountable on its own as a read-only disk image, allowing both original and converted file systems to be accessed at the same time. Deleting this sparse file frees up the space and makes the conversion permanent. In 4.x versions of the mainline Linux kernel, the in-place ext3/4 conversion was considered untested and rarely used. However, the feature was rewritten from scratch in 2016 for btrfs-progs 4.6. and has been considered stable since then. In-place conversion from ReiserFS was introduced in September 2017 with kernel 4.13. Union mounting / seed devices When creating a new Btrfs, an existing Btrfs can be used as a read-only "seed" file system. The new file system will then act as a copy-on-write overlay on the seed, as a form of union mounting. The seed can be later detached from the Btrfs, at which point the rebalancer will simply copy over any seed data still referenced by the new file system before detaching. Mason has suggested this may be useful for a Live CD installer, which might boot from a read-only Btrfs seed on an optical disc, rebalance itself to the target partition on the install disk in the background while the user continues to work, then eject the disc to complete the installation without rebooting. Encryption In his 2009 interview, Chris Mason stated that support for encryption was planned for Btrfs. In the meantime, a workaround for combining encryption with Btrfs is to use a full-disk encryption mechanism such as dm-crypt / LUKS on the underlying devices and to create the Btrfs filesystem on top of that layer. the developers were working to add keyed hash like HMAC (SHA256). Checking and recovery Unix systems traditionally rely on "fsck" programs to check and repair filesystems. This functionality is implemented via the btrfs check program. Since version 4.0 this functionality is deemed relatively stable. However, as of December 2022, the btrfs documentation suggests that its --repair option be used only if you have been advised by "a developer or an experienced user". As of August 2022, the SLE documentation recommends using a Live CD, performing a backup and only using the repair option as a last resort. There is another tool, named btrfs-restore, that can be used to recover files from an unmountable filesystem, without modifying the broken filesystem itself (i.e., non-destructively). In normal use, Btrfs is mostly self-healing and can recover from broken root trees at mount time, thanks to making periodic data flushes to permanent storage, by default every 30 seconds. Thus, isolated errors will cause a maximum of 30 seconds of filesystem changes to be lost at the next mount. This period can be changed by specifying a desired value (in seconds) with the commit mount option. Design Ohad Rodeh's original proposal at USENIX 2007 noted that B+ trees, which are widely used as on-disk data structures for databases, could not efficiently allow copy-on-write-based snapshots because its leaf nodes were linked together: if a leaf was copied on write, its siblings and parents would have to be as well, as would their siblings and parents and so on until the entire tree was copied. He suggested instead a modified B-tree (which has no leaf linkage), with a refcount associated to each tree node but stored in an ad hoc free map structure and certain relaxations to the tree's balancing algorithms to make them copy-on-write friendly. The result would be a data structure suitable for a high-performance object store that could perform copy-on-write snapshots, while maintaining good concurrency. At Oracle later that year, Chris Mason began work on a snapshot-capable file system that would use this data structure almost exclusively—not just for metadata and file data, but also recursively to track space allocation of the trees themselves. This allowed all traversal and modifications to be funneled through a single code path, against which features such as copy on write, checksumming and mirroring needed to be implemented only once to benefit the entire file system. Btrfs is structured as several layers of such trees, all using the same B-tree implementation. The trees store generic items sorted by a 136-bit key. The most significant 64 bits of the key are a unique object id. The middle eight bits are an item type field: its use is hardwired into code as an item filter in tree lookups. Objects can have multiple items of multiple types. The remaining (least significant) 64 bits are used in type-specific ways. Therefore, items for the same object end up adjacent to each other in the tree, grouped by type. By choosing certain key values, objects can further put items of the same type in a particular order. Interior tree nodes are simply flat lists of key-pointer pairs, where the pointer is the logical block number of a child node. Leaf nodes contain item keys packed into the front of the node and item data packed into the end, with the two growing toward each other as the leaf fills up. File system tree Within each directory, directory entries appear as directory items, whose least significant bits of key values are a CRC32C hash of their filename. Their data is a location key, or the key of the inode item it points to. Directory items together can thus act as an index for path-to-inode lookups, but are not used for iteration because they are sorted by their hash, effectively randomly permuting them. This means user applications iterating over and opening files in a large directory would thus generate many more disk seeks between non-adjacent files—a notable performance drain in other file systems with hash-ordered directories such as ReiserFS, ext3 (with Htree-indexes enabled) and ext4, all of which have TEA-hashed filenames. To avoid this, each directory entry has a directory index item, whose key value of the item is set to a per-directory counter that increments with each new directory entry. Iteration over these index items thus returns entries in roughly the same order as stored on disk. Files with hard links in multiple directories have multiple reference items, one for each parent directory. Files with multiple hard links in the same directory pack all of the links' filenames into the same reference item. This was a design flaw that limited the number of same-directory hard links to however many could fit in a single tree block. (On the default block size of 4 KiB, an average filename length of 8 bytes and a per-filename header of 4 bytes, this would be less than 350.) Applications which made heavy use of multiple same-directory hard links, such as git, GNUS, GMame and BackupPC were observed to fail at this limit. The limit was eventually removed (and as of October 2012 has been merged pending release in Linux 3.7) by introducing spillover extended reference items to hold hard link filenames which do not otherwise fit. Extents File data is kept outside the tree in extents, which are contiguous runs of disk data blocks. Extent blocks default to 4 KiB in size, do not have headers and contain only (possibly compressed) file data. In compressed extents, individual blocks are not compressed separately; rather, the compression stream spans the entire extent. Files have extent data items to track the extents which hold their contents. The item's key value is the starting byte offset of the extent. This makes for efficient seeks in large files with many extents, because the correct extent for any given file offset can be computed with just one tree lookup. Snapshots and cloned files share extents. When a small part of a large such extent is overwritten, the resulting copy-on-write may create three new extents: a small one containing the overwritten data, and two large ones with unmodified data on either side of the overwrite. To avoid having to re-write unmodified data, the copy-on-write may instead create bookend extents, or extents which are simply slices of existing extents. Extent data items allow for this by including an offset into the extent they are tracking: items for bookends are those with non-zero offsets. Extent allocation tree The extent allocation tree acts as an allocation map for the file system. Unlike other trees, items in this tree do not have object ids. They represent regions of space: their key values hold the starting offsets and lengths of the regions they represent. The file system divides its allocated space into block groups which are variable-sized allocation regions that alternate between preferring metadata extents (tree nodes) and data extents (file contents). The default ratio of data to metadata block groups is 1:2. They are intended to use concepts of the Orlov block allocator to allocate related files together and resist fragmentation by leaving free space between groups. (Ext3 block groups, however, have fixed locations computed from the size of the file system, whereas those in Btrfs are dynamic and created as needed.) Each block group is associated with a block group item. Inode items in the file system tree include a reference to their current block group. Extent items contain a back-reference to the tree node or file occupying that extent. There may be multiple back-references if the extent is shared between snapshots. If there are too many back-references to fit in the item, they spill out into individual extent data reference items. Tree nodes, in turn, have back-references to their containing trees. This makes it possible to find which extents or tree nodes are in any region of space by doing a B-tree range lookup on a pair of offsets bracketing that region, then following the back-references. For relocating data, this allows an efficient upwards traversal from the relocated blocks to quickly find and fix all downwards references to those blocks, without having to scan the entire file system. This, in turn, allows the file system to efficiently shrink, migrate, and defragment its storage online. The extent allocation tree, as with all other trees in the file system, is copy-on-write. Writes to the file system may thus cause a cascade whereby changed tree nodes and file data result in new extents being allocated, causing the extent tree itself to change. To avoid creating a feedback loop, extent tree nodes which are still in memory but not yet committed to disk may be updated in place to reflect new copied-on-write extents. In theory, the extent allocation tree makes a conventional free-space bitmap unnecessary because the extent allocation tree acts as a B-tree version of a BSP tree. In practice, however, an in-memory red–black tree of page-sized bitmaps is used to speed up allocations. These bitmaps are persisted to disk (starting in Linux 2.6.37, via the space_cache mount option) as special extents that are exempt from checksumming and copy-on-write. Checksum tree and scrubbing CRC-32C checksums are computed for both data and metadata and stored as checksum items in a checksum tree. There is room for 256 bits of metadata checksums and up to a full node (roughly 4 KB or more) for data checksums. Btrfs has provisions for additional checksum algorithms to be added in future versions of the file system. There is one checksum item per contiguous run of allocated blocks, with per-block checksums packed end-to-end into the item data. If there are more checksums than can fit, they spill into another checksum item in a new leaf. If the file system detects a checksum mismatch while reading a block, it first tries to obtain (or create) a good copy of this block from another device if internal mirroring or RAID techniques are in use. Btrfs can initiate an online check of the entire file system by triggering a file system scrub job that is performed in the background. The scrub job scans the entire file system for integrity and automatically attempts to report and repair any bad blocks it finds along the way. Log tree An fsync request commits modified data immediately to stable storage. fsync-heavy workloads (like a database or a virtual machine whose running OS fsyncs frequently) could potentially generate a great deal of redundant write I/O by forcing the file system to repeatedly copy-on-write and flush frequently modified parts of trees to storage. To avoid this, a temporary per-subvolume log tree is created to journal fsync-triggered copies on write. Log trees are self-contained, tracking their own extents and keeping their own checksum items. Their items are replayed and deleted at the next full tree commit or (if there was a system crash) at the next remount. Chunk and device trees Block devices are divided into physical chunks of 1 GiB for data and 256 MiB for metadata. Physical chunks across multiple devices can be mirrored or striped together into a single logical chunk. These logical chunks are combined into a single logical address space that the rest of the filesystem uses. The chunk tree tracks this by storing each device therein as a device item and logical chunks as chunk map items, which provide a forward mapping from logical to physical addresses by storing their offsets in the least significant 64 bits of their key. Chunk map items can be one of several different types: single 1 logical to 1 physical chunk dup 1 logical chunk to 2 physical chunks on 1 block device raid0 N logical chunks to N≥2 physical chunks across N≥2 block devices raid1 1 logical chunk to 2 physical chunks across 2 out of N≥2 block devices, in contrast to conventional RAID 1 which has N physical chunks raid1c3 1 logical chunk to 3 physical chunks out of N≥3 block devices raid1c4 1 logical chunk to 4 physical chunks out of N≥4 block devices raid5 N (for N≥2) logical chunks to N+1 physical chunks across N+1 block devices, with 1 physical chunk used as parity raid6 N (for N≥2) logical chunks to N+2 physical chunks across N+2 block devices, with 2 physical chunks used as parity N is the number of block devices still having free space when the chunk is allocated. If N is not large enough for the chosen mirroring/mapping, then the filesystem is effectively out of space. Relocation trees Defragmentation, shrinking, and rebalancing operations require extents to be relocated. However, doing a simple copy-on-write of the relocating extent will break sharing between snapshots and consume disk space. To preserve sharing, an update-and-swap algorithm is used, with a special relocation tree serving as scratch space for affected metadata. The extent to be relocated is first copied to its destination. Then, by following backreferences upward through the affected subvolume's file system tree, metadata pointing to the old extent is progressively updated to point at the new one; any newly updated items are stored in the relocation tree. Once the update is complete, items in the relocation tree are swapped with their counterparts in the affected subvolume, and the relocation tree is discarded. Superblock All the file system's trees—including the chunk tree itself—are stored in chunks, creating a potential bootstrapping problem when mounting the file system. To bootstrap into a mount, a list of physical addresses of chunks belonging to the chunk and root trees are stored in the superblock. Superblock mirrors are kept at fixed locations: 64 KiB into every block device, with additional copies at 64 MiB, 256 GiB and 1 PiB. When a superblock mirror is updated, its generation number is incremented. At mount time, the copy with the highest generation number is used. All superblock mirrors are updated in tandem, except in SSD mode which alternates updates among mirrors to provide some wear levelling. Commercial support Supported Oracle Linux from version 7 SUSE Linux Enterprise Server from version 12 Synology DiskStation Manager (DSM) from version 6.0 No longer supported Btrfs was included as a "technology preview" in Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 and 7; it was removed in RHEL 8 in 2018. Btrfs was layered over mdadm-raid arrays in Netgear ReadyNAS arm-based 1xx and intel-based 3xx around 2013 (probably to exploit btrfs checksums and snapshots while avoiding still unstable btrfs-raid functionalities). Updates to Debian Jessie based OS6 were still offered around 2022 (perhaps considered still supported ?). See also APFS – a copy-on-write file system for macOS, iPadOS, iOS, tvOS and watchOS Bcachefs Comparison of file systems HAMMER – DragonFly BSD's file system that uses B-trees, paired with checksums as a countermeasure for data corruption List of file systems ReFS – a copy-on-write file system for Windows Server 2012 ZFS Notes References External links a conference presentation by Avi Miller, an Oracle engineer Btrfs: Working with multiple devices LWN.net, December 2013, by Jonathan Corbet Marc's Linux Btrfs posts detailed insights into various Btrfs features Btrfs overview, LinuxCon 2014, by Marc Merlin , Linux Magazine, 14 July 2009, by Jeffrey B. Layton WinBtrfs Btrfs Driver For Windows Compression file systems File systems supported by the Linux kernel Linux file system-related software
John Gruber (born 1973) is a technology blogger, UI designer, and is the inventor of the Markdown markup language. History Gruber is from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He received his Bachelor of Science in computer science from Drexel University, then worked for Bare Bones Software (2000–02) and Joyent (2005–06). In 2004, Aaron Swartz and Gruber worked together to create the Markdown language , with the goal of enabling people "to write using an easy-to-read and easy-to-write plain text format, optionally convert it to structurally valid XHTML (or HTML)". Daring Fireball Since 2002, Gruber has written and produced Daring Fireball, a technology-focused blog. He has described his Daring Fireball writing as a "Mac column in the form of a weblog." It was partly inspired by kottke.org by Jason Kottke. The site is written in the form of a tumblelog called The Linked List, a linklog with brief commentary, in between occasional longform articles that discuss Apple products and issues in related consumer technology. Gruber often writes about user interfaces, software development, Mac applications, and Apple's media coverage. The blog's name comes from Gruber's childhood aspiration for a career as a human cannonball stuntman act named the Daring Fireball. His costume was to be "a complete rip-off of Evel Knievel combined with the Dallas Cowboys", and the blog's logo (Unicode character U+272A ✪ "Circled White Star") references the helmet he designed for the act. In 2004, Gruber began selling memberships, where readers donate an amount of money annually and gain access to other perks. The perks included more detailed feeds, but Gruber has downplayed the importance of the extra features, comparing them to "PBS tote bags." Daring Fireball logo T-shirts are also sold, which include a membership. For most of the time when Daring Fireball was a part-time project, Gruber worked as an independent web designer; between late 2005 and April 2006, Gruber's worked at Joyent where he helped with the TextDrive acquisition. In April 2006, Daring Fireball became Gruber's full-time job, funded by advertisement revenue, membership fees, T-shirt sales, and donations from software projects also hosted on the site, such as Markdown. From 2006 to 2017, the site displayed advertisements from The Deck, an advertising network serving sites like A List Apart and 37signals in addition to Daring Fireball. In addition to this, many Amazon.com links once carried Daring Fireball's referral ID, and the site's preferences once included a choice of local Amazon store. Amazon removed Daring Fireball from their affiliate program for a violation of their terms of service. The Talk Show The Talk Show is a technology podcast started by Gruber intended as a "director's commentary" to Daring Fireball. Guests are usually programmers, designers, analysts and journalists. In June 2007, Gruber and Dan Benjamin began co-hosting an independent podcast featuring conversations and commentary on trends, mainly focusing on technology at thetalkshow.net. This format persisted but the show "started over" and helped establish Benjamin's 5by5 Studios network. The show ran from July 2010 until May 2012 for a total of 90 episodes. Gruber moved the show to the Mule Radio Syndicate network in May 2012. This time, Gruber changed the format and became the sole host of the show with alternating guests each episode. The show ran for 80 episodes and in May 2014, The Talk Show parted ways with Mule Radio and became part of Daring Fireball. The show continues to use the episode number scheme and logo started at Mule Radio. While Gruber has remained a constant through all four iterations of the show, archives of the show's episodes are inconsistent. The initial 27 episodes that were co-hosted with Benjamin were removed by Dan in 2016. Only some of the episodes created during the time at Mule Radio remain available. Some recurring guests include John Moltz, Marco Arment, Merlin Mann, Craig Hockenberry, John Siracusa, Rene Ritchie, Guy English, MG Siegler, Ben Thompson, Joanna Stern, Brent Simmons, Om Malik, Jason Snell, Christa Mrgan, Dave Wiskus, Matthew Panzarino, and Serenity Caldwell. Apple Inc. senior vice president (SVP) of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller appeared as a guest on the live episode of The Talk Show during WWDC 2015 in San Francisco. Apple SVPs Eddy Cue and Craig Federighi appeared as guests on a recorded episode published February 12, 2016. Phil Schiller and Craig Federighi also appeared on the live episodes of The Talk Show during WWDC 2016 and 2017. The Talk Show is known for its lengthy episodes. Todd Vaziri periodically updates a graph showing episode lengths. Other works In early 2013, Gruber, Brent Simmons, and Dave Wiskus founded software development firm Q Branch to develop the Vesper notes app for iOS. The venture was not successful, and Q Branch has since shut down. In March 2020, Gruber started a new podcast with friend and colleague Ben Thompson called Dithering. Each episode is exactly 15 minutes long and access to the show is granted via subscription. References External links Daring Fireball, , The Talk Show, Markdown, , 1973 births American male bloggers American bloggers American technology writers Drexel University alumni Living people Place of birth missing (living people) American podcasters 21st-century American non-fiction writers
Turf Battles, often referred to as TB, is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG). It is IMAZIC's first released game first introduced in 2002. Turf Battles takes place within the world of Fomalhaut, years after a major war. Originally published under HyperEngines LLC, The open beta was announced around September 2005. Due to many technical issues, the game ultimately failed, and Hyper Engines LLC closed its operations mid-2008. However, due to popular player support, the title was picked up for the American audience by Aeria Games and Entertainment. Aeria Games and Entertainment announced Turf Battles on December 9, 2008. After three Closed Betas, Turf Battles has gone into a final Beta Stress Test, which moved into an Open Beta. On June 18, 2010, Aeria Games closed down the Turf Battles servers citing "over a year of continued issues (old and new). (Aeria Games) have been working with the developer through these difficulties, but the efforts of both teams have not been able to completely eradicate the problems facing Turf Battles. Fewer and fewer people have been logging in." In around 2014, Eonic Games, "a MMORPG development company whose aim is to revive the Turf Battles MMORPG", re-re-released the title as a complete rebuild based on the original HyperEngine LLC system, including the Island PK system. The new release proceeded out of open beta and is currently undergoing what they call, "Seasons", by testing out new improvements, items, nerf, etc. and implementing what was well received into the game; seasons last 3 months at a time and undergo roughly 1-month break in between seasons. Gameplay Starting a character or a play session As with other MMORPGs, players control a character avatar within a game world, exploring the landscape, fighting monsters, completing quests and interacting with NPCs or other players. In common with many other MMORPGs, Turf Battles does not require the player to pay for a subscription, but in-game items can be purchased with real-world money. To enter the game, the player must select a realm (or server). Each realm acts as an individual copy of the game world. Servers are both Player versus player (PvP), where open combat among players is common, and Player versus environment (PvE), where the focus is on defeating monsters and completing quests. On a server, a player may create characters belonging to either of two races: Human or Nephilim. Each server has several channels, which players can change between freely during gameplay, and either select one of their previously made characters, or create a new one. To create a new character, players must choose between the two races of Humans or Nephilim. Characters from the two races can communicate and trade, and members of the two races can speak, email, group, and share tribes. The player selects the new character's class, such as Archers or Blue Mages for the Nephilim, or Blades, Fists or Red Mages for the Humans. Each class is unique to a particular race. On-going gameplay As characters become more developed, they gain skills, requiring the player to further define the abilities of that character. Crafting materials, such as leather, herbs, metal, wood, and gems, can also used by characters. Characters may form or join tribes, allowing characters in the same tribes unified communications, a shared tribe name, and possibly identity, tribe bank and dues. Much Turf Battles play involves questing. These quests, also called tasks or missions, are usually available from non-player characters (NPCs). Quests usually reward the player with experience points, items, and/or in-game money. It is also through quests that much of the game's story is told, both through the quest text, and through scripted NPC actions. Quests are linked by a common theme. Each quest is triggered by the completion of the previous quest, forming a quest chain. Quests commonly involve killing a number of creatures, gathering a certain number of resources, finding a difficult-to-locate object, speaking to various NPCs, visiting specific locations, interacting with objects in the world, or delivering an item from one place to another. While a character can be played on its own, players can also form groups with others, in order to tackle more challenging content. In this way, character classes are used in specific roles within a group. In Turf Battles, when a character dies, they are resurrected in the nearest Safe Zone. When a character is killed by a monster, they lose some experience. Also, there is a possibility of dropping items the character had equipped, requiring the player to attempt to return the location they died at, to regain dropped items. When a character fights, the items equipped degrade, requiring in-game money and a NPC to repair them. Items that degrade heavily can become unusable until they are repaired. Turf Battles contains a variety of mechanisms for Player versus player (PvP) combat. Each server allows player versus player combat almost anywhere in the game world. In PVP environments, players can attack each other at almost any time or location. On all servers, there are special areas of the world where free-for-all combat is permitted. Battle arenas, for example, allow all players to engage each other without fear of penalty or loss of rank. Setting Turf Battles is a Massively Multi-Player Online Role Playing Game (MMORPG). It takes place in a 3D-representation of the world of Fomalhaut, which players can interact with through their characters. The game features two main lands on the continent of Fomalhaut, as well as numerous smaller lands and islands. In the game world, players use their characters to explore locations, defeat creatures, and complete quests, among other such activities. By doing these things, characters gain experience points. After a set number of experience points have been gained, a character gains a level and new stat points, opening up the option of learning new skills, using new items, exploring new areas, and attempting new quests. As a player explores new locations, they can "save" locations, both for future reference, and in order to teleport back to these locations, should the desire arise. Players can discover "crystal shifters" in newly discovered locations, and then use those NPCs in order to teleport to previously discovered locations in other parts of the world. Players can also use facilities such as NPCs, or "crystals", in order to move from one area of Fomalhaut to another. Although the game world remains reasonably similar from day to day, locations have changeable weather such as dust, snow, and storms. A number of facilities are available to characters when in towns and cities. In each major city, characters can access a warehouse, in order to deposit items, such as treasure or crafted items. Each warehouse is unique to that character, with players able to purchase additional storage space. In the major cities of Fomalhaut, players can expect to see player hosted booths. These are effective for selling items you have gained, or while you wish to remain connected to the game, should you decide to go away from your keyboard. Some of the harder challenges in Turf Battles require players to group together to complete them. These usually take place in dungeons and other difficult areas, which a group of characters can enter together. This allows players to explore areas and complete quests, with other players outside the group. Each major area has one main dungeon, and are designed for characters of varying progressions. Development Turf Battles was first announced by HyperEngines LLC in October 2005. Development of the game from the Korean version has taken about 2 months, with extensive testing. The game was designed to be an open environment, where players are allowed to do what they please. Quests are optional, and were designed to help guide players, allow character development, and to spread characters across different zones, to try to avoid what developers call 'player collision'. The game interface allows players to customize appearance, controls, and other modifications. Regional variations IMAZIC distributes Turf Battles in the following countries: Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China, and the United States. In Korea, the game is called Sephiroth (세피로스). Sephiroth is the base version of Turf Battles, written in Korean, and allowing those with only Korean Social Security Numbers to play. In Taiwan, the game is called Sephiroth (凱旋). The game is written in the Chinese language, and is restricted solely to players who are located in Taiwan, Hong Kong, or Macao. In China, the game is called Kaixuan (凯旋/Triumph). The game is written in the Chinese language, and is restricted solely to players who are located in Asia. In Japan, the game is known as Sephiroth (セフィロス). Written in Japanese, the client download is currently only available to those who live in Japan. Community Aside from playing the game and conversing in discussion topics, Turf Battles players often participate in the virtual community in creative ways. This includes, but is not limited to, fan artwork. References External links "SmileGate" website The official Korean Turf Battles website Turf Battles Community website Turf Battles Community Wiki Turf Battles US website Fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing games Fiction set around Fomalhaut Massively multiplayer online role-playing games Windows games Aeria Games games
Codeworks, LLC is a privately held U.S. software company that specializes in warehouse management systems and transportation management system software for the third-party logistics industry. History In the early 1990s, a consortium of Third-Party Logistics (3PL) warehouse operations sought a warehouse management system capable of supporting multi-million-square-foot operations. Rick DeShone was selected to spearhead the development effort, and in 1995, the project was successfully implemented, resulting in the formation of Codeworks, LLC. As of 2009, Codeworks' customers span the following industries in 35 major U.S. cities: Automotive Alcoholic Beverages Apparel Building materials Consumer Durables Consumer Electronics Consumer Goods Corrugated Products Detergents Direct Sales Document Management Electronics Farm, Lawn & Garden Equipment Food, Food-Related & Beverage General Merchandise Glass Grocery Hardware Health and Beauty Aids Health Care Home Appliances Lumber Manufacturers OEM Paper Plastics Retail Roll Fabrics Sporting Goods Tapes Wire The company's Warehouse and Transportation Management System (WTMS) products are suitable for a variety of warehousing operations and facilities, including: Bonded Contract Dry Storage Refrigerated Public Third-Party Logistics/3PL Freight Brokers & Forwarders Fulfilment Centres Transportation Vendor-Managed Inventory Products The warehouse management system was named Warehouse and Distribution Logistics System (WDLS) and made available to other warehouses. An integrated transportation management system named Traffic was developed in response to expanding customer needs. The warehouse and transportation management products are sold as all-inclusive systems, with modular options included as core functionality, and licensing based on the server. Ensure technical term abbreviations are explained when first used. The warehouse and transportation management products are sold as all-inclusive systems, with modular options included as core functionality, and licensing based on the server. Services Business consulting (i.e., capacity reviews, resource management, disaster recovery planning, operating systems, network configuration, ROI calculation) Business-specific application development Installation and configuration (i.e., systems integration, electronic data interchange (EDI) mapping, and communications) Training Customer support References External links U.S. Dept. of Transportation article "Electronic Freight Management," Jan./Feb. 2009 Riggs Transport Interview, Dec. 22, 2008 ODW Logistics customer website Varsity Logistics Partner website Manta company listing Business software companies Privately held companies based in Ohio
RAF West Freugh is a former Royal Air Force station located in Wigtownshire, south east of Stranraer, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. It has always been an armaments training school, either for handling or deployment of ordnance. The site is now known as MOD West Freugh and is operated by defence contractor QinetiQ, on behalf of the Ministry of Defence. History During the First World War the site was a base for naval airships, known as RNAS Luce Bay. The base was provided with one huge airship hangar. RAF West Freugh opened in 1937 as an armament training camp. During the Second World War, it expanded to include training facilities for observers, navigators, and bomb aimers; and served as a base for the Bombing Trials Unit. The known history of units known at West Freugh is: 22 October 1939 – 10 Service Flying Training School formed. Moved November 4 November 1939 – 4 Air Observer School formed 11 January 1940 – re-designated 4 Bombing & Gunnery School 14 June 1941 – 4 Air Observer School reformed 11 June 1943 – re-designated 4 Observer Advanced Flying Unit 21 June 1945 – 4 Observer Advanced Flying Unit disbanded April 1957 – RAF West Freugh incident 2001 – Airfield closed, all RAF operations cease 2001 – operations taken over by QinetiQ In addition to the units listed above (and with manpower possibly drawn from some of them) a Mountain Rescue Team was based at West Freugh from 1945 to 1956. After 1956 the MRT at RAF Leuchars assumed responsibility for the area covered by West Freugh. The team was part of the RAF's Mountain Rescue Service. The following units were also here at some point: Squadrons Units Satellite Earth Station A satellite earth station is located at West Freugh and was established to receive and distribute data from the European Space Agency's ERS radar satellites. In September 2005 it was announced that the earth station at West Freugh was the first outside Canada to be certified to provide imagery from the Canadian RADARSAT commercial satellite. Present day In 1987, Exercise Purple Warrior forces utilised West Freugh. West Freugh, operated by QinetiQ since 2001, is used as a test range for bombs and Air-to-Ground missiles. Its ranges extend over Luce Bay, and an area of land at Torrs Warren. In 1988 and 1990 its ranges were used to test Phalanx CIWS weapons system with depleted uranium rounds. A subsequent radiological survey of beach, sand and seawater by staff from the Atomic Weapons Establishment concluded that there was no detectable contamination. The airfield is no longer licensed or active, however it is available for military exercises. West Freugh has also been used on several occasions for exercises by 16 Air Assault Brigade under the Exercise Joint Warrior banner. See also List of former Royal Air Force stations References Citations Bibliography External links MOD West Freugh – LPTA Airports established in 1936 Bombing ranges Buildings and structures in Dumfries and Galloway Royal Air Force stations in Scotland Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
Suzo International was founded in 1955 in Rotterdam, The Netherlands and supplies components and solutions for the amusement, video game, casino, and vending industries. It also develops and manufactures several (electronic) components, software products and systems as coin hoppers, pushbuttons, topper boxes and control mechanisms for the professional gaming industry. In 2005 Suzo merged with Happ Controls to form the Suzo-Happ Group - later stylized as SUZOHAPP. It is active in more than 60 countries worldwide. In North America, the organization does business as Happ based in Elk Grove, IL, and Suzo, based in Oud-Beijerland, the Netherlands, is responsible for international operations. To the general public, the company is probably best known for its popular "The Arcade" range of joysticks for home computer and video game systems of the 1980s. Suzo products of this era are generally marked as being manufactured by "S.T.C. Rotterdam" rather than "Suzo". References Manufacturing companies based in Rotterdam
Redgate Software is a software company based in Cambridge, England. It develops tools for developers and data professionals and maintains community websites such as SQL Server Central and Simple Talk. Redgate produces database management tools for Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL and Microsoft Azure. It also produces advanced developer tools for .NET Framework, such as SmartAssembly and .NET Reflector. From 2007 to 2013, Redgate was featured in the Sunday Times 100 best companies to work for in the United Kingdom. It has won numerous industry awards for its SQL Server management software. History The company was founded by Neil Davidson and Simon Galbraith in October 1999. It is named after Via Porta Rossa (Red Gate Street) in Florence, Italy, close to where Davidson used to live. In 2005, Redgate launched Simple Talk, an online technical journal and community hub for working Microsoft SQL Server and .NET developers, as well as systems and database administrators. The journal is sponsored by Redgate, but retains editorial independence. In addition to publishing articles, Simple Talk publishes books, most of which are available in a digital format. On 20 August 2008, Redgate announced it was taking responsibility for future development of the free tool .NET Reflector. On 22 March 2010, HyperBac Technologies (formerly known as Xceleon Technologies) was acquired by Redgate. HyperBac developed SQL software tools and products. In August 2009, Redgate launched Springboard, a startup incubator based in Cambridge, UK. For a period of three months Redgate provided living expenses and mentoring for teams to work from Redgate's offices. It was similar to Y Combinator and Techstars in that it provided a small amount of capital up front but no equity was taken. In 2010, Redgate re-launched Springboard with a different model where teams would again receive investment and mentoring, but this time in exchange for an equity stake. One such recipient of investment-for-equity in 2016 was Berlin-based 3T Software Labs, makers of Studio 3T, the IDE for MongoDB, a popular NoSQL database. On March 7, 2017, Microsoft announced the inclusion of Redgate tools in Visual Studio 2017. Three components were included: ReadyRoll Core and SQL Prompt Core, both in the Enterprise edition of Visual Studio 2017, and SQL Search in all editions. On January 28, 2021 Redgate announced it had acquired the assets of the Professional Association for SQL Server (PASS). In December 2021, Redgate announced that Jakub Lamik was taking up the position as CEO of the company, and that Galbraith would remain on the board as a non-executive director. Awards References External links Simple Talk (technical journal and community hub) SQL Server Central (SQL Server education and community website) All Things Oracle (technical journal) Software companies of the United Kingdom Companies based in Cambridge Software companies established in 1999 1999 establishments in England
Pristine, meaning unsullied, or unmodified from a natural state, may also refer to: Pristine (band), Norwegian blues rock band Pristine (company), software company Pristine apple, hybrid cultivar Pristine Audio, music company Priştine Detachment, Ottoman Empire military unit See also Pristina, the capital of Kosovo
Cobrowsing (short for collaborative browsing), in the context of web browsing, is the joint navigation through the World Wide Web by two or more people accessing the same web page at the same time. History of cobrowsing software Early cobrowsing was achieved by local execution of software that had to be installed on the computer of each participant. More advanced tools didn't have to be installed, but still required local execution of software or at least web-browser plug-ins, extensions, or applets. Most tools were limited to a single user that was able to navigate, while the others could only watch. Newer co-browsing solutions no longer require downloads, installations, or plug-ins. Instead, these solutions rely on peer-to-peer connections and DOM manipulation. Some tools provide very limited cobrowsing by only synchronizing the page location (URL) of the page that should be shared. Full cobrowsing supports automatic synchronization of the browsers' state and content, including frames, portlets, or even content of the form fields and controls. Some tools can even identify complex media objects such as audio and video players and offer capability of synchronous (coordinated) playback with start/pause/stop functionality. During cobrowsing sessions, some solutions can display multiple labeled cursors and on-screen highlighting tools. Additionally, some modern cobrowsing solutions will also offer observation capabilities whereby a second person can view a live web browsing session, but not participate in its navigation. Cobrowsing is difficult to implement due to the essential confidence requirements to share any real-time experience, and strong resistance provided by OS and browser security mechanisms. Cobrowsing technology has many inherent challenges such as page personalizations or sites that require user authentication, but many leading cobrowsing solutions are now able to overcome many of these challenges. When used in conjunction with communication channels like live chat, video chat, or voice calls, cobrowsing has been shown to greatly improve both online sales and customer support. Developers of cobrowsing software A number of companies such as eGain, Recursive Labs, Glance Networks and Pegasystems are known for developing software for cobrowsing, or have acquired cobrowsing companies. Surfly and Upscope have uniquely developed code-less proxy cobrowsing whereby neither a javascript snippet or an extension is required to cobrowse. Recursive Labs develops cobrowsing mobile SDKs and CRM software that integrates with video chat. Recursive Labs and Glance Networks provide patented cobrowse technology as part of a visual engagement platform. The company has integrations with customer relationship management (CRM) tools, such as Salesforce, Microsoft Dynamics, Genesys, SAP, and Zendesk. In 2014, Oracle Corporation purchased LiveLOOK for its cobrowsing technology. Also in 2014, Pegasystems acquired the cobrowsing tool Firefly, which was developed by a startup from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania funded by First Round Capital. See also Web conferencing Online banking Collaborative real-time editor Technical support References Further reading Franke, Jörn; Cheng, Bin: "Real-Time Privacy-Preserving Cobrowsing with Element Masking," 17th Conference on Intelligence in Next Generation Networks, Venice, Italy, 2013. Teleconferencing Computing terminology Web browsers de:Desktop-Sharing#Cobrowsing
Baraha is a word processing application for creating documents in Indian languages. It was developed by Sheshadrivasu Chandrasekharan with an intention to provide a software to enable and encourage Indians use their native languages on the computers. Baraha was first released in Kannada in 1998 and later on in other Indian languages. Baraha can be effectively used for creating documents, sending emails and publishing web pages. Baraha uses a transliteration scheme, which allows the user to write any Indian language in Latin text and later convert it to the respective language. Baraha package consists of Baraha, BarahaPad, BarahaIME and FontConvert programs. This package includes TrueType fonts for various Indian languages. The latest full version of the software is not free anymore. The full-featured software requires a registration key, which currently costs $49.95 or 3745. Languages supported Baraha 10.0 supports Kannada, Devanagari, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Gujarati, Gurumukhi, Bengali, Assamese and Oriya scripts. The following table shows the languages supported. References External links PDF on Baraha at Technology Development for Indian Languages Baraha and its creator Freeware Word processors Windows word processors Windows-only freeware Devanagari Konkani
James Lee Massey (February 11, 1934 – June 16, 2013) was an American information theorist and cryptographer, Professor Emeritus of Digital Technology at ETH Zurich. His notable work includes the application of the Berlekamp–Massey algorithm to linear codes, the design of the block ciphers IDEA (with Xuejia Lai, based on the Lai-Massey scheme) and SAFER, and the Massey-Omura cryptosystem (with Jim K. Omura). Biography Massey was born in Wauseon, Ohio. As a child, after the death of his father in Ohio, he moved with his mother and brother to Mendota, Illinois. At age 14, his family moved to Ottawa, Illinois. After graduating from St. Bede Academy, he entered the University of Notre Dame. He received a B.S. in electrical engineering from Notre Dame in 1956 and was granted an NSF Fellowship. After three years of military service, he began graduate studies in 1959 at MIT, where he concentrated on coding theory and was awarded a Ph.D. in 1962, with John Wozencraft as his advisor. He returned to Notre Dame, where he taught electrical engineering until 1977, publishing significant research in convolutional codes, frame synchronization techniques and feedback-assisted communication. After a brief period at UCLA, Massey accepted a position at ETH Zurich in 1980. He remained there until his retirement in 1998. Massey died of colon cancer on June 16, 2013 in Copenhagen, Denmark. Honors and awards IEEE Fellow, 1971 Baker Prize, 1987 Claude E. Shannon Award, 1988 IEEE Alexander Graham Bell Medal, 1992 Marconi Prize, 1999 Member of the National Academy of Engineering Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences IACR Fellow, 2009 References External links James Massey's CV at ETH Zurich James Massey's bio at IEEE Global History Network 1934 births American twins American information theorists American cryptographers Modern cryptographers American electrical engineers Academic staff of ETH Zurich University of Notre Dame alumni Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni Fellow Members of the IEEE Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences Members of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts 2013 deaths Deaths from cancer in Denmark Deaths from colorectal cancer People from Wauseon, Ohio International Association for Cryptologic Research fellows Engineers from Ohio
Lev Nikolayevich Korolyov (also Korolev, ; 6 September 1926 – 5 January 2016) was a Russian / Soviet computer scientist, a corresponding member of the USSR Academy of Sciences. He was involved in the development of the first Soviet computers. Biography Korolev was born in Podolsk, Russia. After Army service, he graduated from Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics, Moscow State University in 1952. In 1953-1975 Korolev worked at the Institute of Precise Mechanics and Computer Engineering of academician S.A. Lebedev, and became his deputy. He died in Moscow in 2016 at the age of 89. Professional career He worked on the development of software for the BESM built in 1953, the first large Russian computer, and its subsequent models In 1956 Korolev created one of the first programs for the BESM for machine translation of written text from English into Russian. In 1960 he was awarded the degree "Kandidat in Physical and Mathematical Sciences" for a thesis on the theory of machine translation. He headed the team which wrote control software for ballistic missile defense, using the computers M-40 and M-50. For this research, Korolev was awarded doctorate in 1967. His team produced the first operating system for BESM-6, a batch processing system later named "Dispatcher-68". In 1981 Korolev was elected a corresponding member of the USSR Academy of Sciences at the Department of Mathematics. Korolev has held a chair at the Moscow State University Department of Computational Mathematics and Cybernetics since its founding in 1970. Korolev wrote over 80 scientific publications, including 10 monographs and textbooks. Two of them, Structures of Electronic Computers and their mathematical basis, Moscow, ‘Nauka', 1974 (2nd ed., 1978) and Microprocessors, micro- and mini-computer, Moscow, ‘Nauka', 1984 are the most significant. Among his students are two academicians of the Russian Academy of Sciences and over 40 scientists with "Doktor Nauk" and Kandidat Nauk degrees. In 1997 L .N. Korolev was awarded "Honorable professorship of the MSU". Korolev received the USSR State Prize (1969), the Prize of the USSR Council of Ministers (1982), the Lomonosov Prize of the MSU (1995). and the Order of Lenin, Order of the October Revolution, and Order of the Patriotic War. References External links Biography of L. N. Korolev at Virtual Museum Computer. Lev Korolyov — scientific works on the website Math-Net.Ru 1926 births 2016 deaths Russian computer scientists Russian inventors Soviet computer scientists Recipients of the USSR State Prize Corresponding Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences Recipients of the Order of Lenin People from Podolsk
The International Music Score Library Project (IMSLP), also known as the Petrucci Music Library after publisher Ottaviano Petrucci, is a for-profit subscription-based digital library of public-domain music scores. The project, which uses MediaWiki software, has uploaded more than 630,000 scores and 73,000 recordings of more than 195,000 works by 24,000 composers. IMSLP has both an iOS app and an Android app. History Overview The site was launched on February 16, 2006. The library consists mainly of scans of old musical editions out of copyright. In addition, it admits scores by contemporary composers who wish to share their music with the world by releasing it under a Creative Commons license. One of the main projects of the IMSLP was the sorting and uploading of the complete works of Johann Sebastian Bach in the Bach-Gesellschaft Ausgabe (1851–99), a task that was completed on November 3, 2008. Besides J.S. Bach's complete public domain works, many or all available public domain works of Ludwig van Beethoven, Johannes Brahms, Joseph Canteloube, Emmanuel Chabrier, Ernest Chausson, Frédéric Chopin, Joseph Haydn, Arcangelo Corelli, Claude Debussy, Vincent d'Indy, Paul Dukas, Gabriel Fauré, Pierre-Octave Ferroud, George Frideric Handel, Jean Huré, Albéric Magnard, Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina, Maurice Ravel, Albert Roussel, Erik Satie, Florent Schmitt, Franz Schubert, Robert Schumann, Alexander Scriabin and Jean Sibelius are available, as well as a large percentage of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Franz Liszt, and the works of many others as well. Some less played scores of these composers remain unavailable, as well as many scores being available only as the composer's original manuscript. Besides providing a digital repository, the IMSLP offers possibilities as a musicological encyclopaedia, since multiple and historical editions of a single composition can be uploaded. Also, pages on publishers provide valuable information, and the work pages themselves often contain a large quantity of information, e.g. roles in an opera. IMSLP is recommended as a research tool by MIT, which also uses it extensively for providing scores for its OpenCourseWare courses. It is suggested as a resource by the Sibley Music Library and by libraries at other universities such as Stanford University, University of California, Los Angeles, Brown University, University of Pennsylvania, University of Wisconsin–Madison, Oberlin Conservatory of Music, Manhattan School of Music University of Maryland, University of Washington, University of Cincinnati, University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, Appalachian State University in the US, McGill University in Canada, University of Oxford, University of Cambridge, University of Edinburgh University of Bristol in the UK, University of Melbourne in Australia, and others. In 2019, IMSLP and TwoSetViolin collaborated to make a TwoSetViolin x IMSLP merchandise lineup. Logo In 2007–2015, the IMSLP / Petrucci Music Library used a logo based on a score. The score image in the background was taken from the beginning of the first printed book of music, the Harmonice Musices Odhecaton. It was published in Venice, Italy in 1501 by Ottaviano Petrucci, the library's namesake. In 2016 , the IMSLP changed its logo to a clean wordmark, featuring its two project names—IMSLP and Petrucci Music Library. Awards In 2009, the IMSLP won the MERLOT Classics award for Music. It was named one of the Top 100 Web Sites of 2009 (in the "Undiscovered" subsection) by PC Magazine. In 2018, Edward Guo was honored with The Helen Rice Award by the Associated Chamber Music Players (ACMP) Foundation in recognition of those who have moved the chamber music world in a new directions. Closure and reopening On October 19, 2007, the IMSLP closed following legal demands from Universal Edition of Vienna, Austria. The cease and desist letter expressed concern that some works that are in public domain in the server's location in Canada with copyright protection of 50 years following death, but are protected by the 70 years following death term in some other countries, were available in those countries. The administrator of the website, Edward W. Guo, also known under the nickname Feldmahler, decided to close down the repository, but left the forums online so that discussions into the best way to proceed could be made: In response, director Michael S. Hart of Project Gutenberg offered support to keep the project online. This offer was declined by Guo, who voiced concern about having the project hosted in the United States, and consulted the Canadian wing of Project Gutenberg. On November 2, 2007, Michael Geist, a prominent Canadian copyright academic, wrote an article for the BBC discussing the specifics and the wider implications of this case. IMSLP went back online on June 30, 2008. Since its reopening, the site has been using a strict copyright policy wherein uploaded files are made accessible for download only after the copyright status for three most frequent copyright regimes has been reviewed by staff members. Although the server is located in Canada, files that are not public domain in the US were until July 2010 flagged [TB], for 'Technical Block' or 'Temporary Block', and could not be viewed. The FAQ posted in their forum stated, "Unfortunately, these 'temporary' blocks will be until further notice – possibly all the way until the expiration of term in the USA." After an initial phase, [TB] flagged items have essentially disappeared thanks to the introduction of regional servers operated by unaffiliated organizations (see next). On 21 April 2011, the Music Publishers Association (UK) issued a DMCA takedown notice against the IMSLP. Go Daddy, the domain name registrar for the IMSLP, removed the domain name "imslp.org", leaving it inaccessible. The MPA's argument was similar to that made in 2007 by Universal Edition. In particular, the MPA claimed that Rachmaninoff's 1913 choral symphony The Bells violated US and EU copyright. According to the IMSLP, the action is without any merit. Almost 24 hours later, the MPA (UK) announced on Twitter that they had asked Go Daddy to reinstate the domain name. On November 7, 2017, the IMSLP received a cease and desist letter from the heirs of Sergei Prokofiev expressing concern that the composer's music was available for download in countries where his music was still under copyright protection. This demand was followed up by a separate letter from the National Music Publishers Association on January 19, 2018. On February 23, 2018, access to all compositions by Prokofiev was blocked by the IMSLP in response to these legal threats. The issues were partially resolved on the IMSLP forums in July 2018, resulting in the reupload of Prokofiev's pre-1923 works. In August, the remainder of Prokofiev's works were reuploaded so that they would only be available in the countries they are allowed in. Subscription introduction On December 27, 2015, the IMSLP moved to a subscription-based model, where users are expected to pay to avoid a waiting period on some of the files available on the site, and to access certain newly uploaded files. Users who have not paid are subject to a 15-second waiting period on certain files (excluding Creative Commons-licensed files that constitute a majority of the site's files), and are required to wait up to two days to access newly uploaded files. The project leader Edward Guo claimed the changes were made because the level of funding was "not sustainable in the long run", but also noted: "The income we receive from various sources have been enough to maintain the site so far, but I increasingly believe that this level of funding is not sustainable in the long run. We are not, like traditional music libraries, bound by the service of a conservatory, university or publisher, but rather can do things that traditional institutions are not willing to do, because we serve only musicians and music lovers. But everything is a tradeoff – we also do not have the funding infrastructure these traditional institutions have, and over the past few years I’ve frankly exhausted my imagination in searching for new realistic sources of funding for IMSLP. "And so I will announce here that a subscription system for IMSLP will be put in place. But this will not be a traditional subscription model – in particular, no file will be blocked from access by the public. Rather, a subscription will permit a member to download files without having to wait a certain number of seconds, eliminiate [sic] some of the advertising on the site, and a few other benefits. I see this as a way to both preserve IMSLP’s philosophy of open access and to secure IMSLP’s future." Guo attributed the change in funding to discussions with librarians at an IAML conference in June 2015. Some contributors to the website expressed concerns that Guo had not properly attempted to raise donations, but without any prior warning, introduced the membership system to monetize their work. Naxos Music Library On April 18, 2016, the IMSLP announced on its Twitter account that all subscribers will have access to the Naxos Music Library. EU server On July 10, 2010, a forum thread announced the opening of a new server located in the Netherlands. This server allows works that are public domain in Canada and the EU to be downloaded legally, even if they are under copyright in the US. The server was initially run by an unaffiliated European organization, while a forum thread later announced that operations had been handed over to Project Leonardo, a new unaffiliated company incorporated in New Zealand to "provide web hosting services to online libraries that distribute free contents in any fields of arts and science". Files on the EU server are flagged (EU). US server A similar, also unaffiliated, US server allows users to download works that are in the public domain only in the US. Unlike the other servers, this one can only be contributed to by administrators and users who have asked for the privilege, though the files are freely accessible for download. CA server On July 1, 2013, a forum thread announced the opening of a new server located in Canada and operated by Project Leonardo, the unaffiliated company that also runs the EU server. This server is especially intended for users located in countries where copyright lasts 50 years from the death of the author, such as Canada, China, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa, and many others. Files on the CA server are flagged (CA). WIMA merge On August 23, 2011, an announcement was made that the Werner Icking Music Archive would merge with the IMSLP. WIMA had announced the merge on its own site five days before in an open letter to contributors. After working out some technical issues, the IMSLP decided to officially commence the merge on August 28. The merge was announced to be complete on July 21, 2012. Current legal structure IMSLP is now owned by Project Petrucci LLC, a private company created to run the website. Project Petrucci LLC was registered as a Delaware limited-liability company on June 28, 2008, when the site founder was studying at the New England Conservatory. The website provides an e-mail address for the site's founder ("preferred"), and a physical address for the company's registered agent in the United States (for "any legal or formal correspondence"). Project Leonardo is an internet service provider that hosts free online content in the arts or sciences. Similar projects Choral Public Domain Library (focused on choral and vocal music) Musopen (focused on recordings) Mutopia Project (focused on typeset scores) Werner Icking Music Archive (contains mainly early music; merged with the IMSLP) See also List of online music databases References External links Discipline-oriented digital libraries Internet properties established in 2006 Internet services shut down by a legal challenge Online music and lyrics databases MediaWiki websites Music libraries Public domain music Sheet music Canadian music websites Canadian digital libraries
In computer science, a Cartesian tree is a binary tree derived from a sequence of distinct numbers. To construct the Cartesian tree, set its root to be the minimum number in the sequence, and recursively construct its left and right subtrees from the subsequences before and after this number. It is uniquely defined as a min-heap whose symmetric (in-order) traversal returns the original sequence. Cartesian trees were introduced by in the context of geometric range searching data structures. They have also been used in the definition of the treap and randomized binary search tree data structures for binary search problems, in comparison sort algorithms that perform efficiently on nearly-sorted inputs, and as the basis for pattern matching algorithms. A Cartesian tree for a sequence can be constructed in linear time. Definition Cartesian trees are defined using binary trees, which are a form of rooted tree. To construct the Cartesian tree for a given sequence of distinct numbers, set its root to be the minimum number in the sequence, and recursively construct its left and right subtrees from the subsequences before and after this number, respectively. As a base case, when one of these subsequences is empty, there is no left or right child. It is also possible to characterize the Cartesian tree directly rather than recursively, using its ordering properties. In any tree, the subtree rooted at any node consists of all other nodes that can reach it by repeatedly following parent pointers. The Cartesian tree for a sequence of distinct numbers is defined by the following properties: The Cartesian tree for a sequence is a binary tree with one node for each number in the sequence. A symmetric (in-order) traversal of the tree results in the original sequence. Equivalently, for each node, the numbers in its left subtree are earlier than it in the sequence, and the numbers in the right subtree are later. The tree has the min-heap property: the parent of any non-root node has a smaller value than the node itself. These two definitions are equivalent: the tree defined recursively as described above is the unique tree that has the properties listed above. If a sequence of numbers contains repetitions, a Cartesian tree can be determined for it by following a consistent tie-breaking rule before applying the above construction. For instance, the first of two equal elements can be treated as the smaller of the two. History Cartesian trees were introduced and named by , who used them as an example of the interaction between geometric combinatorics and the design and analysis of data structures. In particular, Vuillemin used these structures to analyze the average-case complexity of concatenation and splitting operations on binary search trees. The name is derived from the Cartesian coordinate system for the plane: in one version of this structure, as in the two-dimensional range searching application discussed below, a Cartesian tree for a point set has the sorted order of the points by their -coordinates as its symmetric traversal order, and it has the heap property according to the -coordinates of the points. Vuillemin described both this geometric version of the structure, and the definition here in which a Cartesian tree is defined from a sequence. Using sequences instead of point coordinates provides a more general setting that allows the Cartesian tree to be applied to non-geometric problems as well. Efficient construction A Cartesian tree can be constructed in linear time from its input sequence. One method is to process the sequence values in left-to-right order, maintaining the Cartesian tree of the nodes processed so far, in a structure that allows both upwards and downwards traversal of the tree. To process each new value , start at the node representing the value prior to in the sequence and follow the path from this node to the root of the tree until finding a value smaller than . The node becomes the right child of , and the previous right child of becomes the new left child of . The total time for this procedure is linear, because the time spent searching for the parent of each new node can be charged against the number of nodes that are removed from the rightmost path in the tree. An alternative linear-time construction algorithm is based on the all nearest smaller values problem. In the input sequence, define the left neighbor of a value to be the value that occurs prior to , is smaller than , and is closer in position to than any other smaller value. The right neighbor is defined symmetrically. The sequence of left neighbors can be found by an algorithm that maintains a stack containing a subsequence of the input. For each new sequence value , the stack is popped until it is empty or its top element is smaller than , and then is pushed onto the stack. The left neighbor of is the top element at the time is pushed. The right neighbors can be found by applying the same stack algorithm to the reverse of the sequence. The parent of in the Cartesian tree is either the left neighbor of or the right neighbor of , whichever exists and has a larger value. The left and right neighbors can also be constructed efficiently by parallel algorithms, making this formulation useful in efficient parallel algorithms for Cartesian tree construction. Another linear-time algorithm for Cartesian tree construction is based on divide-and-conquer. The algorithm recursively constructs the tree on each half of the input, and then merges the two trees. The merger process involves only the nodes on the left and right spines of these trees: the left spine is the path obtained by following left child edges from the root until reaching a node with no left child, and the right spine is defined symmetrically. As with any path in a min-heap, both spines have their values in sorted order, from the smallest value at their root to their largest value at the end of the path. To merge the two trees, apply a merge algorithm to the right spine of the left tree and the left spine of the right tree, replacing these two paths in two trees by a single path that contains the same nodes. In the merged path, the successor in the sorted order of each node from the left tree is placed in its right child, and the successor of each node from the right tree is placed in its left child, the same position that was previously used for its successor in the spine. The left children of nodes from the left tree and right children of nodes from the right tree remain unchanged. The algorithm is parallelizable since on each level of recursion, each of the two sub-problems can be computed in parallel, and the merging operation can be efficiently parallelized as well. It is possible to maintain the Cartesian tree of a dynamic input, subject to insertions of elements and lazy deletion of elements, in logarithmic amortized time per operation. Here, lazy deletion means that a deletion operation is performed by marking an element in the tree as being a deleted element, but not actually removing it from the tree. When the number of marked elements reaches a constant fraction of the size of the whole tree, it is rebuilt, keeping only its unmarked elements. Applications Range searching and lowest common ancestors Cartesian trees form part of an efficient data structure for range minimum queries. An input to this kind of query specifies a contiguous subsequence of the original sequence; the query output should be the minimum value in this subsequence. In a Cartesian tree, this minimum value can be found at the lowest common ancestor of the leftmost and rightmost values in the subsequence. For instance, in the subsequence (12,10,20,15,18) of the example sequence, the minimum value of the subsequence (10) forms the lowest common ancestor of the leftmost and rightmost values (12 and 18). Because lowest common ancestors can be found in constant time per query, using a data structure that takes linear space to store and can be constructed in linear time, the same bounds hold for the range minimization problem. reversed this relationship between the two data structure problems by showing that data structures for range minimization could also be used for finding lowest common ancestors. Their data structure associates with each node of the tree its distance from the root, and constructs a sequence of these distances in the order of an Euler tour of the (edge-doubled) tree. It then constructs a range minimization data structure for the resulting sequence. The lowest common ancestor of any two vertices in the given tree can be found as the minimum distance appearing in the interval between the initial positions of these two vertices in the sequence. Bender and Farach-Colton also provide a method for range minimization that can be used for the sequences resulting from this transformation, which have the special property that adjacent sequence values differ by one. As they describe, for range minimization in sequences that do not have this form, it is possible to use Cartesian trees to reduce the range minimization problem to lowest common ancestors, and then to use Euler tours to reduce lowest common ancestors to a range minimization problem with this special form. The same range minimization problem may also be given an alternative interpretation in terms of two dimensional range searching. A collection of finitely many points in the Cartesian plane can be used to form a Cartesian tree, by sorting the points by their -coordinates and using the -coordinates in this order as the sequence of values from which this tree is formed. If is the subset of the input points within some vertical slab defined by the inequalities , is the leftmost point in (the one with minimum -coordinate), and is the rightmost point in (the one with maximum -coordinate) then the lowest common ancestor of and in the Cartesian tree is the bottommost point in the slab. A three-sided range query, in which the task is to list all points within a region bounded by the three inequalities and , can be answered by finding this bottommost point , comparing its -coordinate to , and (if the point lies within the three-sided region) continuing recursively in the two slabs bounded between and and between and . In this way, after the leftmost and rightmost points in the slab are identified, all points within the three-sided region can be listed in constant time per point. The same construction, of lowest common ancestors in a Cartesian tree, makes it possible to construct a data structure with linear space that allows the distances between pairs of points in any ultrametric space to be queried in constant time per query. The distance within an ultrametric is the same as the minimax path weight in the minimum spanning tree of the metric. From the minimum spanning tree, one can construct a Cartesian tree, the root node of which represents the heaviest edge of the minimum spanning tree. Removing this edge partitions the minimum spanning tree into two subtrees, and Cartesian trees recursively constructed for these two subtrees form the children of the root node of the Cartesian tree. The leaves of the Cartesian tree represent points of the metric space, and the lowest common ancestor of two leaves in the Cartesian tree is the heaviest edge between those two points in the minimum spanning tree, which has weight equal to the distance between the two points. Once the minimum spanning tree has been found and its edge weights sorted, the Cartesian tree can be constructed in linear time. As a binary search tree The Cartesian tree of a sorted sequence is just a path graph, rooted at its leftmost endpoint. Binary searching in this tree degenerates to sequential search in the path. However, a different construction uses Cartesian trees to generate binary search trees of logarithmic depth from sorted sequences of values. This can be done by generating priority numbers for each value, and using the sequence of priorities to generate a Cartesian tree. This construction may equivalently be viewed in the geometric framework described above, in which the -coordinates of a set of points are the values in a sorted sequence and the -coordinates are their priorities. This idea was applied by , who suggested the use of random numbers as priorities. The self-balancing binary search tree resulting from this random choice is called a treap, due to its combination of binary search tree and min-heap features. An insertion into a treap can be performed by inserting the new key as a leaf of an existing tree, choosing a priority for it, and then performing tree rotation operations along a path from the node to the root of the tree to repair any violations of the heap property caused by this insertion; a deletion can similarly be performed by a constant amount of change to the tree followed by a sequence of rotations along a single path in the tree. A variation on this data structure called a zip tree uses the same idea of random priorities, but simplifies the random generation of the priorities, and performs insertions and deletions in a different way, by splitting the sequence and its associated Cartesian tree into two subsequences and two trees and then recombining them. If the priorities of each key are chosen randomly and independently once whenever the key is inserted into the tree, the resulting Cartesian tree will have the same properties as a random binary search tree, a tree computed by inserting the keys in a randomly chosen permutation starting from an empty tree, with each insertion leaving the previous tree structure unchanged and inserting the new node as a leaf of the tree. Random binary search trees have been studied for much longer than treaps, and are known to behave well as search trees. The expected length of the search path to any given value is at most , and the whole tree has logarithmic depth (its maximum root-to-leaf distance) with high probability. More formally, there exists a constant such that the depth is with probability tending to one as the number of nodes tends to infinity. The same good behavior carries over to treaps. It is also possible, as suggested by Aragon and Seidel, to reprioritize frequently-accessed nodes, causing them to move towards the root of the treap and speeding up future accesses for the same keys. In sorting describe a sorting algorithm based on Cartesian trees. They describe the algorithm as based on a tree with the maximum at the root, but it can be modified straightforwardly to support a Cartesian tree with the convention that the minimum value is at the root. For consistency, it is this modified version of the algorithm that is described below. The Levcopoulos–Petersson algorithm can be viewed as a version of selection sort or heap sort that maintains a priority queue of candidate minima, and that at each step finds and removes the minimum value in this queue, moving this value to the end of an output sequence. In their algorithm, the priority queue consists only of elements whose parent in the Cartesian tree has already been found and removed. Thus, the algorithm consists of the following steps: Construct a Cartesian tree for the input sequence Initialize a priority queue, initially containing only the tree root While the priority queue is non-empty: Find and remove the minimum value in the priority queue Add this value to the output sequence Add the Cartesian tree children of the removed value to the priority queue As Levcopoulos and Petersson show, for input sequences that are already nearly sorted, the size of the priority queue will remain small, allowing this method to take advantage of the nearly-sorted input and run more quickly. Specifically, the worst-case running time of this algorithm is , where is the sequence length and is the average, over all values in the sequence, of the number of consecutive pairs of sequence values that bracket the given value (meaning that the given value is between the two sequence values). They also prove a lower bound stating that, for any and (non-constant) , any comparison-based sorting algorithm must use comparisons for some inputs. In pattern matching The problem of Cartesian tree matching has been defined as a generalized form of string matching in which one seeks a substring (or in some cases, a subsequence) of a given string that has a Cartesian tree of the same form as a given pattern. Fast algorithms for variations of the problem with a single pattern or multiple patterns have been developed, as well as data structures analogous to the suffix tree and other text indexing structures. Notes References Binary trees Sorting algorithms
A tally counter is a mechanical, electronic, or software device used to incrementally count something, typically fleeting. One of the most common things tally counters are used for is counting people, animals, or things that are coming and going from some location. Description A tally counter is usually cased in metal and is cylindrical in shape. Part of the circle is flattened out and contains a window of plastic or glass. Inside the counter are a number of rings with the numbers from 0 to 9 in descending order going clockwise. Most counters have four such rings, allowing the user to count up to 9999. A metal ring may be attached to aid in holding the counter, and usually half the ring is bent to allow it to fold flush with the counter when not in use. The counter is activated by pressing a button located above the screen. This causes the first ring to advance one number. After the count has reached 0009, then the second ring will advance one click and the first ring will come back to zero displaying 0010. To reset the counter, a knob is located on the side. This knob turns all the rings which are displaying the same number (usually zero). When the number displayed reaches the number on the remaining rings, then they will turn too, until the display is reset back to 0000. (Analog odometers in vehicles operate in a similar fashion.) Electronic tally counters are available, which use an LCD screen to display the count, and a button to advance the count. Some also have a button to decrement the count, for example if a mistake is made, or if counting a majority. Uses The main application of tally counters is as people counters. At concerts, stadiums, etc., a person will stand by the door with a tally counter recording the number of people that enter. At amusement parks, the rides can only hold a certain number of people, so the operator may use a tally counter to keep track of the number of people who get on the ride. They are also used for traffic analysis, scientific research, counting inventory and on industrial lines as well. Tally counters have also been used in religions, often replacing traditional prayer beads. Shri Vidya initiates often use them to keep track of the number of repetitions of the Mula Mantra into which they are initiated. Sikhs may use them to keep track of the number of times they chant the Mul Mantar. Buddhists sometimes use them to count mantras, Buddha-recitations, etc. Gaudiya Vaishnava Hindus may use tally counters to keep track of the number of times that they chant the Hare Krishna Mahamantra. Initiated devotees are required to chant at least 16 rounds each day, each round consisting of 108 repetitions. In modern Muslim practice, prayers are sometimes kept track of using electronic tally counters as well. A dial counter is a distinct type of tally counter, typically used in board games for keeping count of various status and conditions, such as scores, life points, current phase or turn order. They are commonly made from two circular cardboard pieces attached at the center so that it can act as a Rotary dial. Row Counters are another form of tally counter specialized for knitting when counting the number of rows or stitches needed for special patterns. See also Mechanical counter Row counter (hand knitting) Counting instruments Mechanical calculators References
The mobileGT name refers to both a computing platform and an alliance of vendors in the navigation, infotainment and telematics industries. It focuses on automotive, industrial and consumer electronics based on PowerPC and Power ISA processors. The mobileGT Alliance was initiated by Motorola in 2000 and consists today of an array of members from different disciplines like RTOS, middleware, software, graphics, audio, wireless, navigation and development tools. mobileGT solutions can be found in in-car entertainment and informatics systems from many car manufacturers such as BMW, Ford, General Motors, Hyundai and Mercedes-Benz, but can also be found in computing platforms like the EFIKA. See also PowerPC 5000 PowerQUICC References External links Freescale's mobileGT page Computing platforms
The Maurice Farman MF.11 Shorthorn is a French aircraft developed before World War I by the Farman Aviation Works. It was used as a reconnaissance and light bomber during the early part of World War I, later being relegated to training duties. The Maurice Farman Shorthorn was the aircraft in which Biggles, Capt W.E. Johns' fictional character, first took to the air in "Biggles Learns To Fly". Design and development A pusher configuration unequal-span biplane like the earlier Farman MF.7, the MF.11 differed in lacking the forward-mounted elevator, the replacement of the biplane horizontal tail surfaces with a single surface with a pair of rudders mounted above it, and the mounting of the nacelle containing crew and engine in the gap between the two wings. The aircraft was also fitted with a machine gun for the observer, whose position was changed from the rear seat to the front in order to give a clear field of fire. Its nickname in British service was derived from that of the MF.7 Longhorn, as it lacked the characteristic front-mounted elevator and elongated skids of its predecessor. Operational history On 6 September 1914 the first air-sea battle took place when a Japanese Farman MF.11 aircraft launched by the seaplane carrier unsuccessfully attacked SMS Kaiserin Elisabeth with bombs. The MF.11 served in both the British and French air services on the Western Front in the early stages of the war. It flew the first bombing raid of the war when on 21 December 1914 an MF.11 of the Royal Naval Air Service attacked German artillery positions around Ostend, Belgium. The MF.11 was withdrawn from front-line service on the Western Front in 1915, but continued to be used by the French in Macedonia and the Middle East, while the British also used it in the Dardanelles, and Africa. The Australian Flying Corps (AFC), provided with the MF.11 by the British Indian Army, operated it during the Mesopotamian campaign of 1915–16. Italy's Società Italiana Aviazione, a Fiat company, licence-built a number of MF.11s under the designation SIA 5 from early 1915, fitted with a fixed forward machine gun and a 74.5 kW (100 hp) Fiat A.10 engine. In 1916, the AFC also bought some MF.11s for training purposes. Operators Australian Flying Corps No. 5 (Training) Squadron AFC in United Kingdom Mesopotamian Half Flight Central Flying School AFC at Point Cook, Victoria Belgian Air Force French Air Force Corpo Aeronautico Militare Hellenic Air Force Hejaz Air Force - Two Farman MF.11s were obtained from Italy in 1921. Imperial Japanese Army Air Service Royal Norwegian Air Force Portuguese Air Force Romanian Air Corps Imperial Russian Air Force Royal Saudi Air Force Serbian Air Force Spanish Air Force Swiss Air Force Ukrainian Air Force - One aircraft only. Royal Flying Corps No. 2 Squadron RFC No. 3 Squadron RFC No. 4 Squadron RFC No. 9 Squadron RFC No. 14 Squadron RFC No. 16 Squadron RFC No. 19 Squadron RFC No. 23 Squadron RFC No. 24 Squadron RFC No. 25 Squadron RFC No. 29 Squadron RFC No. 30 Squadron RFC No. 65 Squadron RFC Royal Naval Air Service Survivors The Canada Aviation Museum has an MF.11 manufactured by Airco for the Royal Flying Corps and sent to Australia in 1916. Farman F.11A-2, Royal Army and Military History Museum, Brussels, Belgium. Farman MF.11 Shorthorn (#CFS-15), RAAF Museum at Point Cook, Victoria, Australia. Specifications (Farman MF.11) See also References Bibliography External links Luftfahrtmuseum Canadian Aviation Museum 1910s French military reconnaissance aircraft 1910s French bomber aircraft Single-engined pusher aircraft Biplanes MF.11 1910s French military trainer aircraft Aircraft first flown in 1913
TechnologyOne Limited is an Australian enterprise software company founded in 1987. The company is headquartered in Fortitude Valley in Brisbane, Australia, with other offices in United Kingdom (UK), New Zealand, South Pacific and Asia. It is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange with the symbol TNE and is a constituent of the ASX 200 index. History TechnologyOne was founded by Adrian Di Marco in 1987, when he saw an opportunity to build a new generation of accounting software for businesses and government departments, using relational database technology. DiMarco approached investors John and Dugald Mactaggart of J.L. Mactaggart Industries, a former customer, for financial backing. TechnologyOne set up its first R&D centre in a demountable office in the car park at Mactaggart’s hide processing plant in Hemmant, Brisbane, in 1987. In the early 1990s, TechnologyOne built the Automated Titling System (ATS) for the Queensland Department of Natural Resource and Mines. In 1992, TechnologyOne developed a student administration system called College Administration System (CAP) for TAFE Queensland, which led to the development of StudentOne (now TechnologyOne Student Management), used by Australian universities. The company also expanded in New Zealand. TechnologyOne was listed on the Australian Securities Exchange in 1999. In October 2000, the company raised $18 million from investors including Hyperion Asset Management, Selector Funds Management, Pendal Group, Spheria Asset Management, Colonial First State, River Capital and Pengana. In 2005, TechnologyOne shifted focus from functionality-centric software to people-centric software. In 2006, it expanded in UK with its first office in Maidenhead. In November 2010, TechnologyOne announced it would make its software available on the cloud. The company invested heavily in research and development to transition its software functionalities into the cloud, spending $150 million to develop its software-as-a-service cloud products. It also released Ci Anywhere, a version of its Connected Intelligence product hosted in the cloud and available from any desktop or mobile device. In 2014, TechnologyOne entered the S&P/ASX 200 Index and recorded $1 billion market capitalization. In May 2017 Di Marco stepped down as CEO and COO, Edward Chung, took over as CEO. At the company’s full year results on 21 November 2017, the company’s cloud business turned a profit for the first time, posting a $2.5 million profit for the year to September, and signing 112 new cloud customers. In 2019, the company announced that it had reached $300 million of annual revenues. It also added Cliff Rosenberg, formerly managing director of LinkedIn, to its board of directors. By December 2019, half of TechnologyOne's business was in the cloud; From 1999 to 2019, TechnologyOne doubled in size every five years. In 2020, the company announced that half of its customers had transitioned from on-premise to SaaS and that 86% of its revenue is now subscription revenue. As of May 2020, the company had posted 11 years of record annual profit. In September 2021, the company made their first international acquisition by acquiring UK-based higher education software company Scientia for £12 million. Software as a service Since 2012, the company has transitioned the business from being an on-premises software provider to a software as a service business. This has enabled clients to integrate with third party providers such as MuleSoft and Salesforce. The first iteration of TechnologyOne’s cloud software was launched in 2014, which enabled users to access the platform via the cloud. This allows the company to offer a fully configurable service from its own servers. TechnologyOne products are used by more than 1,200 organisations in Australia and New Zealand. The company also has customers in the United Kingdom. By 2018, more than 30 per cent of TechnologyOne customers had transitioned to the company’s SaaS platform. Research and Development In 2010, TechnologyOne moved into its new $12 million headquarters in Brisbane, which included what was at the time the largest Australian-owned research and development facility. The company has additional international R&D facilities. As of June 2019, the company had invested more than $500 million into research and development since its inception. As of 2021, research largely focuses on developing additional functionalities for TechnologyOne's software-as-a-service enterprise resource planning software. It is also creating applications for artificial intelligence and developing a digital experience platform, intended to integrate front and back office applications. List of mergers and acquisitions TechnologyOne was founded in 1987. References External links Companies based in Brisbane Software companies of Australia Australian companies established in 1987 Companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange Australian brands
In computing, code generation denotes software techniques or systems that generate program code which may then be used independently of the generator system in a runtime environment. Specific articles: Code generation (compiler), a mechanism to produce the executable form of computer programs, such as machine code, in some automatic manner Automatic programming (source code generation), the act of generating source code based on an ontological model such as a template Generating code at run time in self-modifying code and just-in-time compilation Model-driven development uses graphical models and metamodels as basis for generating programs Program synthesis consists of synthesizing programs from a high-level, typically declarative specification Random test generators are used in functional verification of microprocessors Comparison of code generation tools shows the diversity of tools and approaches for code generation
Poker calculators are algorithms which through probabilistic or statistical means derive a player's chance of winning, losing, or tying a poker hand. Given the complexities of poker and the constantly changing rules, most poker calculators are statistical machines, probabilities and card counting is rarely used. Poker calculators come in three types: poker advantage calculators, poker odds calculators and poker relative calculators. Odds calculators A poker odds calculator calculates a player's winning ratio. Winning ratio is defined as, the number of games won divided by the total number of games simulated in a Monte Carlo simulation for a specific player. Advantage calculators A poker advantage calculator calculates a player's winning ratio and normalizes the winning ratio relative to the number of players. An advantage calculator, provides a normalized value between -100% and +100% describing a player's winning change in a locked domain. That is, if a player's result is -100%, regardless of the number of players in the game, the player will certainly lose the game. If a player's advantage is +100%, regardless of the number of players, the player will certainly win the game. Both odds and advantage calculators can provide results provided a specific game scenario. Game scenario variables include: the number of players, the game type being played, and the hand or cards available for the player in question. Alternatively, there also exist poker relative calculators which display a player's winning chance relative to another player's chance. Relative calculators Poker relative calculators tend to be displayed on poker tournaments and shows for an audience because they provide an accurate assessment of a player's winning chance. However, professional in game poker players do not use or think in terms of poker relative calculations because two or more poker hands at the same table are required. See also Poker tools List of poker related topics Game complexity References Poker tools
SWTX (Server / Workstation Technology eXtended) is a proprietary computer case and motherboard form factor used by Supermicro primarily for 4-socket servers. Longer but narrower than WTX, SWTX motherboards are not compatible with (E)ATX cases because of their size and mounting scheme. Likewise, ATX motherboards are not compatible with SWTX cases. Dimensions: from to . Most SWTX boards seem to be in the middle of this range, around . Motherboard form factors
Ozzie or Ozzy is a masculine given name, sometimes a short form (hypocorism) of Oswald, Oscar, Osborne, Osman and Ozymandias and other names, surname and nickname which may refer to: Animals Ozzie (gorilla) (born c. 1961) People Chris Osgood (born 1972), National Hockey League goaltender for the Detroit Red Wings Ray Ozzie (born 1955), former Chief Software Architect at Microsoft Ozzie Albies (born 1997), Major League Baseball player Ozzie Cadena (1924–2008), American record producer Ozzie Canseco (born 1964), Cuban-born former baseball player, brother of José Canseco Osborne Colson (1916–2006), Canadian figure skater and coach Osborne Cowles (1899-1997), American college basketball and football player and coach Ozzie Guillén (born 1964), Venezuelan former Major League Baseball player and manager Ozzy Lusth (born 1981), Survivor reality TV show contestant Ozzie Myers (born 1943), American politician convicted for his part in the Abscam scandal Ozzie Nelson (1901-1975), American band leader, actor, director, and producer, best known for playing the father in the sitcom The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet. Ozzie Newsome, American former National Football League player and current general manager of the Baltimore Ravens, member of the Hall of Fame Ozzie Osborn (born 1946), American former Major League Baseball pitcher in 1975 Ozzy Osbourne (born 1948), English lead singer for heavy metal band Black Sabbath, songwriter and star of the reality TV show The Osbournes' Ozzie Silna (1932-2016), American businessman and basketball franchise co-owner Ozzie Simmons (1914-2001), African-American college football player Ozzie Smith (born 1954), American retired Major League Baseball player and member of the Hall of Fame Ozzie Sweet (1918-2013), American sports photographer born Oscar Cowan Corbo Ozzie Timmons (born 1970), American former Major League Baseball player Ozzie Virgil, Sr. (born 1932), former Major League Baseball utility player from the Dominican Republic Ozzie Virgil, Jr. (born 1956), former Major League Baseball All-Star catcher from Puerto Rico Fictional characters Ozzie Altobello, main villain in the film The Godfather Part III, played by Eli Wallach Ozzie Mandrill, villain in computer adventure game Escape from Monkey Island Ozzie, Slash, and Flea, villains who serve Magus in the role-playing game Chrono Trigger Ozzie Fernandez Isaacs, creator of the wormholes technology and the gaïa field in the Commonwealth universe of Peter F Hamilton "My Ozzie," bachelor owner of Earl, the Jack Russell terrier in Mutts'', the comic strip Ozzie Graham, reporter who joins the StarCrossed group in the TV series People of Earth. Ozzy Delvecchio, character played by John Leguizamo in Bloodline (TV series). Ozzie Paxton, a computer-engineering prodigy, played by Vincent Kartheiser in Masterminds (1997 film). See also Aussie, a slang term for Australian, both the adjective and the noun, and less commonly, Australia Ossi (disambiguation) Ossie, a given name References Masculine given names Hypocorisms
The Gershom Craft House (c. 1806–1808), also known as Pomona Farm, is a historical house in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, across the Delaware River about 2 miles from Trenton, New Jersey. Design The house is as excellent an example of Federal style architecture as is found in Bucks County, combining the vernacular with Federalist ideals of proportion and decoration. The four main rooms of the house are each approximately square by nine feet high. Ninety percent of the woodwork and hardware in the house are original. History Its original owner and builder, Trenton businessman Gershom Craft, built the house and surrounding farm as a summer home. Craft planted over 100 different species of fruits on the farm and named it after the Roman goddess of fruit trees, Pomona. Craft was influential in business and politics at the local level, owning a Federalist newspaper and being involved in the Trenton Water Works and Trenton Banking Company. The farm was subdivided in 1911 and annexed to the Borough of Morrisville, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. It is one of only two houses in Morrisville on the National Register, the other being Summerseat, host to General George Washington during the days leading up to the Battle of Trenton. The Gershom Craft House now sits on a heavily landscaped lot. Also included on the property are a smokehouse, carriage house, and wood frame shop. The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places of the United States in 1986. References Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania Houses in Bucks County, Pennsylvania National Register of Historic Places in Bucks County, Pennsylvania 1806 establishments in Pennsylvania
A jet nut, also known as a k-nut, is a special type of hex locknut that is commonly used in the aerospace and automotive racing industries. It has a flange on one end of the nut, the hex is smaller than a standard sized hex nut, and it is shorter than a standard hex nut. It achieves its locking action by using an elliptical offset on the un-flanged end of the nut. References Notes Bibliography . Nuts (hardware)
The 2006 Men's European Volleyball League was the third edition of the European Volleyball League, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the CEV. The final Four was held in Izmir, Turkey from 19 to 20 August 2006. Competing nations Squads League round Final four Semi-finals 3rd place match Final Final standing Awards Most valuable player Guido Görtzen Best scorer Marko Klok Best spiker Michael Olieman Best blocker Sotirios Pantaleon Best server Tomislav Coskovic Best libero Nuri Şahin References Official website European Volleyball League E Volleyball League Sports competitions in İzmir 2000s in İzmir
Alan Mathison Turing (; 23 June 1912 – 7 June 1954) was an English mathematician, computer scientist, logician, cryptanalyst, philosopher and theoretical biologist. Turing was highly influential in the development of theoretical computer science, providing a formalisation of the concepts of algorithm and computation with the Turing machine, which can be considered a model of a general-purpose computer. He is widely considered to be the father of theoretical computer science and artificial intelligence. Born in Maida Vale, London, Turing was raised in southern England. He graduated at King's College, Cambridge, with a degree in mathematics. Whilst he was a fellow at Cambridge, he published a proof demonstrating that some purely mathematical yes–no questions can never be answered by computation. He defined a Turing machine and proved that the halting problem for Turing machines is undecidable. In 1938, he obtained his PhD from the Department of Mathematics at Princeton University. During the Second World War, Turing worked for the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, Britain's codebreaking centre that produced Ultra intelligence. For a time he led Hut 8, the section that was responsible for German naval cryptanalysis. Here, he devised a number of techniques for speeding the breaking of German ciphers, including improvements to the pre-war Polish bomba method, an electromechanical machine that could find settings for the Enigma machine. Turing played a crucial role in cracking intercepted coded messages that enabled the Allies to defeat the Axis powers in many crucial engagements, including the Battle of the Atlantic. After the war, Turing worked at the National Physical Laboratory, where he designed the Automatic Computing Engine, one of the first designs for a stored-program computer. In 1948, Turing joined Max Newman's Computing Machine Laboratory at the Victoria University of Manchester, where he helped develop the Manchester computers and became interested in mathematical biology. He wrote a paper on the chemical basis of morphogenesis and predicted oscillating chemical reactions such as the Belousov–Zhabotinsky reaction, first observed in the 1960s. Despite these accomplishments, Turing was never fully recognised in Britain during his lifetime because much of his work was covered by the Official Secrets Act. Turing was prosecuted in 1952 for homosexual acts. He accepted hormone treatment with DES, a procedure commonly referred to as chemical castration, as an alternative to prison. Turing died on 7 June 1954, 16 days before his 42nd birthday, from cyanide poisoning. An inquest determined his death as a suicide, but it has been noted that the known evidence is also consistent with accidental poisoning. Following a public campaign in 2009, British prime minister Gordon Brown made an official public apology on behalf of the government for "the appalling way [Turing] was treated". Queen Elizabeth II granted a posthumous pardon in 2013. The term "Alan Turing law" is now used informally to refer to a 2017 law in the United Kingdom that retroactively pardoned men cautioned or convicted under historical legislation that outlawed homosexual acts. Turing has an extensive legacy with statues of him and many things named after him, including an annual award for computer science innovations. He appears on the current Bank of England £50 note, which was released on 23 June 2021 to coincide with his birthday. A 2019 BBC series, as voted by the audience, named him the greatest person of the 20th century. Early life and education Family Turing was born in Maida Vale, London, while his father, Julius Mathison Turing was on leave from his position with the Indian Civil Service (ICS) of the British Raj government at Chatrapur, then in the Madras Presidency and presently in Odisha state, in India. Turing's father was the son of a clergyman, the Rev. John Robert Turing, from a Scottish family of merchants that had been based in the Netherlands and included a baronet. Turing's mother, Julius's wife, was Ethel Sara Turing (), daughter of Edward Waller Stoney, chief engineer of the Madras Railways. The Stoneys were a Protestant Anglo-Irish gentry family from both County Tipperary and County Longford, while Ethel herself had spent much of her childhood in County Clare. Julius and Ethel married on 1 October 1907 at Bartholomew's church on Clyde Road, in Dublin. Julius's work with the ICS brought the family to British India, where his grandfather had been a general in the Bengal Army. However, both Julius and Ethel wanted their children to be brought up in Britain, so they moved to Maida Vale, London, where Alan Turing was born on 23 June 1912, as recorded by a blue plaque on the outside of the house of his birth, later the Colonnade Hotel. Turing had an elder brother, John Ferrier Turing, father of Sir John Dermot Turing, 12th Baronet of the Turing baronets. Turing's father's civil service commission was still active during Turing's childhood years, and his parents travelled between Hastings in the United Kingdom and India, leaving their two sons to stay with a retired Army couple. At Hastings, Turing stayed at Baston Lodge, Upper Maze Hill, St Leonards-on-Sea, now marked with a blue plaque. The plaque was unveiled on 23 June 2012, the centenary of Turing's birth. Very early in life, Turing showed signs of the genius that he was later to display prominently. His parents purchased a house in Guildford in 1927, and Turing lived there during school holidays. The location is also marked with a blue plaque. School Turing's parents enrolled him at St Michael's, a primary school at 20 Charles Road, St Leonards-on-Sea, from the age of six to nine. The headmistress recognised his talent, noting that she has "...had clever boys and hardworking boys, but Alan is a genius". Between January 1922 and 1926, Turing was educated at Hazelhurst Preparatory School, an independent school in the village of Frant in Sussex (now East Sussex). In 1926, at the age of 13, he went on to Sherborne School, an independent boarding school in the market town of Sherborne in Dorset, where he boarded at Westcott House. The first day of term coincided with the 1926 General Strike, in Britain, but Turing was so determined to attend that he rode his bicycle unaccompanied from Southampton to Sherborne, stopping overnight at an inn. Turing's natural inclination towards mathematics and science did not earn him respect from some of the teachers at Sherborne, whose definition of education placed more emphasis on the classics. His headmaster wrote to his parents: "I hope he will not fall between two stools. If he is to stay at public school, he must aim at becoming educated. If he is to be solely a Scientific Specialist, he is wasting his time at a public school". Despite this, Turing continued to show remarkable ability in the studies he loved, solving advanced problems in 1927 without having studied even elementary calculus. In 1928, aged 16, Turing encountered Albert Einstein's work; not only did he grasp it, but it is possible that he managed to deduce Einstein's questioning of Newton's laws of motion from a text in which this was never made explicit. Christopher Morcom At Sherborne, Turing formed a significant friendship with fellow pupil Christopher Collan Morcom (13 July 1911 – 13 February 1930), who has been described as Turing's first love. Their relationship provided inspiration in Turing's future endeavours, but it was cut short by Morcom's death, in February 1930, from complications of bovine tuberculosis, contracted after drinking infected cow's milk some years previously. The event caused Turing great sorrow. He coped with his grief by working that much harder on the topics of science and mathematics that he had shared with Morcom. In a letter to Morcom's mother, Frances Isobel Morcom (née Swan), Turing wrote: Turing's relationship with Morcom's mother continued long after Morcom's death, with her sending gifts to Turing, and him sending letters, typically on Morcom's birthday. A day before the third anniversary of Morcom's death (13 February 1933), he wrote to Mrs. Morcom: Some have speculated that Morcom's death was the cause of Turing's atheism and materialism. Apparently, at this point in his life he still believed in such concepts as a spirit, independent of the body and surviving death. In a later letter, also written to Morcom's mother, Turing wrote: University and work on computability After graduating from Sherborne, Turing studied the undergraduate course in Schedule B (that is, a three-year Parts I and II, of the Mathematical Tripos, with extra courses at the end of the third year, as Part III only emerged as a separate degree in 1934) from February 1931 to November 1934 at King's College, Cambridge, where he was awarded first-class honours in mathematics. His dissertation, On the Gaussian error function, written during his senior year and delivered in November 1934 (with a deadline date of 6 December) proved a version of the central limit theorem. It was finally accepted on 16 March 1935. By spring of that same year, Turing started his master's course (Part III)—which he completed in 1937—and, at the same time, he published his first paper, a one-page article called Equivalence of left and right almost periodicity (sent on 23 April), featured in the tenth volume of the Journal of the London Mathematical Society. Later that year, Turing was elected a Fellow of King's College on the strength of his dissertation. However, and, unknown to Turing, this version of the theorem he proved in his paper, had already been proven, in 1922, by Jarl Waldemar Lindeberg. Despite this, the committee found Turing's methods original and so regarded the work worthy of consideration for the fellowship. Abram Besicovitch's report for the committee went so far as to say that if Turing's work had been published before Lindeberg's, it would have been "an important event in the mathematical literature of that year". Between the springs of 1935 and 1936, at the same time as Church, Turing worked on the decidability of problems, starting from Godel's incompleteness theorems. In mid-April 1936, Turing sent Max Newman the first draft typescript of his investigations. That same month, Alonzo Church published his An Unsolvable Problem of Elementary Number Theory, with similar conclusions to Turing's then-yet unpublished work. Finally, on 28 May of that year, he finished and delivered his 36-page paper for publication called "On Computable Numbers, with an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem". It was published in the Proceedings of the London Mathematical Society journal in two parts, the first on 30 November and the second on 23 December. In this paper, Turing reformulated Kurt Gödel's 1931 results on the limits of proof and computation, replacing Gödel's universal arithmetic-based formal language with the formal and simple hypothetical devices that became known as Turing machines. The Entscheidungsproblem (decision problem) was originally posed by German mathematician David Hilbert in 1928. Turing proved that his "universal computing machine" would be capable of performing any conceivable mathematical computation if it were representable as an algorithm. He went on to prove that there was no solution to the decision problem by first showing that the halting problem for Turing machines is undecidable: it is not possible to decide algorithmically whether a Turing machine will ever halt. This paper has been called "easily the most influential math paper in history". Although Turing's proof was published shortly after Alonzo Church's equivalent proof using his lambda calculus, Turing's approach is considerably more accessible and intuitive than Church's. It also included a notion of a 'Universal Machine' (now known as a universal Turing machine), with the idea that such a machine could perform the tasks of any other computation machine (as indeed could Church's lambda calculus). According to the Church–Turing thesis, Turing machines and the lambda calculus are capable of computing anything that is computable. John von Neumann acknowledged that the central concept of the modern computer was due to Turing's paper. To this day, Turing machines are a central object of study in theory of computation. From September 1936 to July 1938, Turing spent most of his time studying under Church at Princeton University, in the second year as a Jane Eliza Procter Visiting Fellow. In addition to his purely mathematical work, he studied cryptology and also built three of four stages of an electro-mechanical binary multiplier. In June 1938, he obtained his PhD from the Department of Mathematics at Princeton; his dissertation, Systems of Logic Based on Ordinals, introduced the concept of ordinal logic and the notion of relative computing, in which Turing machines are augmented with so-called oracles, allowing the study of problems that cannot be solved by Turing machines. John von Neumann wanted to hire him as his postdoctoral assistant, but he went back to the United Kingdom. Career and research When Turing returned to Cambridge, he attended lectures given in 1939 by Ludwig Wittgenstein about the foundations of mathematics. The lectures have been reconstructed verbatim, including interjections from Turing and other students, from students' notes. Turing and Wittgenstein argued and disagreed, with Turing defending formalism and Wittgenstein propounding his view that mathematics does not discover any absolute truths, but rather invents them. Cryptanalysis During the Second World War, Turing was a leading participant in the breaking of German ciphers at Bletchley Park. The historian and wartime codebreaker Asa Briggs has said, "You needed exceptional talent, you needed genius at Bletchley and Turing's was that genius." From September 1938, Turing worked part-time with the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS), the British codebreaking organisation. He concentrated on cryptanalysis of the Enigma cipher machine used by Nazi Germany, together with Dilly Knox, a senior GC&CS codebreaker. Soon after the July 1939 meeting near Warsaw at which the Polish Cipher Bureau gave the British and French details of the wiring of Enigma machine's rotors and their method of decrypting Enigma machine's messages, Turing and Knox developed a broader solution. The Polish method relied on an insecure indicator procedure that the Germans were likely to change, which they in fact did in May 1940. Turing's approach was more general, using crib-based decryption for which he produced the functional specification of the bombe (an improvement on the Polish Bomba). On 4 September 1939, the day after the UK declared war on Germany, Turing reported to Bletchley Park, the wartime station of GC&CS. Like all others who came to Bletchley, he was required to sign the Official Secrets Act, in which he agreed not to disclose anything about his work at Bletchley, with severe legal penalties for violating the Act. Specifying the bombe was the first of five major cryptanalytical advances that Turing made during the war. The others were: deducing the indicator procedure used by the German navy; developing a statistical procedure dubbed Banburismus for making much more efficient use of the bombes; developing a procedure dubbed Turingery for working out the cam settings of the wheels of the Lorenz SZ 40/42 (Tunny) cipher machine and, towards the end of the war, the development of a portable secure voice scrambler at Hanslope Park that was codenamed Delilah. By using statistical techniques to optimise the trial of different possibilities in the code breaking process, Turing made an innovative contribution to the subject. He wrote two papers discussing mathematical approaches, titled The Applications of Probability to Cryptography and Paper on Statistics of Repetitions, which were of such value to GC&CS and its successor GCHQ that they were not released to the UK National Archives until April 2012, shortly before the centenary of his birth. A GCHQ mathematician, "who identified himself only as Richard," said at the time that the fact that the contents had been restricted under the Official Secrets Act for some 70 years demonstrated their importance, and their relevance to post-war cryptanalysis: Turing had a reputation for eccentricity at Bletchley Park. He was known to his colleagues as "Prof" and his treatise on Enigma was known as the "Prof's Book". According to historian Ronald Lewin, Jack Good, a cryptanalyst who worked with Turing, said of his colleague: Peter Hilton recounted his experience working with Turing in Hut 8 in his "Reminiscences of Bletchley Park" from A Century of Mathematics in America: Hilton echoed similar thoughts in the Nova PBS documentary Decoding Nazi Secrets. While working at Bletchley, Turing, who was a talented long-distance runner, occasionally ran the to London when he was needed for meetings, and he was capable of world-class marathon standards. Turing tried out for the 1948 British Olympic team, but he was hampered by an injury. His tryout time for the marathon was only 11 minutes slower than British silver medallist Thomas Richards' Olympic race time of 2 hours 35 minutes. He was Walton Athletic Club's best runner, a fact discovered when he passed the group while running alone. When asked why he ran so hard in training he replied: Due to the problems of counterfactual history, it is hard to estimate the precise effect Ultra intelligence had on the war. However, official war historian Harry Hinsley estimated that this work shortened the war in Europe by more than two years and saved over 14 million lives. At the end of the war, a memo was sent to all those who had worked at Bletchley Park, reminding them that the code of silence dictated by the Official Secrets Act did not end with the war but would continue indefinitely. Thus, even though Turing was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1946 by King George VI for his wartime services, his work remained secret for many years. Bombe Within weeks of arriving at Bletchley Park, Turing had specified an electromechanical machine called the bombe, which could break Enigma more effectively than the Polish bomba kryptologiczna, from which its name was derived. The bombe, with an enhancement suggested by mathematician Gordon Welchman, became one of the primary tools, and the major automated one, used to attack Enigma-enciphered messages. The bombe searched for possible correct settings used for an Enigma message (i.e., rotor order, rotor settings and plugboard settings) using a suitable crib: a fragment of probable plaintext. For each possible setting of the rotors (which had on the order of 1019 states, or 1022 states for the four-rotor U-boat variant), the bombe performed a chain of logical deductions based on the crib, implemented electromechanically. The bombe detected when a contradiction had occurred and ruled out that setting, moving on to the next. Most of the possible settings would cause contradictions and be discarded, leaving only a few to be investigated in detail. A contradiction would occur when an enciphered letter would be turned back into the same plaintext letter, which was impossible with the Enigma. The first bombe was installed on 18 March 1940. Action This Day By late 1941, Turing and his fellow cryptanalysts Gordon Welchman, Hugh Alexander and Stuart Milner-Barry were frustrated. Building on the work of the Poles, they had set up a good working system for decrypting Enigma signals, but their limited staff and bombes meant they could not translate all the signals. In the summer, they had considerable success, and shipping losses had fallen to under 100,000 tons a month; however, they badly needed more resources to keep abreast of German adjustments. They had tried to get more people and fund more bombes through the proper channels, but had failed. On 28 October they wrote directly to Winston Churchill explaining their difficulties, with Turing as the first named. They emphasised how small their need was compared with the vast expenditure of men and money by the forces and compared with the level of assistance they could offer to the forces. As Andrew Hodges, biographer of Turing, later wrote, "This letter had an electric effect." Churchill wrote a memo to General Ismay, which read: "ACTION THIS DAY. Make sure they have all they want on extreme priority and report to me that this has been done." On 18 November, the chief of the secret service reported that every possible measure was being taken. The cryptographers at Bletchley Park did not know of the Prime Minister's response, but as Milner-Barry recalled, "All that we did notice was that almost from that day the rough ways began miraculously to be made smooth." More than two hundred bombes were in operation by the end of the war. Hut 8 and the naval Enigma Turing decided to tackle the particularly difficult problem of German naval Enigma "because no one else was doing anything about it and I could have it to myself". In December 1939, Turing solved the essential part of the naval indicator system, which was more complex than the indicator systems used by the other services. That same night, he also conceived of the idea of Banburismus, a sequential statistical technique (what Abraham Wald later called sequential analysis) to assist in breaking the naval Enigma, "though I was not sure that it would work in practice, and was not, in fact, sure until some days had actually broken". For this, he invented a measure of weight of evidence that he called the ban. Banburismus could rule out certain sequences of the Enigma rotors, substantially reducing the time needed to test settings on the bombes. Later this sequential process of accumulating sufficient weight of evidence using decibans (one tenth of a ban) was used in Cryptanalysis of the Lorenz cipher. Turing travelled to the United States in November 1942 and worked with US Navy cryptanalysts on the naval Enigma and bombe construction in Washington. He also visited their Computing Machine Laboratory in Dayton, Ohio. Turing's reaction to the American bombe design was far from enthusiastic: During this trip, he also assisted at Bell Labs with the development of secure speech devices. He returned to Bletchley Park in March 1943. During his absence, Hugh Alexander had officially assumed the position of head of Hut 8, although Alexander had been de facto head for some time (Turing having little interest in the day-to-day running of the section). Turing became a general consultant for cryptanalysis at Bletchley Park. Alexander wrote of Turing's contribution: Turingery In July 1942, Turing devised a technique termed Turingery (or jokingly Turingismus) for use against the Lorenz cipher messages produced by the Germans' new Geheimschreiber (secret writer) machine. This was a teleprinter rotor cipher attachment codenamed Tunny at Bletchley Park. Turingery was a method of wheel-breaking, i.e., a procedure for working out the cam settings of Tunny's wheels. He also introduced the Tunny team to Tommy Flowers who, under the guidance of Max Newman, went on to build the Colossus computer, the world's first programmable digital electronic computer, which replaced a simpler prior machine (the Heath Robinson), and whose superior speed allowed the statistical decryption techniques to be applied usefully to the messages. Some have mistakenly said that Turing was a key figure in the design of the Colossus computer. Turingery and the statistical approach of Banburismus undoubtedly fed into the thinking about cryptanalysis of the Lorenz cipher, but he was not directly involved in the Colossus development. Delilah Following his work at Bell Labs in the US, Turing pursued the idea of electronic enciphering of speech in the telephone system. In the latter part of the war, he moved to work for the Secret Service's Radio Security Service (later HMGCC) at Hanslope Park. At the park, he further developed his knowledge of electronics with the assistance of REME officer Donald Bayley. Together they undertook the design and construction of a portable secure voice communications machine codenamed Delilah. The machine was intended for different applications, but it lacked the capability for use with long-distance radio transmissions. In any case, Delilah was completed too late to be used during the war. Though the system worked fully, with Turing demonstrating it to officials by encrypting and decrypting a recording of a Winston Churchill speech, Delilah was not adopted for use. Turing also consulted with Bell Labs on the development of SIGSALY, a secure voice system that was used in the later years of the war. Early computers and the Turing test Between 1945 and 1947, Turing lived in Hampton, London, while he worked on the design of the ACE (Automatic Computing Engine) at the National Physical Laboratory (NPL). He presented a paper on 19 February 1946, which was the first detailed design of a stored-program computer. Von Neumann's incomplete First Draft of a Report on the EDVAC had predated Turing's paper, but it was much less detailed and, according to John R. Womersley, Superintendent of the NPL Mathematics Division, it "contains a number of ideas which are Dr. Turing's own". Although ACE was a feasible design, the effect of the Official Secrets Act surrounding the wartime work at Bletchley Park made it impossible for Turing to explain the basis of his analysis of how a computer installation involving human operators would work. This led to delays in starting the project and he became disillusioned. In late 1947 he returned to Cambridge for a sabbatical year during which he produced a seminal work on Intelligent Machinery that was not published in his lifetime. While he was at Cambridge, the Pilot ACE was being built in his absence. It executed its first program on 10 May 1950, and a number of later computers around the world owe much to it, including the English Electric DEUCE and the American Bendix G-15. The full version of Turing's ACE was not built until after his death. According to the memoirs of the German computer pioneer Heinz Billing from the Max Planck Institute for Physics, published by Genscher, Düsseldorf, there was a meeting between Turing and Konrad Zuse. It took place in Göttingen in 1947. The interrogation had the form of a colloquium. Participants were Womersley, Turing, Porter from England and a few German researchers like Zuse, Walther, and Billing (for more details see Herbert Bruderer, Konrad Zuse und die Schweiz). In 1948, Turing was appointed reader in the Mathematics Department at the Victoria University of Manchester. A year later, he became deputy director of the Computing Machine Laboratory, where he worked on software for one of the earliest stored-program computers—the Manchester Mark 1. Turing wrote the first version of the Programmer's Manual for this machine, and was recruited by Ferranti as a consultant in the development of their commercialised machine, the Ferranti Mark 1. He continued to be paid consultancy fees by Ferranti until his death. During this time, he continued to do more abstract work in mathematics, and in "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" (Mind, October 1950), Turing addressed the problem of artificial intelligence, and proposed an experiment that became known as the Turing test, an attempt to define a standard for a machine to be called "intelligent". The idea was that a computer could be said to "think" if a human interrogator could not tell it apart, through conversation, from a human being. In the paper, Turing suggested that rather than building a program to simulate the adult mind, it would be better to produce a simpler one to simulate a child's mind and then to subject it to a course of education. A reversed form of the Turing test is widely used on the Internet; the CAPTCHA test is intended to determine whether the user is a human or a computer. In 1948, Turing, working with his former undergraduate colleague, D.G. Champernowne, began writing a chess program for a computer that did not yet exist. By 1950, the program was completed and dubbed the Turochamp. In 1952, he tried to implement it on a Ferranti Mark 1, but lacking enough power, the computer was unable to execute the program. Instead, Turing "ran" the program by flipping through the pages of the algorithm and carrying out its instructions on a chessboard, taking about half an hour per move. The game was recorded. According to Garry Kasparov, Turing's program "played a recognizable game of chess". The program lost to Turing's colleague Alick Glennie, although it is said that it won a game against Champernowne's wife, Isabel. His Turing test was a significant, characteristically provocative, and lasting contribution to the debate regarding artificial intelligence, which continues after more than half a century. Pattern formation and mathematical biology When Turing was 39 years old in 1951, he turned to mathematical biology, finally publishing his masterpiece "The Chemical Basis of Morphogenesis" in January 1952. He was interested in morphogenesis, the development of patterns and shapes in biological organisms. He suggested that a system of chemicals reacting with each other and diffusing across space, termed a reaction–diffusion system, could account for "the main phenomena of morphogenesis". He used systems of partial differential equations to model catalytic chemical reactions. For example, if a catalyst A is required for a certain chemical reaction to take place, and if the reaction produced more of the catalyst A, then we say that the reaction is autocatalytic, and there is positive feedback that can be modelled by nonlinear differential equations. Turing discovered that patterns could be created if the chemical reaction not only produced catalyst A, but also produced an inhibitor B that slowed down the production of A. If A and B then diffused through the container at different rates, then you could have some regions where A dominated and some where B did. To calculate the extent of this, Turing would have needed a powerful computer, but these were not so freely available in 1951, so he had to use linear approximations to solve the equations by hand. These calculations gave the right qualitative results, and produced, for example, a uniform mixture that oddly enough had regularly spaced fixed red spots. The Russian biochemist Boris Belousov had performed experiments with similar results, but could not get his papers published because of the contemporary prejudice that any such thing violated the second law of thermodynamics. Belousov was not aware of Turing's paper in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society. Although published before the structure and role of DNA was understood, Turing's work on morphogenesis remains relevant today and is considered a seminal piece of work in mathematical biology. One of the early applications of Turing's paper was the work by James Murray explaining spots and stripes on the fur of cats, large and small. Further research in the area suggests that Turing's work can partially explain the growth of "feathers, hair follicles, the branching pattern of lungs, and even the left-right asymmetry that puts the heart on the left side of the chest". In 2012, Sheth, et al. found that in mice, removal of Hox genes causes an increase in the number of digits without an increase in the overall size of the limb, suggesting that Hox genes control digit formation by tuning the wavelength of a Turing-type mechanism. Later papers were not available until Collected Works of A. M. Turing was published in 1992. A study conducted in 2023 confirmed Turing's mathematical model hypothesis. Presented by the American Physical Society, the experiment involved growing chia seeds in even layers within trays, later adjusting the available moisture. Researchers experimentally tweaked the factors which appear in the Turing equations, and, as a result, patterns resembling those seen in natural environments emerged. This is believed to be the first time that experiments with living vegetation have verified Turing's mathematical insight. Personal life Treasure In the 1940s, Turing became worried about losing his savings in the event of a German invasion. In order to protect it, he bought two silver bars weighing and worth £250 (in 2022, £8,000 adjusted for inflation, £48,000 at spot price) and buried them in a wood near Bletchley Park. Upon returning to dig them up, Turing found that he was unable to break his own code describing where exactly he had hidden them. This, along with the fact that the area had been renovated, meant that he never regained the silver. Engagement In 1941, Turing proposed marriage to Hut 8 colleague Joan Clarke, a fellow mathematician and cryptanalyst, but their engagement was short-lived. After admitting his homosexuality to his fiancée, who was reportedly "unfazed" by the revelation, Turing decided that he could not go through with the marriage. Homosexuality and indecency conviction In January 1952, Turing was 39 when he started a relationship with Arnold Murray, a 19-year-old unemployed man. Just before Christmas, Turing was walking along Manchester's Oxford Road when he met Murray just outside the Regal Cinema and invited him to lunch. On 23 January, Turing's house was burgled. Murray told Turing that he and the burglar were acquainted, and Turing reported the crime to the police. During the investigation, he acknowledged a sexual relationship with Murray. Homosexual acts were criminal offences in the United Kingdom at that time, and both men were charged with "gross indecency" under Section 11 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885. Initial committal proceedings for the trial were held on 27 February during which Turing's solicitor "reserved his defence", i.e., did not argue or provide evidence against the allegations. The proceedings were held at the Sessions House in Knutsford. Turing was later convinced by the advice of his brother and his own solicitor, and he entered a plea of guilty. The case, Regina v. Turing and Murray, was brought to trial on 31 March 1952. Turing was convicted and given a choice between imprisonment and probation. His probation would be conditional on his agreement to undergo hormonal physical changes designed to reduce libido, known as "chemical castration". He accepted the option of injections of what was then called stilboestrol (now known as diethylstilbestrol or DES), a synthetic oestrogen; this feminization of his body was continued for the course of one year. The treatment rendered Turing impotent and caused breast tissue to form, fulfilling in the literal sense Turing's prediction that "no doubt I shall emerge from it all a different man, but quite who I've not found out". Murray was given a conditional discharge. Turing's conviction led to the removal of his security clearance and barred him from continuing with his cryptographic consultancy for the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), the British signals intelligence agency that had evolved from GC&CS in 1946, though he kept his academic job. His trial took place only months after the defection to the Soviet Union of Guy Burgess and Donald Maclean in summer 1951 after which the Foreign Office started to consider anyone known to be homosexual as a potential security risk. Turing was denied entry into the United States after his conviction in 1952, but was free to visit other European countries. In the summer of 1952 he visited Norway which was more tolerant of homosexuals. Among the various men he met there was one named Kjell Carlson. Kjell intended to visit Turing in the UK but the authorities intercepted Kjell's postcard detailing his travel arrangements and were able to intercept and deport him before the two could meet. It was also during this time that Turing started consulting a psychiatrist, Dr Franz Greenbaum, with whom he got on well and subsequently becoming a family friend. Death On 8 June 1954, at his house at 43 Adlington Road, Wilmslow, Turing's housekeeper found him dead. A post mortem was held that evening which determined that he had died the previous day at the age of 41 with Cyanide poisoning cited as the cause of death. When his body was discovered, an apple lay half-eaten beside his bed, and although the apple was not tested for cyanide, it was speculated that this was the means by which Turing had consumed a fatal dose. Turing's brother John identified the body the following day and took the advice given by Dr. Greenbaum to accept the verdict of the inquest as there was little prospect of establishing that the death was accidental. The inquest was held the following day which determined the cause of death to be suicide. Turing's remains were cremated at Woking Crematorium just two days later on 12 June 1954 with just three people attending and his ashes were scattered in the gardens of the crematorium, just as his father's had been. Turing's mother was on holiday in Italy at the time of his death and returned home after the inquest. She never accepted the verdict of suicide. Andrew Hodges and another biographer, David Leavitt, have both speculated that Turing was re-enacting a scene from the Walt Disney film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937), his favourite fairy tale. Both men noted that (in Leavitt's words) he took "an especially keen pleasure in the scene where the Wicked Queen immerses her apple in the poisonous brew". Philosopher Jack Copeland has questioned various aspects of the coroner's historical verdict. He suggested an alternative explanation for the cause of Turing's death: the accidental inhalation of cyanide fumes from an apparatus used to electroplate gold onto spoons. The potassium cyanide was used to dissolve the gold. Turing had such an apparatus set up in his tiny spare room. Copeland noted that the autopsy findings were more consistent with inhalation than with ingestion of the poison. Turing also habitually ate an apple before going to bed, and it was not unusual for the apple to be discarded half-eaten. Furthermore, Turing had reportedly borne his legal setbacks and hormone treatment (which had been discontinued a year previously) "with good humour" and had shown no sign of despondency before his death. He even set down a list of tasks that he intended to complete upon returning to his office after the holiday weekend. Turing's mother believed that the ingestion was accidental, resulting from her son's careless storage of laboratory chemicals. Biographer Andrew Hodges theorised that Turing deliberately left the nature of his death ambiguous in order to shield his mother from the knowledge that he had killed himself. It has been suggested that Turing's belief in fortune-telling may have caused his depressed mood. As a youth, Turing had been told by a fortune-teller that he would be a genius. In mid-May 1954, shortly before his death, Turing again decided to consult a fortune-teller during a day-trip to St Annes-on-Sea with the Greenbaum family. According to the Greenbaums' daughter, Barbara: Government apology and pardon In August 2009, British programmer John Graham-Cumming started a petition urging the British government to apologise for Turing's prosecution as a homosexual. The petition received more than 30,000 signatures. The prime minister, Gordon Brown, acknowledged the petition, releasing a statement on 10 September 2009 apologising and describing the treatment of Turing as "appalling": In December 2011, William Jones and his member of Parliament, John Leech, created an e-petition requesting that the British government pardon Turing for his conviction of "gross indecency": The petition gathered over 37,000 signatures, and was submitted to Parliament by the Manchester MP John Leech but the request was discouraged by Justice Minister Lord McNally, who said: John Leech, the MP for Manchester Withington (2005–15), submitted several bills to Parliament and led a high-profile campaign to secure the pardon. Leech made the case in the House of Commons that Turing's contribution to the war made him a national hero and that it was "ultimately just embarrassing" that the conviction still stood. Leech continued to take the bill through Parliament and campaigned for several years, gaining the public support of numerous leading scientists, including Stephen Hawking. At the British premiere of a film based on Turing's life, The Imitation Game, the producers thanked Leech for bringing the topic to public attention and securing Turing's pardon. Leech is now regularly described as the "architect" of Turing's pardon and subsequently the Alan Turing Law which went on to secure pardons for 75,000 other men and women convicted of similar crimes. On 26 July 2012, a bill was introduced in the House of Lords to grant a statutory pardon to Turing for offences under section 11 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885, of which he was convicted on 31 March 1952. Late in the year in a letter to The Daily Telegraph, the physicist Stephen Hawking and 10 other signatories including the Astronomer Royal Lord Rees, President of the Royal Society Sir Paul Nurse, Lady Trumpington (who worked for Turing during the war) and Lord Sharkey (the bill's sponsor) called on Prime Minister David Cameron to act on the pardon request. The government indicated it would support the bill, and it passed its third reading in the House of Lords in October. At the bill's second reading in the House of Commons on 29 November 2013, Conservative MP Christopher Chope objected to the bill, delaying its passage. The bill was due to return to the House of Commons on 28 February 2014, but before the bill could be debated in the House of Commons, the government elected to proceed under the royal prerogative of mercy. On 24 December 2013, Queen Elizabeth II signed a pardon for Turing's conviction for "gross indecency", with immediate effect. Announcing the pardon, Lord Chancellor Chris Grayling said Turing deserved to be "remembered and recognised for his fantastic contribution to the war effort" and not for his later criminal conviction. The Queen officially pronounced Turing pardoned in August 2014. The Queen's action is only the fourth royal pardon granted since the conclusion of the Second World War. Pardons are normally granted only when the person is technically innocent, and a request has been made by the family or other interested party; neither condition was met in regard to Turing's conviction. In September 2016, the government announced its intention to expand this retroactive exoneration to other men convicted of similar historical indecency offences, in what was described as an "Alan Turing law". The Alan Turing law is now an informal term for the law in the United Kingdom, contained in the Policing and Crime Act 2017, which serves as an amnesty law to retroactively pardon men who were cautioned or convicted under historical legislation that outlawed homosexual acts. The law applies in England and Wales. On 19 July 2023, following an apology to LGBT veterans from the UK Government, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace suggested Turing should be honoured with a permanent statue on the fourth plinth of Trafalgar Square, describing Dr Turing as "probably the greatest war hero, in my book, of the Second World War, [whose] achievements shortened the war, saved thousands of lives, helped defeat the Nazis. And his story is a sad story of a society and how it treated him." See also Legacy of Alan Turing List of things named after Alan Turing Notes and references Notes References Sources in and Turing's mother, who survived him by many years, wrote this 157-page biography of her son, glorifying his life. It was published in 1959, and so could not cover his war work. Scarcely 300 copies were sold (Sara Turing to Lyn Newman, 1967, Library of St John's College, Cambridge). The six-page foreword by Lyn Irvine includes reminiscences and is more frequently quoted. It was re-published by Cambridge University Press in 2012, to honour the centenary of his birth, and included a new foreword by Martin Davis, as well as a never-before-published memoir by Turing's older brother John F. Turing. This 1986 Hugh Whitemore play tells the story of Turing's life and death. In the original West End and Broadway runs, Derek Jacobi played Turing and he recreated the role in a 1997 television film based on the play made jointly by the BBC and WGBH, Boston. The play is published by Amber Lane Press, Oxford, ASIN: B000B7TM0Q Further reading Articles Books (originally published in 1983); basis of the film The Imitation Game (originally published in 1959 by W. Heffer & Sons, Ltd) External links Oral history interview with Nicholas C. Metropolis, Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota. Metropolis was the first director of computing services at Los Alamos National Laboratory; topics include the relationship between Turing and John von Neumann How Alan Turing Cracked The Enigma Code Imperial War Museums Alan Turing Year CiE 2012: Turing Centenary Conference Science in the Making Alan Turing's papers in the Royal Society's archives Alan Turing site maintained by Andrew Hodges including a short biography AlanTuring.net – Turing Archive for the History of Computing by Jack Copeland The Turing Archive – contains scans of some unpublished documents and material from the King's College, Cambridge archive Alan Turing Papers – University of Manchester Library, Manchester Sherborne School Archives – holds papers relating to Turing's time at Sherborne School Alan Turing plaques recorded on openplaques.org Alan Turing archive on New Scientist 1912 births 1954 suicides 1954 deaths 20th-century English mathematicians 20th-century atheists 20th-century English philosophers Academics of the University of Manchester Academics of the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology Alumni of King's College, Cambridge Artificial intelligence researchers Bayesian statisticians Bletchley Park people British anti-fascists British cryptographers British people of World War II Computability theorists Computer designers English atheists English computer scientists English inventors English logicians English male long-distance runners English people of Irish descent English people of Scottish descent Fellows of King's College, Cambridge Fellows of the Royal Society Former Protestants Foreign Office personnel of World War II Gay academics Gay scientists Gay sportsmen GCHQ people History of computing in the United Kingdom LGBT-related suicides LGBT mathematicians LGBT philosophers British LGBT scientists English LGBT sportspeople LGBT track and field athletes Officers of the Order of the British Empire People educated at Sherborne School People from Maida Vale People from Wilmslow People convicted for homosexuality in the United Kingdom People who have received posthumous pardons Princeton University alumni Recipients of British royal pardons Theoretical biologists Theoretical computer scientists Suicides by cyanide poisoning Suicides in England Castrated people Scientists of the National Physical Laboratory (United Kingdom) Computer chess people Enigma machine
In computing, the motherboard form factor is the specification of a motherboard – the dimensions, power supply type, location of mounting holes, number of ports on the back panel, etc. Specifically, in the IBM PC compatible industry, standard form factors ensure that parts are interchangeable across competing vendors and generations of technology, while in enterprise computing, form factors ensure that server modules fit into existing rackmount systems. Traditionally, the most significant specification is for that of the motherboard, which generally dictates the overall size of the case. Small form factors have been developed and implemented. Overview of form factors A PC motherboard is the main circuit board within a typical desktop computer, laptop or server. Its main functions are as follows: To serve as a central backbone to which all other modular parts such as CPU, RAM, and hard drives can be attached as required to create a computer To be interchangeable (in most cases) with different components (in particular CPU and expansion cards) for the purposes of customization and upgrading To distribute power to other circuit boards To electronically co-ordinate and interface the operation of the components As new generations of components have been developed, the standards of motherboards have changed too. For example, the introduction of AGP and, more recently, PCI Express have influenced motherboard design. However, the standardized size and layout of motherboards have changed much more slowly and are controlled by their own standards. The list of components required on a motherboard changes far more slowly than the components themselves. For example, north bridge microchips have changed many times since their introduction with many manufacturers bringing out their own versions, but in terms of form factor standards, provisions for north bridges have remained fairly static for many years. Although it is a slower process, form factors do evolve regularly in response to changing demands. IBM's long-standing standard, AT (Advanced Technology), was superseded in 1995 by the current industry standard ATX (Advanced Technology Extended), which still governs the size and design of the motherboard in most modern PCs. The latest update to the ATX standard was released in 2007. A divergent standard by chipset manufacturer VIA called EPIA (also known as ITX, and not to be confused with EPIC) is based upon smaller form factors and its own standards. Differences between form factors are most apparent in terms of their intended market sector, and involve variations in size, design compromises and typical features. Most modern computers have very similar requirements, so form factor differences tend to be based upon subsets and supersets of these. For example, a desktop computer may require more sockets for maximum flexibility and many optional connectors and other features on board, whereas a computer to be used in a multimedia system may need to be optimized for heat and size, with additional plug-in cards being less common. The smallest motherboards may sacrifice CPU flexibility in favor of a fixed manufacturer's choice. Comparisons Tabular information Size variants List is incomplete Maximum number of expansion card slots ATX case compatible: Visual examples of different form factors PC/104 and EBX PC/104 is an embedded computer standard which defines both a form factor and computer bus. PC/104 is intended for embedded computing environments. Single-board computers built to this form factor are often sold by COTS vendors, which benefits users who want a customized rugged system, without months of design and paper work. The PC/104 form factor was standardized by the PC/104 Consortium in 1992. An IEEE standard corresponding to PC/104 was drafted as IEEE P996.1, but never ratified. The 5.75 × 8.0 in Embedded Board eXpandable (EBX) specification, which was derived from Ampro's proprietary Little Board form-factor, resulted from a collaboration between Ampro and Motorola Computer Group. As compared with PC/104 modules, these larger (but still reasonably embeddable) SBCs tend to have everything of a full PC on them, including application oriented interfaces like audio, analog, or digital I/O in many cases. Also it's much easier to fit Pentium CPUs, whereas it's a tight squeeze (or expensive) to do so on a PC/104 SBC. Typically, EBX SBCs contain: the CPU; upgradeable RAM subassemblies (e.g., DIMM); Flash memory for solid state drive; multiple USB, serial, and parallel ports; onboard expansion via a PC/104 module stack; off-board expansion via ISA and/or PCI buses (from the PC/104 connectors); networking interface (typically Ethernet); and video (typically CRT, LCD, and TV). Mini PC Mini PC is a PC small form factor very close in size to an external CD or DVD drive. Mini PCs have proven popular for use as HTPCs. Examples AOpen XC mini Apple Mac mini Intel NUC Gigabyte Brix Zotac ZBOX Asus Vivopc Lenovo ThinkCentre Tiny Dell Optiplex Mini/Micro Acer Veriton See also Hard-disk-drive form factors Small form factor PICOe Notes References External links The official Intel Form factors website containing form factor descriptions Micro ATX vs Mini ITX vs ATX Computing comparisons
Neighbourhood components analysis is a supervised learning method for classifying multivariate data into distinct classes according to a given distance metric over the data. Functionally, it serves the same purposes as the K-nearest neighbors algorithm and makes direct use of a related concept termed stochastic nearest neighbours. Definition Neighbourhood components analysis aims at "learning" a distance metric by finding a linear transformation of input data such that the average leave-one-out (LOO) classification performance is maximized in the transformed space. The key insight to the algorithm is that a matrix corresponding to the transformation can be found by defining a differentiable objective function for , followed by the use of an iterative solver such as conjugate gradient descent. One of the benefits of this algorithm is that the number of classes can be determined as a function of , up to a scalar constant. This use of the algorithm, therefore, addresses the issue of model selection. Explanation In order to define , we define an objective function describing classification accuracy in the transformed space and try to determine such that this objective function is maximized. Leave-one-out (LOO) classification Consider predicting the class label of a single data point by consensus of its -nearest neighbours with a given distance metric. This is known as leave-one-out classification. However, the set of nearest-neighbours can be quite different after passing all the points through a linear transformation. Specifically, the set of neighbours for a point can undergo discrete changes in response to smooth changes in the elements of , implying that any objective function based on the neighbours of a point will be piecewise-constant, and hence not differentiable. Solution We can resolve this difficulty by using an approach inspired by stochastic gradient descent. Rather than considering the -nearest neighbours at each transformed point in LOO-classification, we'll consider the entire transformed data set as stochastic nearest neighbours. We define these using a softmax function of the squared Euclidean distance between a given LOO-classification point and each other point in the transformed space: The probability of correctly classifying data point is the probability of classifying the points of each of its neighbours with the same class : where is the probability of classifying neighbour of point . Define the objective function using LOO classification, this time using the entire data set as stochastic nearest neighbours: Note that under stochastic nearest neighbours, the consensus class for a single point is the expected value of a point's class in the limit of an infinite number of samples drawn from the distribution over its neighbours i.e.: . Thus the predicted class is an affine combination of the classes of every other point, weighted by the softmax function for each where is now the entire transformed data set. This choice of objective function is preferable as it is differentiable with respect to (denote ): Obtaining a gradient for means that it can be found with an iterative solver such as conjugate gradient descent. Note that in practice, most of the innermost terms of the gradient evaluate to insignificant contributions due to the rapidly diminishing contribution of distant points from the point of interest. This means that the inner sum of the gradient can be truncated, resulting in reasonable computation times even for large data sets. Alternative formulation "Maximizing is equivalent to minimizing the -distance between the predicted class distribution and the true class distribution (ie: where the induced by are all equal to 1). A natural alternative is the KL-divergence, which induces the following objective function and gradient:" (Goldberger 2005) In practice, optimization of using this function tends to give similar performance results as with the original. History and background Neighbourhood components analysis was developed by Jacob Goldberger, Sam Roweis, Ruslan Salakhudinov, and Geoff Hinton at the University of Toronto's department of computer science in 2004. See also Spectral clustering Large margin nearest neighbor References J. Goldberger, G. Hinton, S. Roweis, R. Salakhutdinov. (2005) Neighbourhood Components Analysis. Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems. 17, 513–520, 2005. External links Software The MLPACK library contains a C++ implementation nca (C++) scikit-learn's "NeighborhoodComponentsAnalysis" implementation (Python) Statistical classification
Bennetts Green is a suburb of the City of Lake Macquarie in New South Wales, Australia, located southwest of Newcastle's central business district on the eastern side of Lake Macquarie. Economy It contains very few homes and is mainly a commercial shopping, small factory-warehouse area. Current businesses include: Harvey Norman Bing Lee Supercheap Auto BCF Fantastic Furniture It also was the home of the very first Harvey Norman Computer Superstore, which was set up in 1993. Other businesses that have been in the area include: AMF Bowling alley Retravision Joyce Mayne Skatel Roller Rink Norman Ross Clearance Centre New retail development In 2016 land on the opposite side of the highway to the existing retail development was originally sold to Woolworths Limited for $20.3M for a proposed development that would contain a Masters hardware store, however due to the collapse of the Masters chain the site was then sold to the Spotlight Group for a proposed $100M development including: Bunnings Warehouse Spotlight Anaconda McDonald's KFC BP Road Tech Marine Nick Scali Furniture PETstock several smaller as yet unnamed businesses The first of the businesses including Anaconda, Road Tech Marine and BP commenced operation at the grand opening of the new retail development on 31 October 2020. References External links History of Bennetts Green (Lake Macquarie City Library) Suburbs of Lake Macquarie
Packet Clearing House (PCH) is the international nonprofit organization responsible for providing operational support and security to critical internet infrastructure, including Internet exchange points and the core of the domain name system. The organization also works in the areas of cybersecurity coordination, regulatory policy and Internet governance. Overview Packet Clearing House (PCH) was formed in 1994 by Chris Alan and Mark Kent to provide efficient regional and local network interconnection alternatives for the West Coast of the United States. It has grown to become a leading proponent of neutral independent network interconnection and provider of route-servers at major exchange points worldwide. PCH provides equipment, training, data, and operational support to organizations and individual researchers seeking to improve the quality, robustness, and Internet accessibility. , major PCH projects include Building and supporting nearly half of the world's approximately 700 Internet exchange points (IXPs), and maintaining the canonical index of Internet exchange points, with data going back to 1994; Operating the world's largest anycast Domain Name System (DNS) server platform, including two root nameservers, more than 400 top-level domains (TLDs) including the country-code domains of more than 130 countries, and the Quad9 recursive resolver; Operating the only FIPS 140-2 Level 4 global TLD DNSSEC key management and signing infrastructure, with facilities in Singapore, Zurich, and San Jose; Implementing network research data collection initiatives in more than 100 countries; Publishing original research and policy guidance in the areas of telecommunications regulation, including the 2011 and 2016 Interconnection Surveys, country reports such as those for Canada in 2012 and 2016 and Paraguay in 2012, and a survey of critical infrastructure experts for the GCSC; and Developing and presenting educational materials to foster a better understanding of Internet architectural principles and their policy implications among policymakers, technologists, and the general public. Notable past projects include the INOC-DBA critical infrastructure protection hotline communications system, now operated by the Brazilian CERT. PCH has more than 500 institutional donors, including the Soros Open Society Institute, which funded PCH in developing open source tools which help Internet service providers (ISPs) optimize their traffic routing, reduce costs and increase performance of Internet service delivered to the public; the United Nations Development Programme, Cisco Systems, NTT/Verio, Level 3, Equinix, the governments of Sweden, Denmark, Canada, Mexico, France, Singapore, Chile, Switzerland, and the United States, and hundreds of Internet service providers and individuals. PCH works closely with the United States Telecommunications Training Institute (USTTI) to offer courses on telecommunications regulation, Internet infrastructure construction and management, domain name system management, and Internet security coordination, three times a year in Washington, D.C. It also teaches in 80 to 100 on-location workshops a year throughout the world. Locations PCH maintains staffed offices in Paris, Berkeley, Dublin, Kathmandu, Johannesburg, Khartoum, Portland and Ottawa and operates critical network infrastructure within 236 Internet exchange points. Board of directors PCH's board of directors consists of Steve Feldman (chairman), Dorian Kim, and Bill Woodcock (executive director). See also Quad9 References External links PCH.net - official website, including: Looking glass servers - White papers - Tutorials - Datasets Establishment of Nepal Internet Exchange: Interim Report Bill Woodcock: On an Internet Odyssey Telecommunications economics Organizations established in 1994 501(c)(3) organizations Nonprofit institutes based in the United States Non-profit organizations based in San Francisco Non-profit organizations based in California Internet governance organizations Internet governance Internet security Internet-related organizations
commonly abbreviated as Nintendo R&D2, was a Japanese team within Nintendo that developed software and peripherals. While usually occupied in system operating software and technical support, the team would come back to early development in the 1990s where several new designers got their start at game development, the most famous being Eiji Aonuma who developed Marvelous: Another Treasure Island. R&D2 was originally led by Masayuki Uemura, who previously worked for Sharp Corporation, using an idea of Sharp's solar technology Uemura's department went on to develop the popular Nintendo beam gun games, selling over 1 million units. Kazuhiko Taniguchi took Uemura's position in 2004. Nintendo R&D2 was later merged into Nintendo SPD. History In the 1970s, Nintendo created the R&D2 department. In 2004, the department's general manager Masayuki Uemura retired from Nintendo. Following his retirement, he became a professor at the Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto, and served as an advisor to Nintendo Research & Engineering. Products developed Electronic games Video game consoles Video games Notes References External links IGN Listing for R&D2 Defunct video game companies of Japan Japanese companies disestablished in 2004 Nintendo divisions and subsidiaries Video game companies disestablished in 2004 Video game development companies
George Varghese (born 1960) is a Principal Researcher at Microsoft Research. Before joining MSR's lab in Silicon Valley in 2013, he was a Professor of Computer Science at the University of California San Diego, where he led the Internet Algorithms Lab and also worked with the Center for Network Systems and the Center for Internet Epidemiology. He is the author of the textbook Network Algorithmics, published by Morgan Kaufmann in 2004. Education Varghese received his B.Tech in electrical engineering from IIT Bombay in 1981, his M.S. in computer studies from NCSU in 1983 and his Ph.D. in computer science from MIT in 1993, where his advisor was Nancy Lynch. He is a Fellow of the ACM since 2002. Research Transparent Bridge Architecture Before his Ph.D., George spent several years as part of the network architecture and advanced development group at Digital Equipment Corporation, where he wrote the first specification for the first transparent bridge architecture (based on the inventions of Mark Kempf and Radia Perlman). After several iterations and other authors, this became the IEEE 802 bridge specification, a widely implemented standard that is the basis of the billion dollar transparent bridging industry{{According to whom}}. He was also part of the DEC team that invented the Gigaswitch and the Giganet (a precursor to Gigabit Ethernet). Network Algorithmics Varghese is best known for helping define network algorithmics, a field of study which resolves networking bottlenecks using interdisciplinary techniques that include changes to hardware and operating systems as well as efficient algorithms. His contributions to network algorithmics include Deficit Round Robin (co-invented with M. Shreedhar), a scheduling algorithm that is widely used in routers, and timing wheels (with Tony Lauck), an algorithm for fast timers that is used as the basis of fast timers in Linux and FreeBSD. IP lookup and packet classification Varghese has also worked extensively on fast IP lookup and packet classification. His work with G. Chandranmenon on Threaded indexes predates the work done at Cisco Systems and Juniper Networks on tag switching. His work on multibit tries (with V. Srinivasan) has been used by a number of companies including Microsoft. His work on scalable IP packet lookup (with Waldvogel and Turner) for longer addresses such as IPv6 is being considered for use by Linux. George also worked with Eatherton and Dittia on the Tree bitmap IP lookup algorithm that is used in Cisco's CRS-1 router, which many believe to be the fastest router in the world. Tree bitmap and hypercuts (with Sumeet Singh and Florin Baboescu) appear to be among the best algorithms (excluding CAMs) for IP lookup and packet classification today. Self stabilization George is also known for his contributions to the theoretical field of self-stabilization (a form of fault-tolerance), where he has helped (with various colleagues) pioneer several general techniques such as local checking, local correction, and counter flushing. NetSift Varghese co-founded NetSift Inc. (with Sumeet Singh) in 2004, serving as president and CTO. NetSift helped pioneer the notion of automated signature extraction for security and helped to introduce the use of streaming algorithms for network measurement and security at speeds greater than 10 Gbit/s. His work with Cristian Estan on multistage filters has been widely used in industry. NetSift was acquired in June 2005 by Cisco Systems as part of the Modular Switching Group. Awards and honors Elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering, 2017 2014 Koji Kobayashi Award for Computers and Communications for "Contributions to the field of network algorithmics and its applications to high-speed packet networks" ACM Fellow, 2002 Best Teacher Award in Computer Science, UCSD, 2001, voted by graduating undergraduate students Best Tutorial Award, SIGMETRICS 98. Big Fish, Mentor of the Year Award, Association for Graduate Engineering Students (AGES),Washington University 1997. ONR Young Investigator Award 1996 (34 awarded out of 416 applications across the sciences, among 2 computer scientists chosen in 1996) Best Student Paper, PODC 96, for a paper jointly written with student Mahesh Jayaram. Joint winner of the Sproull Prize for best MIT Thesis in Computer Science (1993) and nominated by MIT for ACM Thesis Prize. DEC Graduate Education Program (GEEP) Scholar, 1989–1991. Selected publications Sumeet Singh, Cristian Estan, George Varghese, and Stefan Savage, Automated Worm Fingerprinting, Proceedings of the 6th ACM/USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI). This paper was the basis of NetSift, which see above. Cristian Estan, David Moore, and George Varghese, Building a Better NetFlow, Proceedings of the ACM SIGCOMM Conference, Portland, OR, September 2004 Fan Chung Graham, Ron Graham, and George Varghese, Parallelism versus Memory Allocation in Pipelined Router Forwarding Engines Proceedings of SPAA 2004 (invited and accepted to Theory of Computer Science journal as best of SPAA), Barcelona, Spain March 2004 W. Eatherton, Z. Dittia, and George Varghese, Tree bitmap: Hardware Software IP Lookups with Incremental Updates (no prior conference paper, IP lookup algorithm used in Cisco's most recent CRS-1 router) ACM Computer Communications Review, volume 34, April 2004 George Varghese, Summary of Ph.D. Thesis on Self-stabilization References External links George Varghese home page at Microsoft Research George Varghese old home page at UCSD List of online papers of George Varghese Internet Algorithms Lab Center for Network Systems Center for Internet Epidemiology ACM Fellows listing for Varghese Timing wheels Fast timers in Linux FreeBSD Threaded indexes Multibit tries Scalable IP packet lookup Tree BitMap IP lookup algorithm Hypercuts Cisco Systems acquires NetSift Transparent bridging 1960 births Indian emigrants to the United States American computer scientists American technology writers Researchers in distributed computing Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering MIT School of Engineering alumni North Carolina State University alumni University of California, San Diego faculty American people of Indian descent American businesspeople IIT Bombay alumni Living people Microsoft employees American male writers of Indian descent American male non-fiction writers
The Computer Measurement Group (CMG), founded in 1974, is a worldwide non-profit organization of data processing professionals whose work involves measuring and managing the performance of computing systems. In this context, performance is understood to mean the response time of software applications of interest, and the overall capacity (or throughput) characteristics of the system, or of some part of the system. CMG members are primarily concerned with evaluating and maximizing the performance of existing computer systems and networks, and with capacity management, in which planned enhancements to existing systems or the designs of new systems are evaluated to find the necessary resources required to provide adequate performance at a reasonable cost. Mission and activities CMG's purpose is to promote the exchange of technical information among Information Technology (IT) professionals through regional groups, technical publications, and an annual conference. In common with other user groups devoted to a broad range of products or technologies (for example SHARE or DECUS), CMG provides education, networking, and leadership opportunities for its members. The association's activities provide: Extensive introductory education for new professionals Information on emerging technology as well as methodology for existing performance professionals Forums for the exchange of information, promotion of new ideas, and discussions of management information requirements Focus on practical applications and results oriented methodologies Encouragement for educational institutions to focus on the IT curriculum. CMG groups With over thirty regional and international groups, CMG's wide reaching structure emphasizes an extensive information and peer network. Regional groups hold local educational meetings, typically three or four times a year, and many publish informational newsletters. Regional meetings may span a half-day, a full day (the most common), or occasionally two days. International CMG groups also hold their own annual conferences and publish their own conference proceedings. In the US, Regional CMG groups cover the following areas: Boston, Connecticut, Florida, Greater Atlanta, Kansas City, Midwest, Minneapolis, National Capital Area, New York, Northern California, Northwest, Ohio Valley, Philadelphia, Rocky Mountain, St Louis, Salt Lake City, Southern, Southern California, and South West. International CMG groups exist in Australia, Austria and Eastern Europe (CMG AE), Canada, Central Europe (CECMG), Italy, China, the Netherlands South Africa, India and the United Kingdom (UKCMG) Focus areas CMG allows members to exchange information about the measurement, management and performance of Information technology systems. Topics of particular concern among CMG members include: Awards At its annual conference, CMG presents several awards recognizing outstanding contributions to the field of computer measurement and performance evaluation: The A. A. Michelson Award, first awarded in 1974, is named in honor of Albert Abraham Michelson, known for his technical accomplishments in measuring the speed of light and for his role as teacher and inspirer of others. This award is given to one honoree annually, to recognize the same combination of technical excellence and professional contributions. The J. William Mullen Award, first awarded in 1990, is given in memory of past CMG president Bill Mullen. The award recipient is an individual who exhibits both technical excellence and an engaging presentation style. This was recently won by Ramya Ramalinga Moorthy (from Bangalore, India) in 2017 for her exceptional and engaging presentation style. The CMG Graduate Fellowship program, begun in 1987, is open to full-time graduate students in Computer Science and related fields. It is intended to encourage and support research in the areas of measurement, modeling, management and analysis of system and network performance. Best Paper Awards are given to conference papers judged exemplary by industry peers. Publications CMG produces a number of both print and electronic publications. Currently there are four unique publications, the CMG Journal, the CMG Proceedings, the CMG Bulletin and MeasureIT. Membership in CMG is required to obtain copies of the publications with the exception of MeasureIT. In addition, some libraries and Universities have copies of the CMG Journal available for reference use. The free electronic newsletter, MeasureIT, is written by computer and performance professionals and is distributed around the second Tuesday of every month. Anyone may subscribe to MeasureIT by visiting the CMG MeasureIT homepage. Annual conference CMG holds an annual conference for performance professionals from around the world. CMG'11 was held in Washington, D.C., United States, 5–9 December 2011. In 2013 the annual conference was renamed Performance and Capacity 2013 by CMG Conference and held in La Jolla, CA, United States, 4–8 November 2013. See also A. A. Michelson Award recipients: Neil J. Gunther (2008) Jeffrey P. Buzen (1978) Arnold Allen (mathematician) (1994) External links CMG website Organizations established in 1974 Computer performance Professional associations based in the United States Information technology organizations
SchoolTool is a GPL licensed, free student information system for schools around the world. The goals of the project are to create a student information system, including demographics, gradebook, attendance, calendaring and reporting for primary and secondary schools, as well as a framework for building customized applications and configurations for individual schools or states. SchoolTool is built as a free software/open source software stack, licensed under the GNU General Public License, Version 2, written in Python using the Zope 3 framework. The sub-projects of SchoolTool are as follows: The SchoolTool Calendar and SchoolBell are calendar and resource management tools for schools available as part of the Edubuntu Linux distribution. A SchoolTool student information system is being developed and tested in collaboration with schools CanDo is a SchoolTool-based skills tracking program developed by Virginia students and teachers to track which skills students are acquiring in their classes and at what level of competency. SchoolTool is configured by default to act as what is often called a student information system or SIS. The focus is on tracking information related to students: demographics, enrollment grades, attendance, reporting. It is a subset of a complete "management information system" (MIS) for schools, which might also cover systems like accounting. SchoolTool is not a learning management system, or LMS, such as Moodle, although they share some overlapping feature sets, such as a gradebook. SchoolTool does not contain curriculum or learning objects. A post on the product news page in October 2016 titled "The Future of SIELibre and SchoolTool" indicates that the primary SchoolTool developers have moved on to other things. This was accompanied by a google document explaining the decision and thanking contributors for their efforts. SchoolTool Features Customizable demographics; Student contact management; Calendars for the school, groups, and individuals; Resource booking; Teacher gradebooks; Class attendance; Report card generation. See also OpenEMIS Enterprise Application Integration Open Knowledge Initiative Web services FET References External links Website 2004 software Edubuntu Educational software Cross-platform free software Free educational software Free content management systems Free software programmed in Python School-administration software
Charles James Stuart-Wortley (3 June 1802 – 22 May 1844) was a British politician, the second son of James Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, 1st Baron Wharncliffe. He was an observer at the French siege of Antwerp in 1832, and wrote an account of the affair. On 17 February 1831 he married Lady Emmeline Manners (d. 1855), daughter of John Manners, 5th Duke of Rutland, by whom he had three children: Archibald Henry Plantagenet Stuart-Wortley (26 July 1832 – 30 April 1890), married on 15 June 1879 Lavinia Rebecca Gibbins (d. 1937) Adelbert William John Stuart-Wortley (d. 1847) Victoria Alexandrina Stuart-Wortley (d. 29 March 1912), married on 4 July 1863 Sir William Earle Welby-Gregory, 4th Baronet He died in 1844 of the effects of a hunting accident suffered earlier in life. References 1802 births 1844 deaths Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for constituencies in Cornwall UK MPs 1830–1831 UK MPs 1831–1832 Younger sons of barons Charles Hunting accident deaths Accidental deaths in the United Kingdom
Ken Griffey Jr.'s Slugfest is a baseball video game developed by Angel Studios and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64. It was released in May 1999 only in North America. A Game Boy Color port developed by Software Creations was released in June 1999. Featuring real-life player Ken Griffey Jr., it is a sequel to Major League Baseball Featuring Ken Griffey Jr., released for the Nintendo 64, which itself was a sequel to Ken Griffey Jr. Presents Major League Baseball and Ken Griffey Jr.'s Winning Run, both released for the Super NES. This version of the game contains actual player names, unlike the original. It contains Season, Exhibition, World Series and Home Run Derby modes. It also has familiar background music playing throughout the game. Gameplay The batting feature in this game is set up differently from most other baseball video games. The batter is given an elongated oval shape to control and in order for the batter to make contact with the ball, he must wait for the pitch location and then move the oval to the location of the pitch to make contact. Each batter will have a different sized oval or hitting zone depending on how strong of a hitter he is. This feature was originally developed in Major League Baseball Featuring Ken Griffey Jr. and carried over into this game with slight modifications. The fielding portion of this game makes use of the c-directional pad on the Nintendo 64 controller. As a fielder, you must run to the ball using the analog stick and then choose the correct c-button for the base to which you would like to throw. The controller has four c-buttons: c-up, c-left, c-right, and c-down and each of these represent a different base. Each c-button represents the base that would correspond with its location on the controller. For example, c-right represents first base, c-up represents second base, c-left represents third base, and c-down represents home plate. This game uses simple controls for pitching that are very similar to the controls of other baseball video games of the time. Before the pitch, there will be a menu that will show all available pitches that the pitcher can throw. In order to throw a certain pitch, you must press the button that is next to the pitch you would like to throw. The strike zone will be shown by a white rectangular box and any pitch that is located in the box will be a strike. Also, while the ball is being thrown, the pitcher may use the analog stick to move the pitch in any direction. There are several different pitches that can be thrown. They are: fastball, super fastball, change up, super change up, knuckleball, curveball, slider, and screwball. Every pitcher has his own unique set of pitches and no pitcher can throw all the pitches. The speed of the pitches can range anywhere from 37 mph to 103 mph. This game allows the player to select pitchers of a team from the bullpen or rotation. This game also allows the player to select different pitches to be thrown, based on each real life pitchers' abilities. The player of this game may create custom baseball players with different pitches, size, strength, and stamina. The player may also select the team, stadium, and choose between day or night and home or away games. Reception The Nintendo 64 version received favorable reviews, while the Game Boy Color version received mixed reviews, according to the review aggregation website GameRankings. Next Generation called the former version "one of the best arcade baseball titles in a while. Sure, the graphics pale in comparison to Acclaim's All-Star Baseball 2000, and realism is notably absent, but if you're more concerned about white-knuckled multiplayer games and .500 batting averages than pitching duels and squeeze plays, this is your game." GamePro said of the game, "If you're a younger gamer or new to baseball, give Slugfest a whirl. It's more arcadey than the sim-intensive All Star [Baseball] 2000 and [it] will appeal to those who want a quick baseball fix rather than a game filled with intense pitcher/batter confrontations." Notes References External links 1999 video games Baseball video games Ken Griffey Jr. video games Game Boy Color games Multiplayer and single-player video games Nintendo 64 games North America-exclusive video games Software Creations games Video games developed in the United States Video games featuring black protagonists
Home entertainment system may refer to: Home cinema, or home theatre, a home entertainment system that reproduces a movie theater experience and mood, using video and audio equipment Home theatre PC, or media center appliance, a device that combines capabilities of a personal computer with a software application supporting video, photo, music playback, and sometimes video recording functionality
MUSIC (MUltiple SIgnal Classification) is an algorithm used for frequency estimation and radio direction finding. History In many practical signal processing problems, the objective is to estimate from measurements a set of constant parameters upon which the received signals depend. There have been several approaches to such problems including the so-called maximum likelihood (ML) method of Capon (1969) and Burg's maximum entropy (ME) method. Although often successful and widely used, these methods have certain fundamental limitations (especially bias and sensitivity in parameter estimates), largely because they use an incorrect model (e.g., AR rather than special ARMA) of the measurements. Pisarenko (1973) was one of the first to exploit the structure of the data model, doing so in the context of estimation of parameters of complex sinusoids in additive noise using a covariance approach. Schmidt (1977), while working at Northrop Grumman and independently Bienvenu and Kopp (1979) were the first to correctly exploit the measurement model in the case of sensor arrays of arbitrary form. Schmidt, in particular, accomplished this by first deriving a complete geometric solution in the absence of noise, then cleverly extending the geometric concepts to obtain a reasonable approximate solution in the presence of noise. The resulting algorithm was called MUSIC (MUltiple SIgnal Classification) and has been widely studied. In a detailed evaluation based on thousands of simulations, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Lincoln Laboratory concluded in 1998 that, among currently accepted high-resolution algorithms, MUSIC was the most promising and a leading candidate for further study and actual hardware implementation. However, although the performance advantages of MUSIC are substantial, they are achieved at a cost in computation (searching over parameter space) and storage (of array calibration data). Theory MUSIC method assumes that a signal vector, , consists of complex exponentials, whose frequencies are unknown, in the presence of Gaussian white noise, , as given by the linear model Here is an Vandermonde matrix of steering vectors and is the amplitude vector. A crucial assumption is that number of sources, , is less than the number of elements in the measurement vector, , i.e. . The autocorrelation matrix of is then given by where is the noise variance, is identity matrix, and is the autocorrelation matrix of . The autocorrelation matrix is traditionally estimated using sample correlation matrix where is the number of vector observations and . Given the estimate of , MUSIC estimates the frequency content of the signal or autocorrelation matrix using an eigenspace method. Since is a Hermitian matrix, all of its eigenvectors are orthogonal to each other. If the eigenvalues of are sorted in decreasing order, the eigenvectors corresponding to the largest eigenvalues (i.e. directions of largest variability) span the signal subspace . The remaining eigenvectors correspond to eigenvalue equal to and span the noise subspace , which is orthogonal to the signal subspace, . Note that for , MUSIC is identical to Pisarenko harmonic decomposition. The general idea behind MUSIC method is to use all the eigenvectors that span the noise subspace to improve the performance of the Pisarenko estimator. Since any signal vector that resides in the signal subspace must be orthogonal to the noise subspace, , it must be that for all the eigenvectors that spans the noise subspace. In order to measure the degree of orthogonality of with respect to all the , the MUSIC algorithm defines a squared norm where the matrix is the matrix of eigenvectors that span the noise subspace . If , then as implied by the orthogonality condition. Taking a reciprocal of the squared norm expression creates sharp peaks at the signal frequencies. The frequency estimation function for MUSIC (or the pseudo-spectrum) is where are the noise eigenvectors and is the candidate steering vector. The locations of the largest peaks of the estimation function give the frequency estimates for the signal components MUSIC is a generalization of Pisarenko's method, and it reduces to Pisarenko's method when . In Pisarenko's method, only a single eigenvector is used to form the denominator of the frequency estimation function; and the eigenvector is interpreted as a set of autoregressive coefficients, whose zeros can be found analytically or with polynomial root finding algorithms. In contrast, MUSIC assumes that several such functions have been added together, so zeros may not be present. Instead there are local minima, which can be located by computationally searching the estimation function for peaks. Dimension of signal space The fundamental observation MUSIC and other subspace decomposition methods are based on is about the rank of the autocorrelation matrix which is related to number of signal sources as follows. If the sources are complex, then and the dimension of the signal subspace is . If sources are real, then and dimension of the signal subspace is , i.e. each real sinusoid is generated by two base vectors. This fundamental result, although often skipped in spectral analysis books, is a reason why the input signal can be distributed into signal subspace eigenvectors spanning ( for real valued signals) and noise subspace eigenvectors spanning . It is based on signal embedding theory and can also be explained by the topological theory of manifolds. Comparison to other methods MUSIC outperforms simple methods such as picking peaks of DFT spectra in the presence of noise, when the number of components is known in advance, because it exploits knowledge of this number to ignore the noise in its final report. Unlike DFT, it is able to estimate frequencies with accuracy higher than one sample, because its estimation function can be evaluated for any frequency, not just those of DFT bins. This is a form of superresolution. Its chief disadvantage is that it requires the number of components to be known in advance, so the original method cannot be used in more general cases. Methods exist for estimating the number of source components purely from statistical properties of the autocorrelation matrix. See, e.g. In addition, MUSIC assumes coexistent sources to be uncorrelated, which limits its practical applications. Recent iterative semi-parametric methods offer robust superresolution despite highly correlated sources, e.g., SAMV Other applications A modified version of MUSIC, denoted as Time-Reversal MUSIC (TR-MUSIC) has been recently applied to computational time-reversal imaging. MUSIC algorithm has also been implemented for fast detection of the DTMF frequencies (Dual-tone multi-frequency signaling) in the form of C library - libmusic (see for MATLAB implementation). See also Spectral density estimation Periodogram Matched filter Welch's method Bartlett's method SAMV (algorithm) Radio direction finding Pitch detection algorithm High-resolution microscopy References Further reading The estimation and tracking of frequency, Quinn and Hannan, Cambridge University Press 2001. Digital signal processing
Galactic core or galaxy core can refer to: Astronomy Galactic Center of the Milky Way Nucleus region of a galaxy Active galactic nucleus, of a regular galaxy Bulge (astronomy), the core of spiral galaxies in general Central massive object, the mass concentration at the center of a galaxy Supermassive black hole, the core of most galaxies Smartphones Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Advance Samsung Galaxy Core LTE Other A computer video game developed by Spiderweb Software. See also Galactic Center (disambiguation)
An interface control document (ICD) in systems engineering and software engineering, provides a record of all interface information (such as drawings, diagrams, tables, and textual information) generated for a project. The underlying interface documents provide the details and describe the interface or interfaces between subsystems or to a system or subsystem. Overview An ICD is the umbrella document over the system interfaces; examples of what these interface specifications should describe include: The inputs and outputs of a single system, documented in individual SIRS (Software Interface Requirements Specifications) and HIRS (Hardware Interface Requirements Specifications) documents, would fall under "The Wikipedia Interface Control Document". The interface between two systems or subsystems, e.g. "The Doghouse to Outhouse Interface" would also have a parent ICD. The complete interface protocol from the lowest physical elements (e.g., the mating plugs, the electrical signal voltage levels) to the highest logical levels (e.g., the level 7 application layer of the OSI model) would each be documented in the appropriate interface requirements spec and fall under a single ICD for the "system". The purpose of the ICD is to control and maintain a record of system interface information for a given project. This includes all possible inputs to and all potential outputs from a system for some potential or actual user of the system. The internal interfaces of a system or subsystem are documented in their respective interface requirements specifications, while human-machine interfaces might be in a system design document (such as a software design document). Interface control documents are a key element of systems engineering as they control the documented interface(s) of a system, as well as specify a set of interface versions that work together, and thereby bound the requirements. Characteristics An application programming interface is a form of interface for a software system, in that it describes how to access the functions and services provided by a system via an interface. If a system producer wants others to be able to use the system, an ICD and interface specs (or their equivalent) is a worthwhile investment. An ICD should only describe the detailed interface documentation itself, and not the characteristics of the systems which use it to connect. The function and logic of those systems should be described in their own requirements and design documents as needed. In this way, independent teams can develop the connecting systems which use the interface specified, without regard to how other systems will react to data and signals which are sent over the interface. For example, the ICD and associated interface documentation must include information about the size, format, and what is measured by the data, but not any ultimate meaning of the data in its intended use by any user. An adequately defined interface will allow one team to test its implementation of the interface by simulating the opposing side with a simple communications simulator. Not knowing the business logic of the system on the far side of an interface makes it more likely that one will develop a system that does not break when the other system changes its business rules and logic. (Provision for limits or sanity checking should be pointedly avoided in an interface requirements specification.) Thus, good modularity and abstraction leading to easy maintenance and extensibility are achieved. Criticism Critics of requirements documentation and systems engineering in general often complain of the over-emphasis on documentation. ICDs are often present on document-driven projects, but may be useful on agile projects as well (although not explicitly named as such). An ICD need not be a textual document. It may be an (evolving) table of goes-intos and comes-out-ofs, a dynamic database representing each subsystem as a DB view, a set of interaction diagrams, etc. ICDs are often used where subsystems are developed asynchronously in time, since they provide a structured way to communicate information about subsystems interfaces between different subsystem design teams. References Application programming interfaces Systems engineering
Manufacturing operations management (MOM) is a collection of systems for managing end-to-end manufacturing processes with a view to optimizing efficiency. There are many types of MOM software, including for production management, performance analysis, quality and compliance, and human machine interface (HMI). Production management software provides real-time information about jobs and orders, labor and materials, machine status, and product shipments. Performance analysis software displays metrics at the machine, line, plant and enterprise level for situational or historical analysis. Quality and compliance software is used to promote compliance with standards and specifications for operational processes and procedures. HMI software is a form of manufacturing operations management (MOM) software that enables operators to manage industrial and process control machinery using a computer-based interface. Emerging Software Trends Advancements in technology and market demands are enabling new capabilities in MOM software platforms, gradually closing gaps in end-user needs. Collaboration Capabilities: Collaboration and workflow services support people-to-people, people-to-systems, and systems-to-systems interactions, enforcing procedures and rules while flexibly adapting to real-time situations with alternate workflows and processes. Security Services: Future manufacturing platforms will leverage common security services that determine roles, responsibilities, authorities, and access across all systems and application functions while fitting into corporate IT security schemes. Asset & Production Model: Future manufacturing platforms will have a unified asset and production model that supports all of the interrelationships between physical production equipment, facilities, inventory/materials and people, as well as production definitions such as the manufacturing bill of materials, productions orders, etc. This contrasts with older systems that either had subsets of these interrelationships across multiple databases, or could not effectively deal with federating across multiple systems of record. Operations Database & Historians: Evolving from older systems that had separate historians and production databases that were difficult to correlate across, service-based platforms will have a unified operations database and historian. This will capture and aggregate all time-series and production event information surrounding everything involved in each product and production run with a full genealogy of components and materials, related performance information, and federation across other systems and devices of record. Visualization and Mobility: Today, different MOM applications support different graphical user interfaces, Web interfaces, specific mobile applications, etc. The future manufacturing platform will provide common visualization and mobility for a consistent user interface experience across different form factors, supporting dedicated and mobile workers that are orchestrated by consistent workflows and procedures. Smaller and Focused 'Apps': Today’s monolithic systems and applications have too many interdependencies of databases, operate inconsistently, and are not inherently integrated. Being able to take advantage of many of the common software platform services described above, modular apps will be significantly smaller, simpler, and focused. These apps will be much lighter weight in functionality, and, as a result, significantly easier and faster to develop. See also Manufacturing execution system Manufacturing process management Operations execution system Product life cycle management References External links ANSI/ISA-95.00.03-2005 Enterprise-Control System Integration, Part 3: Models of Manufacturing Operations Management MES Center Association, MES Center is a non-profit organization that provides information and trends to those who are interested in control and monitoring of production processes, detailed scheduling, production logistics, production quality management and maintenance from the perspective of MES / MOM information systems Manufacturing software
Babar Ahmad (; born London, England, May 1974) is a British Muslim of Pakistani descent who spent eight years in prison without trial in the United Kingdom from 2004 to 2012 fighting extradition to the United States. The US accused him of providing material support to terrorism via a website that he set up in the UK in 1996 to publish stories about the conflicts in Bosnia and Chechnya, but which in 2000–2001 allowed two articles to be posted on the site offering support to the then Taliban government in Afghanistan. The US accepted that the website was operated from the UK but claimed jurisdiction because one of the servers hosting the website was located in the US. He fought a public eight-year legal battle, from prison, to be tried in Britain but the British Crown Prosecution Service concluded that there was "insufficient evidence to prosecute" him. In 2009, the High Court in London awarded Ahmad £60,000 compensation after the London Metropolitan Police admitted that its officers had subjected him to "serious gratuitous prolonged unjustified violence" and "religious abuse" during his arrest which led to 73 injuries. It was revealed that the officers, who abused Ahmad were also accused of dozens of other assaults on black and Asian men but the four officers were acquitted by a jury in June 2011. In October 2015, a London High Court of Justice judge ruled that PC Mark Jones, one of the officers acquitted in the Ahmad case, assaulted and racially abused two Arab teenage boys in another case. In 2011, celebrities and senior British lawyers backed a public campaign which led to 140,000 British citizens signing a UK Government e-petition calling for him to be tried in the UK. His case was subsequently debated twice in the British Parliament. Ahmad was finally extradited to the US in October 2012, having become the longest-serving British prisoner to be detained without trial in the UK. He spent the next two years of pre-trial detention in solitary confinement in Northern Correctional Institutional, a Supermax prison in the US State of Connecticut. In December 2013, after his first year in solitary confinement and after being in prison for over nine years without trial, Ahmad pleaded guilty to two of the charges against him as part of a plea bargain that would allow him to return home within the year. He pleaded guilty to "conspiracy and providing material support to terrorism." In July 2014, US federal Judge Janet Hall sentenced Ahmad to an unexpectedly lenient sentence of 12-and-a-half years in prison, meaning that with credit for time served he only had another 12 months to serve. Judge Hall concluded that Ahmad was never interested in terrorism, stating, "There was never any aid given by these defendants to effectuate a plot. By plot, I mean a terrorist plot ... Neither of these two defendants were interested in what is commonly known as terrorism ..." Hall stated that Ahmad "never supported or believed in or associated with Al-Qaida or Osama bin Laden." Judge Hall described Ahmad as a "good person" who she believed posed no threat to the public and stated she had weighed the seriousness of his crime with his good character after reading thousands of letters of support and hearing from British prison officials who described him as an exemplary inmate. Judge Hall said "It appears to me that he [Babar] is a generous, thoughtful person who is funny and honest. He is well liked and humane and empathetic... This is a good person who does not and will not act in the future to harm other people." Ahmad was released in July 2015 and returned to the UK where Metropolitan Police officers welcomed him at London Heathrow Airport then offered to drive him home to his family. Upon his release he stated, "Eleven years of solitary confinement and isolation in ten different prisons has been an experience too profound to sum up in a few words here and now... In October 2012, I was blindfolded, shackled and forcibly stripped naked when I was extradited to the US." He added that "US and UK government officials" had treated him with respect after his release. In March 2016, he told The Observer in his first press interview since his release that he was "wrong and naive" to advocate support for the Taliban government back in 2001. Early life and education Babar Ahmad was born and brought up in Tooting, London. His parents emigrated to Britain from Pakistan in 1963. His father worked as a Foreign Office civil servant for 30 years and his mother is a retired science teacher. Ahmad was educated at Emanuel School, where he won academic prizes and obtained outstanding results in his GCSE and A-Level exams. He then attended university obtaining a master's degree in Engineering from the University of London in 1996. Before imprisonment Ahmad fought on and off in the Bosnian War from 1992 until 1995. Before his imprisonment in August 2004, Ahmad was working in the IT department at Imperial College, University of London. In December 2003 Babar was arrested at his home in Tooting, South London. In March 2009, the London Metropolitan Police agreed to pay Ahmad £60,000 in damages after admitting he was subjected to "violent assault and religious abuse" during the arrest raid. US prosecution of Ahmad and extradition battle Babar Ahmad was re-arrested in London on 5 August 2004 on charges of providing material support to terrorism. An affidavit filed with the US court detailed that Ahmad established Azzam.com, a website established in 1996 that later solicited support for Chechen insurgents and the Taliban regime in 2000/01. It further stated that items recovered from a house used by Ahmad included a floppy disk containing a detailed description of the movements of the US Fifth Fleet battlegroup. Ahmad was later indicted by a grand jury of US citizens in October 2004. Another man, Syed Talha Ahsan, was indicted in 2006 of involvement with Ahmad and with the battlegroup information in the document. In 2008, a US former navy seaman, Abu Jihad, was indicted and convicted of disclosing the classified information on the battlegroup but he was cleared of terrorism charges. However, when sentencing Ahmad on 16 July 2014, federal district Judge Janet Hall ruled that "nothing was done with the information" found in Ahmad's possession so, "the battle group document, besides showing that the Navy enlisted man was a traitor to his country, it also shows that Mr. Ahmad and Mr. Ahsan had absolutely no interest in operational terrorist actions that would harm the United States." US extradition documents stated that "at all times material to the indictment" Babar Ahmad was resident in London. The Crown Prosecution Service declared in July 2004 and December 2006, as did the UK Attorney General Lord Goldsmith in September 2006, that there was "insufficient evidence" to charge Ahmad with any criminal offence under UK law. Having been refused bail, Ahmad was detained in prison until his extradition on 5 October 2012. On 17 May 2005, Senior District Judge Timothy Workman approved his extradition at Bow Street Magistrates' Court, stating: "This is a troubling and difficult case. The defendant is a British citizen who is alleged to have committed offences which, if the evidence were available, could have been prosecuted in this country". In September 2005, Sadiq Khan, Member of Parliament for Tooting, presented a petition of 18,000 signatures to the Home Secretary Charles Clarke asking for Babar Ahmad to be tried in the UK, instead of being extradited. On 16 November 2005, Clarke approved his extradition to the United States. On 28 November 2005, the UK Parliamentary Home Affairs Select Committee raised serious concerns about the one-sided UK-US extradition arrangements and, in particular, the case of Babar Ahmad. In a House of Commons emergency debate on 12 July 2006 about UK-US extradition, MPs from all parties raised concerns at the case of Babar Ahmad. His name has also been mentioned repeatedly in both the House of Commons and the House of Lords in relation to UK-US extradition. On 30 November 2006, Ahmad lost his appeal at the High Court. On 4 June 2007, the House of Lords refused to grant him leave to appeal to them. On 10 June 2007, the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg (France) ordered the UK Government to freeze Babar Ahmad's extradition until they had fully determined his final appeal. In 2009, the High Court in London awarded Ahmad £60,000 compensation after the London Metropolitan Police admitted that its officers had subjected him to "serious gratuitous prolonged unjustified violence" and "religious abuse" during his arrest which led to 73 injuries. It was revealed that the officers, who abused Ahmad were also accused of dozens of other assaults on black and Asian men. The revelation lead the Mayor of London Boris Johnson to order an independent review of the case. In 2010, the review led the Crown Prosecution Service to announce that four serving police officers would face criminal charges for assaulting Ahmad. The four officers were acquitted by a jury in June 2011. In October 2015, a London High Court of Justice judge ruled that PC Mark Jones, one of the officers acquitted in the Ahmad case, assaulted and racially abused two Arab teenage boys in another case. On 8 July 2010, the European Court of Human Rights of the Council of Europe, at Strasbourg, imposed a temporary stay on the extradition of Ahmad et al. to the United States to face terrorism charges, until the Court was satisfied that he would not be liable or subject inhumane treatment. The Court based its judgement on the European Convention on Human Rights, which is incorporated as the Human Rights Act 1998 in English and British law. In past cases, the ECtHR had ruled to prevent the United Kingdom and the British Government from deporting, extraditing or repatriating terrorism suspects to other countries, where they would be subject or liable to, or where there was a likelihood that they would be subject or liable to, torture, or to degrading or inhumane treatment. In Babar Ahmad and Others v the United Kingdom the legal representatives of the litigants, argued that extradition to a country, where they might be imprisoned for life, with no possibility of release on parole, and where the penal regime is in comparison excessively harsh, amounted also to degrading or inhumane treatment, and that the extradition therefore ought to be refused. On 22 June 2011, the Houses of Parliament Joint Committee on Human Rights urged the UK government to change the law so that Ahmad's perpetual threat of extradition is ended without further delay. In November 2011, celebrities and senior British lawyers backed a public campaign which led to 140,000 British citizens signing a UK Government e-petition calling for him to be tried in the UK. His case was subsequently debated twice in the British Parliament. On 10 April 2012, the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg (France) ruled that Ahmad could be extradited to the United States. On 24 April 2012, the BBC reported the testimony of a British man convicted of plotting to blow up an aircraft, from the trial of Adis Medunjanin in New York City. Saajid Badat alleged that he was radicalised by Babar Ahmad but when sentencing Ahmad in July 2012, Judge Hall ruled, "As to whether he [Mr Ahmad] radicalized anyone, I don't understand that. I think that the only person radicalized in this case is the cooperating witness. It's pretty clear to me that Mr. Ahmad is not responsible for radicalizing him. He may have played a role in getting the cooperating witness to go to Afghanistan to get training, but even the cooperating witness acknowledges that, unlike what Mr. Ahmad wanted him to do, which was to return to England to complete his education, he turned away from that and was, in fact, radicalized by Khaled Sheikh Mohammed and Osama bin Laden whom he met in Afghanistan." Ahmad was extradited from the UK to the United States on 5 October 2012. The removal process took place on the evening, when Babar Ahmad and Talha Ahsan were taken from HM Prison Long Lartin, to RAF Mildenhall in Suffolk, which is used by the US Air Force, from where he was placed into the physical custody of the awaiting United States officials. Three other terror suspects in unrelated cases were also extradited at the same time. Ahmad later stated that he was "blindfolded, shackled and forcibly stripped naked" during his extradition. He landed in Connecticut on the morning of 6 October. After spending two years in solitary confinement at a US Supermax prison he pleaded guilty to "conspiracy and providing material to support to terrorism". In 2014, US federal Judge Janet Hall sentenced Ahmad to an unexpectedly lenient sentence and concluded that Ahmad was never interested in terrorism, stating, "There was never any aid given by these defendants to effectuate a plot. By plot, I mean a terrorist plot ... Neither of these two defendants were interested in what is commonly known as terrorism ..." She described Ahmad as a "good person" who she believed posed no threat to the public and stated she had weighed the seriousness of his crime with his good character after reading thousands of letters of support and hearing from British prison officials who described him as an exemplary inmate. Judge Hall said "It appears to me that he [Babar] is a generous, thoughtful person who is funny and honest. He is well liked and humane and empathetic... This is a good person who does not and will not act in the future to harm other people." In July 2015, Ahmad was released from prison in the US and returned to the UK. Upon his release he stated, "Eleven years of solitary confinement and isolation in ten different prisons has been an experience too profound to sum up in a few words here and now... In October 2012, I was blindfolded, shackled and forcibly stripped naked when I was extradited to the US." He added that "US and UK government officials" had treated him with respect after his release. Police abuse case Babar Ahmad was first arrested at his Tooting home on 2 December 2003 by UK anti-terrorist police of 1 Unit 1 Area Territorial Support Group based at the high security Paddington Green Police Station. By the time he arrived in the custody suite of the police station, he had sustained at least 73 injuries, all later documented by both police and independent doctors, as well as in photographic and video evidence. He filed a formal complaint that was supervised by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC). He complained that officers had beaten him with fists and knees, stamped on his bare feet with boots, rubbed metal handcuffs on his forearm bones, sexually abused him, mocked the Islamic faith by placing him into the Muslim prayer position and taunting, "Where is your God now?", and applied life-threatening neck holds to him until he felt he was about to die. Officers denied the claims, saying Ahmad had battled like a "caged tiger" during his arrest, adding his injuries were either self-inflicted or caused by a legal tackle that took him to the ground when he was first detained. On 10 September 2004, the Crown Prosecution Service announced that there was "insufficient evidence" to prosecute any of the police officers involved in the attack. However, on 17 January 2005 the IPCC declared that PC Roderick James-Bowen (born 1971) would face internal police disciplinary procedures over the alleged assault. On 13 April 2005, PC James-Bowen was cleared at a Police Misconduct Tribunal held at Woolwich Crown Court. Metropolitan Police Commander Andre Baker, the President of the Tribunal, stated that PC James-Bowen should be "commended, not castigated... for his great bravery" in arresting Ahmad. On 18 March 2009, Babar Ahmad was awarded £60,000 compensation at the High Court in London after the Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson admitted that he had been the victim of a "serious, gratuitous and prolonged attack" during the December 2003 raid on his house, which had resulted in 73 injuries. On 26 March 2009, Mayor of London Boris Johnson announced an inquiry into the Babar Ahmad case with external judicial oversight by retired judge Sir Geoffrey Grigson, to report back to the Metropolitan Police Authority.- On 3 November 2009, following his acquittal in a separate racial abuse trial, 42-year-old PC Mark Jones of 1 Area TSG was named as being involved with the attack on Babar Ahmad. The Director of Public Prosecutions, Keir Starmer QC, announced that he was taking the case "very seriously" while considering whether to prosecute PC Jones and the other officers involved in the alleged assault on Babar Ahmad. In August 2010, it was announced that Police Constables Nigel Cowley, John Donohue, Roderick James-Bowen and Mark Jones would be prosecuted for their part in the alleged assault on Babar Ahmad. The trial began on Tuesday, 3 May 2011, at Southwark Crown Court, London. On 3 June 2011, they were found not guilty. The jury had not been informed of the 2009 police admission, nor the £60,000 compensation. In October 2015, a London High Court of Justice judge ruled that PC Mark Jones, one of the officers acquitted in the Babar Ahmad case, assaulted and racially abused two Arab teenage boys in another case. Monitoring of MP visit to Ahmad On 3 February 2008, the Sunday Times newspaper reported that UK anti-terrorist police had covertly bugged prison visits between Babar Ahmad and his local MP, Sadiq Khan, Member of Parliament for Tooting. The bugged conversations took place at Woodhill Prison in May 2005 and June 2006. This information was reportedly leaked to the press by the police officer who had conducted the covert surveillance of the visits. The bugging allegedly contravened both legal privilege and the Wilson Doctrine that had outlawed surveillance of MPs in 1966. Following widespread international media coverage of the revelation, the then Secretary of State for Justice, Jack Straw MP, announced in Parliament that he had asked a retired High Court judge, Sir Christopher Rose, to conduct an official inquiry into the affair. The Rose Inquiry reported back to the House of Commons later in February 2008, stating that the police had done nothing wrong, causing some commentators to dismiss the report and to criticise Rose for failing to interview the police officers who had bugged Khan. References Sources "UK terror suspect Babar Ahmad returns home from US", 19 July 2015 "The Ordeal of Babar Ahmad and Talha Ahsan", 19 July 2014 "Jihad, justice and the American way: is this a model for fair terrorism trials?", 17 July 2014 "Official Court Sentencing Transcript of United States vs Babar Ahmad, US District Court, District of Connecticut 3:04CR301(JCH), 16 July 2014 "Babar Ahmad sentenced to 12.5 years for supporting Islamic terrorists", 16 July 2014 "Hansard transcript of House of Commons debate on extradition", 5 December 2011 "Hansard transcript of House of Commons Westminster Hall debate on extradition", 24 November 2011 "High Court order of Metropolitan Police admitting abuse and offering compensation, 18 March 2009 External links "Freebabarahmad.com" "Bbabarahmad.com" 1974 births Living people Alumni of Imperial College London British people imprisoned abroad English Muslims English people of Pakistani descent European Court of Human Rights cases involving the United Kingdom People extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
seaQuest DSV is an action/strategy video game depiction of the seaQuest DSV television series for developed by Sculptured Software. A Super Nintendo Entertainment System version was published in 1994 and a Sega Genesis port in 1995. The player captains the submarine seaQuest DSV 4600 to carry out a series of missions in a scrolling, underwater environment. The seaQuest DSV game for the Game Boy is completely different from the console versions. Gameplay The game is divided into two parts; one in which the player controls the seaQuest in an isometric perspective overworld and is able to buy equipment and weapons and travel the ocean quadrant, and scrolling shooter style missions in which the player must achieve various objectives using a complement of mini-subs, robots, and a trained dolphin wearing an aqua-lung. Some of the missions are simplistic and require the player to make use of only one of the seaQuest's vessels; others have the player make use of several of them in succession. For example, there is a mission in the first ocean quadrants where the player must rescue the crew of an exploration vessel trapped in a caved-in underwater cave, and has to use armed subs to clear several cave-ins before they can bring in the only mini-sub that is equipped to rescue personnel from other subs. The missions also typically involve combat between the player's mini-subs and the units of pirates, eco-terrorists, and other foes, but also more often than not require the player to perform some sort of non-combat task such as the aforementioned rescue operation. The other part of the game is the overworld where the player controls the seaQuest herself. These areas give the player access to several menus in which they can replace lost equipment, buy new weapons for the seaQuest, and read up on the various missions received while in that quadrant. While traveling a quadrant, the player comes across minefields, automated torpedo launchers and hostile submarines, many of which the player needs to destroy in order to achieve missions. For example, there is a mission in which the player is to seal the leaks in an oil tanker sunk by ecological terrorists. In addition to accomplish this objective with the mini-subs, the player needs to not only complete the mission itself, but also to use the seaQuest herself to sink every terrorist submarine near the oil tanker wreck. The player receives money for destroying enemy targets and completing objectives. The player can lose money for destroying underwater settlements and killing animals present in some missions. Money is spent on weapons, countermeasures and mines for the player's seaQuest submarine, as well as replacements for lost vessels in missions. The player has no need to spend money on repairs, though, as the seaQuest and her complement subs repair themselves over time. Development THQ worked with the computer graphics team at Amblin Entertainment to make the seaQuest DSV game accurate and realistic to the designs seen in the series. Several of the original unused concept designs for the seaQuest (seen right), as well as concepts for the renegade pirate Delta IV submarine that was featured in the series pilot movie, were used in the game as enemy capital ships. Reception Nintendo Power featured the SNES version in the "Classified Information" section of issue 75 and 82 of Nintendo Power. GamePro gave the SNES version a positive review, praising the intellectual challenge, the variety in how each of the five vehicles has different controls and purposes, and the 3D graphics effects on the ships. Next Generation reviewed the Genesis version of the game, rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "If you have both systems, the SNES version is far superior. But Genesis owners won't be disappointed (unless they play the SNES first like we did)." See also List of underwater science fiction works References External links 1994 video games Sega Genesis games Super Nintendo Entertainment System games Malibu Interactive games THQ games Science fiction video games SeaQuest DSV Submarine simulation video games Video games based on television series Video games with isometric graphics Video games developed in the United States
ND-COSMOS was the proprietary computer networking system developed by Norsk Data as the second generation NORDNET system. It offered very tight integration with the ND-NOTIS applications, as well as the SINTRAN III operating systems. In many ways, it was a strong parallel to DEC's DECnet Phase IV system. The network system was peer-to-peer, and the NOTIS document storage system could also have redundant servers, which made for very good service reliability. The name was internally a pun on its recently released small computer, known as the ND Satellite. It could function on a wide variety of different link layers, including Ethernet, X.25, HDLC, Bisync, and asynchronous serial ports. Sources Proprietary software Internet Protocol based network software Norsk Data software
In cryptography, Mercy is a tweakable block cipher designed by Paul Crowley for disk encryption. The block size is 4096 bits—unusually large for a block cipher, but a standard disk sector size. Mercy uses a 128-bit secret key, along with a 128-bit non-secret tweak for each block. In disk encryption, the sector number would be used as a tweak. Mercy uses a 6-round Feistel network structure with partial key whitening. The round function uses a key-dependent state machine which borrows some structure from the stream cipher WAKE, with key-dependent S-boxes based on the Nyberg S-boxes also used in AES. Scott Fluhrer has discovered a differential attack that works against the full 6 rounds of Mercy. This attack can even be extended to a seven-round variant. References Broken block ciphers Feistel ciphers
Babylon is a computer dictionary and translation program developed by the Israeli company Babylon Software Ltd. based in the city of Or Yehuda. The company was established in 1997 by the Israeli entrepreneur Amnon Ovadia. Its IPO took place ten years later. It is considered a part of Israel's Download Valley, a cluster of software companies monetizing "free" software downloads through adware. Babylon includes in-house proprietary dictionaries, as well as community-created dictionaries and glossaries. It is a tool used for translation and conversion of currencies, measurements and time, and for obtaining other contextual information. The program also uses a text-to-speech agent, so users hear the proper pronunciation of words and text. Babylon has developed 36 English-based proprietary dictionaries in 21 languages. In 2008–2009, Babylon reported earnings of 50 million NIS through its collaboration with Google. Between 2010 and 2013, Babylon became infamous for demonstrating questionable behavior typical of malware: A Babylon Toolbar bundled with Babylon and other software, has been widely identified as a browser hijacker that is very easy to install inadvertently and unnecessarily difficult to remove. This eventually led to Google terminating its agreement with Babylon Ltd. in 2013. History In 1995, Israeli entrepreneur Amnon Ovadia began a project for an online English–Hebrew dictionary which would not interrupt the reading process. As a result, Babylon Ltd. was founded in 1997 and launched the first version of Babylon. On 25 September 1997, the company filed a patent for text recognition and translation. In 1998, a year following its launch date, Babylon had two million users, mostly in Germany and Brazil, growing from 420,000 to 2.5 million users in the course of that year. In the same year, Formula Systems, headed by Dan Goldstein, acquired Mashov Computers and became the largest shareholder in the company. By 2000, the product had over 4 million users. In the spring of 2000, Babylon Ltd. failed to raise $20 million in a private placement and lost NIS 15 million. Further stress came with the collapse of the Dot-com bubble. In 2001, Babylon Ltd. continued shedding money, with the company costing its parent company Formula Vision NIS 4.7 million. Since 2007, Babylon Ltd. () has been a publicly traded company. Its IPO took place in February 2007; Israeli businessman Noam Lanir purchased controlling interests in the company for $10.5 million, sharing management with second majority shareholder Reed Elsevier and the Company founder, Amnon Ovadia. According to Globes magazine in January 2011, Lanir received an offer for his stake from a foreign private equity fund that valued the company at NIS 248 million (approximately 70 million dollars). In 2008–2009, Babylon reported earnings of NIS 50 million through its collaboration with Google. In 2010, Google Ireland signed an extended cooperation agreement with Babylon to provide it with online search and pay-per-click advertising services. In 2011, Babylon was named the seventh most popular website in Libya, the eighth in Algeria and the eleventh in Tunisia. According to Globes magazine, Noam Lanir, who acquired control of Babylon for NIS 20 million, made a paper profit of NIS 200 million on his investment in 2012. According to the same source, the Babylon website achieved an Alexa ranking of 45 in April 2012. In October 2014, the translation business was purchased by Babylon Software Ltd. Product features A single click on any text using the right mouse button or combination of the right mouse button and a keyboard modifier, and the Babylon window appears providing a translation and definition of the clicked term. Babylon is a tool used for translation and conversion of currencies, measurements and time, and for obtaining other contextual information. Babylon has a patented OCR technology and a single-click activation that works in any Microsoft Windows application, such as Microsoft Word, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Excel, Internet Explorer and Adobe Reader. When activated, Babylon opens a small popup window that displays the translation or definition. To solve the incompatibility problem of Babylon OCR browsers extension; users can benefit from Capture2Text free app version 3.9 (only 3.9v) which is compatible with Babylon 8 or another version. While dragging its capture box in any text from any browsers, then a pop-up box appears and Babylon could easily grasp it. Babylon provides full text translation, full Web page and full document translation in many languages and supports integration with Microsoft Office. Babylon enables the translation of Microsoft Word documents and plain text files. It offers results from a database of over 1,700 sources in over 75 languages. Dictionaries and encyclopedias Babylon includes its in-house proprietary dictionaries, community-created dictionaries and glossaries (UGC), which include general and technical dictionaries, language and monolingual dictionaries, thesauri, encyclopedias and lexicons in a multitude of languages. They are indexed in 400 categories covering the arts, business, computers, health, law, entertainment, sports and so on. The program also uses a text-to-speech agent so users hear the proper pronunciation of words and text. Babylon Ltd. has developed 36 English-based proprietary dictionaries in 21 languages (English, Arabic, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Swedish and Turkish) that are free of charge to users of the software. These dictionaries comprise between 60,000 and 200,000 terms, phrases, acronyms and abbreviations and are enabled with a morphological engine which facilitates recognition of all inflected forms of single words and phrases, provides all forms of terms that include prefixes and extensions and supplies a solution for all formats of writing. Babylon's Linguistic Department is responsible for the extensive content and information database which is a significant component of Babylon's Product. Malware issues On 7 August 2010, Microsoft antivirus products identified the software application as adware (identified as "Adware: Win32/Babylon") due to potentially intrusive behavior. Sixteen days later, on 23 August 2010, Microsoft announced that Babylon Ltd. had modified the program and that it was no longer categorized as adware. In 2011, Download.com started bundling the Babylon Toolbar with open-source packages such as Nmap. Gordon Lyon, the developer of Nmap, criticized the decision. The vice-president of Download.com, Sean Murphy, released an apology: "The bundling of this software was a mistake on our part and we apologize to the user and developer communities for the unrest it caused." In 2012 the Babylon search toolbar was identified as a browser hijacker that, while very easy to install inadvertently, is unnecessarily difficult to remove afterwards. The toolbar is listed as an unwanted application by anti-spyware software such as Stopzilla or Spybot – Search & Destroy. Many users, trying to uninstall Babylon, have searched for help on different support forums. The toolbar tends to install itself onto computers as an add-on with other software and changes users' home page to the Babylon search engine, adds the search engine to the computer and sets itself as the default. It changes browser preferences such as the user's home page and search engine, changes that can be very difficult to reverse. On 29 October 2013, Google notified Babylon that it did not intend to renew its cooperation agreement between the two companies, which terminated on 30 November 2013. Google said that complaints had been received from Google Chrome users, claiming that the Babylon toolbar damages the browser's user experience. According to Babylon, Google may have reconsidered the decision during 2014. Since that point Babylon Software no longer distributes any toolbars or offers any 3rd party software. See also Anki StarDict Comparison of machine translation applications Download Valley References External links Dictionary software Machine translation Israeli brands Software companies of Israel Companies listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Housewife, 49 is a 2006 television film based on the wartime diaries of Nella Last. Written by and starring English actress and comedian Victoria Wood, it follows the experiences of an ordinary housewife and mother in the Northern English town of Barrow-in-Furness, Lancashire, during the Second World War. It was first broadcast in the UK by ITV on 10 December 2006. Plot The Mass-Observation project was set up in 1937 by Charles Madge, a poet and journalist and Tom Harrisson, an anthropologist to 'record the voice of ordinary people'. They recruited volunteer 'observers' to report to them and in 1939 invited people to send them an account of their lives. Nella Last was one of 500 people who took up this offer. Her diaries sent weekly are headed "Housewife, 49", her age when she first began the correspondence.<ref>Nella Last's War, p. ii.</ref> Her diaries sent to Mass-Observation, often written in pencil, provide the narrative of the play as it unfolds her life. Edited versions of her diary have been published:Nella Last's War edited by Richard Broad and Suzy Fleming appeared first in 1981 and has been more recently re-published by Profile Books in 2007. Housewife, 49 is based on this book which covers the years 1939 to 1945.Nella Last's Peace, which appeared in 2009, includes diary entries from her immediate post-war years. A third volume, Nella Last in the 1950s: Further diaries of Housewife, 49, which includes material not published in Nella Last's War, was published in 2010. In some scenes, the staff of Mass-Observation are seen reacting to, and sometimes visibly moved by, her letters. During the course of the programme, Last moves from being an introverted, isolated, and depressed individual in a difficult marriage, to become an outgoing character who, through her voluntary work during wartime, becomes a backbone of the local community. At the end of the programme it is explained that Nella continued to write to Mass-Observation until her death in 1968. The original diary, together with hundreds of other diaries and Mass-Observation's other papers, are now held within the Mass-Observation Archive, housed by the University of Sussex at The Keep, Brighton. It also documents the lead character's changing relationships with those around her; standing up to her domineering husband (David Threlfall), developing a close but sometimes strained friendship with Mrs Waite (Stephanie Cole) the head of the Local Women's Voluntary Service, and her changing relationships with her eldest son Arthur (Ben Crompton), and her younger son Cliff (Christopher Harper) who is altered by his experiences of combat. It is also implied that Cliff, who in real life became a sculptor in Australia, was gay; although Nella either does not realise or refuses to acknowledge it. Cast Victoria Wood as Nella Last, Housewife 49 David Threlfall as 'Daddy', husband Will Last Christopher Harper as Cliff Last, youngest son Ben Crompton as Arthur Last, eldest son Lorraine Ashbourne as Dot, Nella's sister in law Sally Bankes as Mrs Whittaker Stephanie Cole as Mrs Waite, head of the Local WVS Reception CriticalThe Guardian thought it revealed Victoria Wood "to be both a far better writer than we had ever guessed and a far better actor as well." Awards The film won two British Academy Television Awards in 2007: "Best Single Drama", and "Best Actress" for Victoria Wood for her portrayal of Nella Last. It also won Best Single Drama at the Royal Television Society Programme Awards and received a nominations for Costume Design - Drama at the Royal Television Society Craft & Design Awards. Home mediaHousewife, 49 was released on DVD in the US on 11 March 2008. In other media Theatre In September 2013, Victoria Wood chose the small Old Laundry theatre in Bowness-on-Windermere as the venue for the premiere of the stage version of Housewife 49. Bibliography Nellie Last (2006). Nella Last's War: The Second World War Diaries of 'Housewife, 49'. Profile Books. . External links Newspaper interview with Victoria Wood, Manchester Evening News'', 2010–04. Filming the railway sequences in Housewife, 49 References 2006 television films 2006 films 2000s English-language films British television films Films directed by Gavin Millar Films set in Cumbria Films shot in England Films with screenplays by Victoria Wood ITV television dramas Television series by ITV Studios Television shows produced by Granada Television World War II films based on actual events
The Fingerprint Verification Competition (FVC) is an international competition for fingerprint verification algorithms organized in 2000 by the Biometric System Laboratory (University of Bologna), the U.S. National Biometric Test Center (San Jose State University) and the Pattern Recognition and Image Processing Laboratory (Michigan State University). After the success of the first edition (FVC2000), three other editions were organized every two years (FVC2002, FVC2004 and FVC2006). These events received great attention both from academic and industrial biometric communities. They established a common benchmark, allowing developers to unambiguously compare their algorithms, and provided an overview of the state-of-the-art in fingerprint recognition. After the fourth edition, the interest shown in previous editions by the biometrics community has prompted the Biometric System Laboratory (University of Bologna) to organize a new online evaluation campaign not only limited to fingerprint verification algorithms: FVC-onGoing. FVC-onGoing offers web-based automatic evaluation of biometric algorithms on a set of sequestered datasets, reporting results using well known performance indicators and metrics. While previous FVC initiatives were organized as “competitions”, with specific calls and fixed time frames, FVC-onGoing is: an “on going competition” always open to new participants; an evolving online repository of evaluation metrics and results. References D. Maio, D. Maltoni, R. Cappelli, J.L. Wayman and A.K. Jain, "FVC2000: Fingerprint Verification Competition", IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis Machine Intelligence, vol.24, no.3, pp.402-412, March 2002. D. Maio, D. Maltoni, R. Cappelli, J.L. Wayman and A.K. Jain, "FVC2002: Second Fingerprint Verification Competition", in proceedings 16th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR2002), Québec City, vol.3, pp.811-814, August 2002. D. Maio, D. Maltoni, R. Cappelli, J.L. Wayman and A.K. Jain, "FVC2004: Third Fingerprint Verification Competition", in proceedings International Conference on Biometric Authentication (ICBA04), Hong Kong, pp.1-7, July 2004. R. Cappelli, D. Maio and D. Maltoni, "Technology Evaluations of Fingerprint-Based Biometric Systems", in proceedings 12th European Signal Processing Conference (EUSIPCO2004), Vienna, Austria, pp.1405-1408, September 2004. D. Maio, D. Maltoni, R. Cappelli, J.L. Wayman and A.K. Jain, "Technology Evaluation of Fingerprint Verification Algorithms", in J.L. Wayman, A.K. Jain, D. Maltoni, D. Maio, Biometric Systems - Technology, Design and Performance Evaluation, Springer, 2005. R. Cappelli, D. Maio, D. Maltoni, J.L. Wayman and A.K. Jain, "Performance Evaluation of Fingerprint Verification Systems", IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis Machine Intelligence, vol.28, no.1, pp.3-18, January 2006. R. Cappelli, M. Ferrara, A. Franco and D. Maltoni, "Fingerprint verification competition 2006", Biometric Technology Today, vol.15, no.7-8, pp.7-9, August 2007. B. Dorizzi, R. Cappelli, M. Ferrara, D. Maio, D. Maltoni, N. Houmani, S. Garcia-Salicetti and A. Mayoue, "Fingerprint and On-Line Signature Verification Competitions at ICB 2009", in proceedings International Conference on Biometrics (ICB), Alghero, Italy, pp.725-732, June 2009. External links FVC 2000 FVC 2002 FVC 2004 FVC 2006 FVC ongoing Biometrics Fingerprints
United Nations Security Council Resolution 339 was adopted on 23 October 1973 in order to bring a ceasefire in the Yom Kippur War where Resolution 338 two days before had failed. The resolution primarily reaffirmed the terms outlined in Resolution 338 (itself based on Resolution 242), returning the forces of both sides back to the position they held when the cease fire (338) came into effect, and a request from the United Nations Secretary-General to undertake measures toward the placement of observers to supervise the cease fire. The resolution was adopted with 14 votes to none; the People's Republic of China did not participate in the voting. See also Arab–Israeli conflict List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 301 to 400 (1971–1976) References Text of the Resolution at undocs.org External links 0339 0339 Arab–Israeli peace process October 1973 events Yom Kippur War
Patton Design, Inc. is an industrial design, engineering, software and hardware, and prototyping consultancy based in Irvine, California. The firm was founded in 1983 by California State University at Long Beach alumnus Doug Patton. Company staff appeared on the ABC television series American Inventor and represented the million dollar winner with the "Anecia Survival Capsule" child safety seat, the second place winner with "The WordAce" children's game, and the third place winner with "The Catch Elite" football receiver trainer. Patton Design is a patron member of the Industrial Designers Society of America and has won seventeen Industrial Design Excellence Awards. References External links Design companies established in 1983 Companies based in Irvine, California Computer hardware companies Software companies based in California Industrial design firms 1983 establishments in California Software companies of the United States
The Lady Keystone Open was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1975 to 1994. In its first year it was a satellite tour event but became a full event in 1976. It was played at three different courses in southcentral Pennsylvania but mainly at the Hershey Country Club in Hershey, Pennsylvania. Tournament hosts Winners 1994 Elaine Crosby 1993 Val Skinner 1992 Danielle Ammaccapane 1991 Colleen Walker 1990 Cathy Gerring 1989 Laura Davies 1988 Shirley Furlong 1987 Ayako Okamoto 1986 Juli Inkster 1985 Juli Inkster 1984 Amy Alcott 1983 Jan Stephenson 1982 Jan Stephenson 1981 JoAnne Carner 1980 JoAnne Carner 1979 Nancy Lopez 1978 Pat Bradley 1977 Sandra Spuzich 1976 Susie Berning 1975 Susie Berning (as satellite event) References External links Tournament results at golfobserver.com Former LPGA Tour events Golf in Pennsylvania Recurring sporting events established in 1975 Recurring events disestablished in 1994 1975 establishments in Pennsylvania 1994 disestablishments in Pennsylvania History of women in Pennsylvania
Bradley Fish (b. Bethesda, Maryland, 1970) is an American born musician based in Israel. He relocated to Israel in 2004, first living in Tel Aviv, and finally settling in Jerusalem. He holds a B.A. degree in guitar from Northern Illinois University, where he studied with jazz guitarist Fareed Haque. Fish's musical loops performed on the Appalachian dulcimer, banjo, German concert zither, and guzheng (Chinese zither) are the most widespread in the world. The loops are created by recording the actual playing of the instrument and then slicing riffs with music editing software, and used by modern composers as an enhancement or as a basis for their own music. Fish's loops have been released with Sony Pictures Digital, Peace Love Productions, and Apple iLife. Fish combined many of these exotic and folk instruments with electronics in modern musical contexts (rock, reggae, metal, fusion, blues, electronica, modern folk, etc.) recording The Aquarium Conspiracy CD with Sugarcubes/Björk drummer Sigtryggur Baldursson and multi-instrumentalist Biff Blumfumgagnge in 1996. Fish is now performing and creating [video footage] of his jam band style one-man live looping. Fish recorded via the Internet for a Bigga Haitian record with George Clinton/Funkadelic/Snoop Doggy Dogg drummer Jerome Bailey, Bob Marley's replacement in The Wailers, Yvad, and Jerry Johnson - the sax player behind Steel Pulse, Queen Latifah, and Burning Spear's 2009 Grammy winning ‘Jah Is Real’ CD. He has pioneered the use of the Internet as a medium for recording tracks of guitars and exotic instruments as well as musical instruction. The Jerusalem Post referred to Fish as a "master guitar teacher." Fish shocked his "hippie" and left-leaning fan base, playing live twice on Fox News w/ Gov. Mike Huckabee including a jam w/50's superstar Pat Boone. Boone complemented Fish's "growling" vocals and lyrical improv ability publicly in the Jerusalem Post. Fish has toured internationally, performing for many notables including the Dalai Lama. He has recorded tracks with top name artists in Israel including Rami Kleinstein, Arkadi Duchin and Yehuda Poliker. Fish's live shows in Israel have included Jon Shapiro of Ofra Haza's final live band. Bradley's videos of edgy music comedy and unorthodox techniques on ethnic instruments have sparked controversy in internet forums including the YouTube comments themselves. Bradley Fish is working as a session musician, producer and/or co-writer for a number of artists including Fox News reporter Mike Tobin, singer Michelle Cohn, and Dan Reed of the Dan Reed Network. He has also done soundtracks for videos for the Orthodox Union and Chabad of Australia. He reports on his website that he will be touring in support of a new CD soon. References External links Bradley Fish official site Bradley Fish MySpace Page Videos of Bradley Fish performing "New dude on the block", by Gavriel Fiske, from The Jerusalem Post, February 23, 2006 "Arrivals: From Madison, Wisconsin, to Jerusalem", by Yocheved Miriam Russo, from The Jerusalem Post, March 15, 2006 Bradley Fish Electrifried Band website "Listen Up" in Jerusalem Post, Pat Boone story Apple iLife Peace Love Productions Sony Digital Pictures 1970 births Living people American banjoists Guzheng players Northern Illinois University alumni Musicians from Bethesda, Maryland American emigrants to Israel Guitarists from Maryland American male guitarists 21st-century American singers 21st-century American guitarists 21st-century American male singers
Uno Free Fall is a 2006 puzzle game released on the Game Boy Advance and mobile phone based on the card game Uno. It is also included on the Nintendo DS 3-in-1 game, Uno / Skip-Bo / Uno Freefall. It was released in the PAL Region on March 2, 2007. It was released in North America on March 6, 2007. Reception Uno Free Fall received mixed reviews from critics upon release. On Metacritic, the game holds a score of 62/100 based on 4 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". On GameRankings, the game holds a score of 62.25% based on 4 reviews. References Uno (card game) video games 2006 video games Falling block puzzle games Game Boy Advance games Mobile games Destination Software games Video games scored by Jake Kaufman Video games developed in the United States Black Lantern Studios games Multiplayer and single-player video games
Tom Clancy's ruthless.com is a turn-based strategy video game published in 1998 by Red Storm Entertainment. ruthless.com puts the player in the position of CEO of a new software company. The game features a campaign mode, six different scenarios of varying difficulty, and a multiplayer option. It later inspired a book of the same name in the Tom Clancy's Power Plays series. Overview This is a game of economic intrigue and corporate maneuvering. As the new CEO of a software company, players must scheme and strategize, form and break alliances, undertake sometimes criminal actions and do whatever it takes to get the company to the top and keep it there. Playing in a board-game-like environment, players can choose to play any of six individual scenarios or a full campaign. The scenarios each have fundamentally different parameters. Players at an advanced point in the action with opposing corporations already established and a small history already in place. The campaign is more freeform and the player with only one building and three departments with no immediate opponents. While objectives vary for the scenarios, in the campaign game the player must control seventy-five percent of the market for four turns. Setting up a game involves determining how long is it going to last — between 20, 40 or 60 turns. You also choose the level of AI you wish to play against, novice, intermediate or expert. Lastly, players can set their own difficulty level that indicates how far they can go into debt before losing (bankruptcy). On the easy setting, players can incur debt up to $10,000, medium $5,000 and hardest $2,500. Other selections include naming the corporation and selecting a CEO. Each CEO has a unique benefit that he or she brings with labels like "Talented," "Whiz Kid" or "Banker." These benefits add, as examples, five percent per level to all computer points generated (Whiz Kid) or let you go twice as deep into debt before becoming bankrupt and losing the game (Banker). Gameplay in Tom Clancy's ruthless.com is turn-based. Each turn, you give the CEO two orders, choosing from the Corporate, R&D, Marketing, Admin, Human Resources, Acquisitions, Legal, Security and Computer groups. Each group contains action orders such as "build new department" and "build new product" in the Corporate group, "executive training" in the Admin group and "assassinate executive" in the Security group. At the end of each round, players get a comparative report that informs them on any newsworthy events such as how well (or how poorly) each company's stock prices are doing and any tragedies or executive promotions. As chosen executive(s) (you can hire more as the game progresses) gain experience, they're considered higher-level and sometimes gain additional traits (bonuses like the ones they start out with—as a Banker, Whiz Kid and so on). Each round players attempt to acquire a larger portion of the market (represented by tiles on the game board). Doing this involves carrying out executive orders and negotiating to acquire the start-up companies that occasionally pop up around the game board. Gameplay The game takes place on a map that represents the market share of all the competing companies. Each player in the game is a CEO of a software company. Legal, security, and computer attacks are common in the game. Competition comes from the fight over market shares (map squares). A CEO builds their initial buildings and puts their product into the market. Once on the market, a product's quality will determine its dominance in the market. Dominance in the market provides income to build additional buildings, bid for takeovers, or launch different kinds of attacks against the competitors. Reception GameSpot reviewed the game in 1999, awarding 6.3 out of 10. Main criticisms included the shortness of the campaign, limited scenarios and lack of replayability. However, the multiplayer mode was deemed "about as much fun as turn-based multiplayer games can be". The graphics were also highlighted, with a well designed interface and inventive visuals. In Game Revolution, the game was awarded a B+. The gameplay, multiplayer mode and interface were praised, while the main criticisms included the start difficult and the "poorly explained manual". Reviews PC Gameworld - 85/100 Game Revolution - B+ GameGenie - 80/100 MobyGames - 64/100 GameSpot - 6.3/10 Gamepower - 2,5/4 Allgame.com - 3/5 Gamecenter - 3/5 IGN - 5.2/10 Gamespot UK (Pre-2003) - 4/10 References External links Tom Clancy's ruthless.com at MobyGames 1998 video games Business simulation games Multiplayer and single-player video games Red Storm Entertainment games Tom Clancy games Tom Clancy's Power Plays Turn-based strategy video games Video games developed in the United States Windows games Windows-only games
Logluv TIFF is an encoding used for storing high-dynamic-range imaging data inside a TIFF image. It was originally developed by Greg Ward for storing HDR-output of his Radiance-photonmapper at a time where storage space was a crucial factor. Its implementation in TIFF also allowed the combination with image-compression algorithms without great programming effort. As such it has to be considered a smart compromise between the imposed limitations. It is slightly related to RGBE, the most successful HDRI storage format, an earlier invention of Greg Ward. Details Logluv TIFF's design solves two specific problems: storing high-dynamic image data and doing so within a reasonable amount of space. Traditional image format generally stores pixel data in RGB-space occupying 24 bits, with 8 bits for each color component. This limits the representable colors to a subset of all visible and distinguishable colors, introducing quantization and clamping artifacts clearly visible to human observers. Using a triplet of floats to represent RGB would be a viable solution, but it would quadruple the size of the file (occupying 32 bits for each color-component, as opposed to 8 bits). Instead of using RGB, LogLuv uses the logarithm of the luminance and the CIELUV (u’, v’) chromaticity coordinates in order to provide a perceptually uniform color space. LogLuv allocates 8 bits for each of the u’ and v’ coordinates, which allows encoding the full visible gamut with imperceptible step sizes. In order to provide the required high dynamic range with imperceptible luminance steps, LogLuv uses 16 bits to encode a fixed-point base 2 logarithm of the luminance, which allows an EV range of nearly 128 stops. The space occupied by one pixel is thus 32 bits (L16 + U8 + V8), marginally bigger than a standard 8 bit RGB-image. Extension In an attempt to prevent the expansion of data-size, Logluv comes in a 24-bit flavour, which in a rather complicated way quantizes lightness to 10 bit and merges U/V into a 14-bit look-up based value. Usage Logluv TIFF has widespread use in HDRI applications such as IBL, image-based lighting. Reading and writing of Logluv TIFF images can be handled via LibTIFF. LibTIFF is freely available in both source and various binary packages for different platforms. Resources HDRI, by Reinhard et al. has a discussion regarding Logluv Tiff in the 3rd chapter. For those looking for Logluv images, there are numerous example on Greg Ward Larson's page. See also Tagged Image File Format RGBE image format JPEG-HDR CIELUV References Raster graphics file formats High dynamic range file formats Photographic techniques
Nikita Lalwani FRSL is a novelist born in Kota, Rajasthan and raised in Cardiff, Wales. Her work has been translated into sixteen languages. She studied English at Bristol University. Her first book, Gifted (2007), was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize and shortlisted for the Costa First Novel Award. Lalwani was nominated as Sunday Times Young Writer of the Year. In June 2008, she won the inaugural Desmond Elliott Prize for Fiction. She donated the £10,000 prize to human rights campaigners, Liberty. Lalwani's second book, The Village, was published in 2012 and was selected as one of eight titles for the Fiction Uncovered campaign for the best of British fiction in 2013. Lalwani has contributed to The Guardian, the New Statesman and The Observer. She has also written for AIDS Sutra, an anthology exploring the lives of people living with HIV/AIDS in India. In 2013, Lalwani was a book judge for the Orwell Prize. In 2018, she was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. She was later a judge for the Royal Society of Literature Encore Prize in 2019. In the same year, she contributed to the anthology Resist: Stories of Uprising. Her novel You People, set in a West London pizzeria where most of the staff are illegal immigrants, was published in 2020 by Penguin and in 2021 by McSweeneys USA. Lalwani co-wrote episode 3 of The Outlaws with Stephen Merchant for BBC One/Amazon Studios, which was broadcast on BBC One on 8 November 2021. She lives in North London. References External links Author's website 20th-century births Year of birth missing (living people) Living people 21st-century Indian novelists 21st-century Welsh novelists 21st-century Indian women writers 21st-century Welsh women writers 21st-century Welsh writers Indian emigrants to Wales People from Kota, Rajasthan Writers from Cardiff Alumni of the University of Bristol British Jains Welsh novelists Anglo-Welsh novelists Welsh women novelists Indian women novelists Postcolonial literature Utopian fiction Welsh people of Sindhi descent Novelists from Rajasthan Date of birth missing (living people) Recipients of Desmond Elliott Prize
BWPing is a tool to measure bandwidth and response times between two hosts using Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) echo request/echo reply mechanism. It does not require any special software on the remote host. The only requirement is the ability to respond on ICMP echo request messages. BWPing supports both IPv4 and IPv6 networks. Command syntax bwping [ -4 | -6 ] [ -B bind_addr ] [ -I ident ] [ -T tos(v4) | traf_class(v6) ] [ -r reporting_period ] [ -u buf_size ] -b kbps -s pkt_size -v volume target bwping6 [ -4 | -6 ] [ -B bind_addr ] [ -I ident ] [ -T tos(v4) | traf_class(v6) ] [ -r reporting_period ] [ -u buf_size ] -b kbps -s pkt_size -v volume target Available options are: -4 - Forces IPv4 mode. Default mode of operation is IPv4 for bwping and IPv6 for bwping6 otherwise. -6 - Forces IPv6 mode. Default mode of operation is IPv4 for bwping and IPv6 for bwping6 otherwise. -B - Sets the source address of outgoing ip packets. By default the address of the outgoing interface will be used. -I - Sets the Identifier value of outgoing ICMP Echo Request packets. If zero, the value of the lower 16 bits of the process ID will be used (default). -T - Sets the TOS value of outgoing IPv4 packets or IPv6 Traffic Class value of outgoing IPv6 packets. Default value is zero. -r - Sets the interval time in seconds between periodic bandwidth, RTT, and loss reports. If zero, there will be no periodic reports (default). -u - Sets the size of the socket send/receive buffer in bytes. If zero (default), the system default will be used. Tune this parameter if the speed measurement results are unexpectedly low or packet loss occurs. -b - Sets the transfer speed in kilobits per second. -s - Sets the size of ICMP packet (excluding IPv4/IPv6 header) in bytes. -v - Sets the volume to transfer in bytes. License This utility is available under BSD License. Notes Although BWPing does not require any special software on the remote host (only the ability to respond on ICMP echo request messages), there are some special requirements to network infrastructure, local and remote host performance: There should be no ICMP echo request/reply filtering on the network; this includes quality of service (QoS) mechanisms (which often affects ICMP) at any point in the testing path. Local host should have enough CPU resources to send ICMP echo request messages with given rate, and remote host should quickly respond on these messages and should have no ICMP bandwidth limiting turned on. Each bwping and bwping6 process should use its own ICMP Echo Request Identifier value to reliably distinguish between ICMP Echo Reply packets destined for each of these processes. If some of these requirements are not satisfied then the measurement results will be inadequate or fail completely. In general, for testing bandwidth where QoS is implemented, always test with traffic that matches the QoS class to be tested. See also iperf: A tool for TCP/UDP bandwidth measurement. ttcp: Another tool for network bandwidth measurement. References External links BWPing website Computer network analysis Network performance Software using the BSD license
In computer science, the term difference list refers to a data structure representing a list with an efficient O(1) concatenation operation and conversion to a linked list in time proportional to its length. Difference lists can be implemented using first-class functions or using unification. Whether a difference list is more efficient than another list representations depends on usage patterns. If an algorithm builds a list by concatenating smaller lists, which are themselves built by concatenating still smaller lists, then use of difference lists can improve performance by effectively "flattening" the list building computations. Implementation using functions A difference list f is a single-argument function append L, which when given a linked list X as argument, returns a linked list containing L prepended to X. Concatenation of difference lists is implemented as function composition. The contents may be retrieved using f []. This implementation is typically used in functional programming languages such as Haskell, although it could be used in imperative languages as well. As functions, difference lists are a Cayley representation of lists as monoids, or more specifically their transformation monoid induced by left multiplication. Examples of use are in the ShowS type in the Prelude of Haskell, and in Donald Bruce Stewart's difference list library for Haskell. Implementation using unification Another implementation in the logic programming language Prolog uses unification variables. A difference list is a pair OpenList-Hole, where the first element OpenList is a list containing an unbound unification variable (hole) and the second element Hole is a reference to the hole. References Linked lists
The Intel Open Source license is identical to the BSD license with the following section added: The extra section does not add to the terms of the license, rather it reminds users of U.S. export laws. As such the IOSL is functionally identical to the BSD license, and so is GPL compatible (i.e., software distributed under the IOSL can be relicensed as GPL, and so can be included in GPL software). Intel has voluntarily retracted the license from the OSI list of open source licenses to prevent license proliferation and ceased to use or recommend this license. See also GNU General Public License (GPL) BSD license List of software licenses External links Text of license References Free and open-source software licenses Permissive software licenses
Dr Graeme Sutherland (born 25 December 1964) is a free-lance writer, mainly specialising in broadcast comedy. He has contributed to the BBC Radio 4 satirical sketch show Week Ending and three series of the BBC Scotland TV comedy The Karen Dunbar Show. Sutherland's script Hit (co-written with Philip Cartwright) reached the finals of the BBC's Talent 2000 Situation Comedy competition. Sutherland also authored the "Mr Angry" chapter of Working with Anger: A Constructivist Approach (Wiley, 2006 - Peter Cummins, Editor), a non-fiction psychology reader. In 2018, Sutherland graduated as Doctor of Education from the University of Warwick, his thesis is entitled: Grade decisions: how observers make judgements in the observation of teaching and learning. DVD Credited as writer on The Best of the Karen Dunbar Show - Series 1 (John Williams Productions DVD Release Date: 17 Feb 2003) References 1 also Graeme Sutherland at IMDB 2 Working with Anger: A Constructivist Approach (2006, Wiley) Peter Cummins (Editor) - Chapter 8. Mr Angry (Graeme Sutherland) Living people British humorists British radio writers British television writers 1964 births
Netblender US-based company that produces and develops software for creators of Blu-ray high definition media. Based in Alexandria, Virginia and founded in 2005 Netblender's primary product is the DoStudio line of Blu-ray authoring software. It is one of only three producers of professional Blu-ray authoring tools. Its software is aimed at both large budget studio productions and independent film makers. Sony Creative Software purchased Netblender in October, 2011. Products Do Studio Is one of only three professional Blu-ray encoding software products on the market today. Originally developed as a HD DVD only tool it was re released in 2008 for Blu-ray. It is a complete BD-ROM spec compliant tool with AACS support, BDCMF formatting, BD-J support. The tool includes a point and click graphical user interface. BD Touch BD Touch is software that allows iPhones and other wifi enabled hand held devices to connect to a Blu-ray player. This connectivity has several uses. It allows to device to act as a remote control or keyboard interface to enter data into the player. It also allows media transfer between the Blu-ray player and the device, so that video can be downloaded to an iPhone. There is also a possibility of leveraging the interactive features of the Blu-ray disc and interface of an iPhone to create games where the hand held device interacts with the Blu-ray disc. The first title to be released using BD Touch was the French version of Iron Man. Netblender Live Netblender live is the latest release from Netblender and was introduced at the NAB show of 2009. The program is a complete technology solution for connecting rich media content to a Blu-ray Disc via an internet connection. NetBlender Live helps with the production of online features such as updateable trailers, dynamic Picture in Picture, downloadable bonus footage. Awards Netblender was nominated for the Outstanding Achievement in Advanced Media Technology for the Non-Synchronous Enhancement of Original Television Content Award of the 58th Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards. It was nominated for its work on the PBS DVD, A Cultivated Life: Thomas Jefferson and Wine. References Optical disc authoring Optical disc authoring software Blu-ray Disc High-definition television Java platform Privately held companies based in Virginia
Coverity is a proprietary static code analysis tool from Synopsys. This product enables engineers and security teams to find and fix software defects. Coverity started as an independent software company in 2002 at the Computer Systems Laboratory at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California. It was founded by Benjamin Chelf, Andy Chou, and Seth Hallem with Stanford professor Dawson Engler as a technical adviser. The headquarters was moved to San Francisco. In June 2008, Coverity acquired Solidware Technologies. In February 2014, Coverity announced an agreement to be acquired by Synopsys, an electronic design automation company, for $350 million net of cash on hand. Products Coverity is a static code analysis tool for C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, PHP, Python, .NET, ASP.NET, Objective-C, Go, JSP, Ruby, Swift, Fortran, Scala, VB.NET, and TypeScript. It also supports more than 70 different frameworks for Java, JavaScript, C# and other languages. Coverity Scan is a free static-analysis cloud-based service for the open source community. Applications Under a United States Department of Homeland Security contract in 2006, the tool was used to examine over 150 open source applications for bugs; 6000 bugs found by the scan were fixed across 53 projects. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration used the tool in its 2010-2011 investigation into reports of sudden unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles. The tool was used by CERN on the software employed in the Large Hadron Collider and in the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory during the flight software development of the Mars rover Curiosity. References Static program analysis tools Software testing tools Software companies based in California Companies based in San Francisco Defunct software companies of the United States 2014 mergers and acquisitions
Greenprinting relates to the conservation of land. Greenprinting is the creation of conservation scenarios that help communities make informed conservation decisions. Greenprinting can galvanize public support and encourage partners to work toward common conservation goals. Greenprinting often involves use of state-of-the-art maps and models created with Geographic Information System (GIS) software that combines layers of spatial and demographic information to guide growth management efforts. Publications Local Greenprinting for Growth The Trust For Public Land - Greenprinting Case Studies The Trust for Public Land - Greenprinting for Growth in Texas Vision North Texas Greenprinting Project Presentation Jan 27th 2007 Vision North Texas Greenprinting Project Status Report March 20th 2008 External links The Trust for Public Land Environmental conservation Environmental planning Parks
ProMax is a chemical process simulator for process troubleshooting and design, developed and sold by Bryan Research and Engineering, Inc. Initially released in late 2005, ProMax is a continuance of two previous process simulators, PROSIM and TSWEET. ProMax is considered the industry standard for designing amine gas treating and glycol dehydration units. Program History In 1974 Bryan Research and Engineering (BR&E) began developing simulation software for sulfur recovery units with a command-line interface. In 1976 this program was released under the name SULFUR. Amine sweetening, for which BR&E is most well known, was added in 1978 and the simulation package was renamed TSWEET. A second product, DEHY, was released in 1980 for modeling glycol dehydration units. Natural gas processing was added to the DEHY program in 1983 and the package was renamed PROSIM. In 1988 BR&E introduced a graphical user interface to both programs, a novelty for chemical process simulators at the time. TSWEET and PROSIM were both MS-DOS based programs and were both incorporated into ProMax. ProMax is a late generation Windows application which uses Microsoft Visio as the graphical user interface. Other capabilities were included in ProMax besides those already available in TSWEET and PROSIM enabling it to model almost any process in the oil and gas industry. Company history Bryan Research & Engineering, Inc. (BR&E) is a privately owned provider of software and engineering solutions to the oil, gas, refining and chemical industries. Since the company’s inception in 1974, BR&E has combined research and development in process simulation to provide clients with simulation tools. External links Bryan Research & Engineering BR&E's website has several technical articles (published and presented) pertaining to the above-mentioned process areas and can be utilized as an engineering source for those operating in these areas. Laurance Reid Gas Conditioning Conference Gas Processors Association https://redgoldd.com/2022/04/19/iphone-13-pro-max/ References Chemical engineering software
CrimeView is a crime analysis, mapping and reporting software extension to ArcGIS. It is designed for the detailed study of patterns of crime as they relate to geography and time. Development CrimeView was first created by The Omega Group in 1996 as a desktop application. Under the guidance of Milan Mueller, CEO and owner of The Omega Group, developer Bruce Silva created CrimeView in ESRI's ArcView GIS Avenue programming language. The software has since undergone numerous transformations and is currently based in the .NET and Silverlight programming environments. CrimeView was migrated to the ArcGIS Server environment in 2008, enabling analyses to be performed through a Web browser through the use of a client/server-based application. The first working CrimeView application was installed at Indio Police Department in California in August 1996. Since that time approximately five hundred agencies in forty-six different states have implemented CrimeView applications, making it one of the most popular off the shelf crime mapping solutions in the world. Background CrimeView connects to an agency's existing crime records or reporting system and automatically converts tabular data into locations on a map. Many police departments use CrimeView as part of their CompStat process and Watch Commanders utilize the software in order to help determine the placement of officers in the field. CrimeView was created to support recent trends of policing such as problem-oriented policing, Community Policing and the more recent Intelligence-Led Policing. The Lincoln Police Department in Nebraska has been successful in apprehending several repeat offenders through the use of "Hot Spot", "Cyclical Reporting" and Threshold Alert routines. Servers and Hosting CrimeView is implemented through any law enforcement agency's Intranet as CrimeView Server or be shared with the general public through the Internet as CrimeView Community. These two server based or hosted versions of the software are compatible with most standard Web browsers and are designed to support Community Oriented Policing efforts throughout the United States. CrimeMapping.com was launched in May 2008 as a nationwide hosted public crime mapping service based on the CrimeView and CrimeView Community models. Users can map out crimes for their area and receive free crime alerts regarding recent activity through the use of CrimeMapping.com. Functions Some CrimeView functions include: Queries - by any attribute, geographic boundary, or proximity to an address or landmark feature. Density Mapping - standardized density, hot spot maps, repeat calls. Cyclical Reports - combines and saves queries, reports, and graphs to run anytime. Exception Reporting – create COMPSTAT style comparison reports. Threshold Alert – e-mail alerts (including maps and reports) when activity thresholds have been reached. Temporal Heat Index - Depict the total calls per hour and DOW graphically to identify temporal hot spots Analyses - crime rate generator, spatial trends. Order Labels - plots specific incidents in the order they occur with directionals. Statistical Profiler - profiles a data series to help determine where and when the next event is most likely to occur. Discussion San Juan Police Department in Puerto Rico recently implemented CrimeView Desktop. The San Juan application was launched in 2007 and represents the first CrimeView database implemented in a Spanish speaking region. Geographic Mapping Technologies was integral in bringing CrimeView to San Juan. CrimeView Server was implemented for the Greek National Police Department in 2010 and serves the entire country of Greece. St. John Police Force launched CrimeView in 2009 and has achieved a double digit reduction in crime which is outlined in an ESRI Case Study. CrimeView's Threshold Alert function is currently being used by Lincoln Police Department as a daily reporting mechanism. The Threshold Alert routine allows the end user to set a threshold for any type of crime by any geography. If the threshold is exceeded during a specified time period an e-mail alert is sent out to designated recipients. By setting the threshold to one Lincoln Police Department has been able to create daily reports that are utilized by command staff in the decision making process. The Virginia Beach Police Department was able to apprehend a serial rapist in 2006 through the use of CrimeView's hot spot and reporting functions. Hot spots maps were created showing where and when the most incidents were occurring. The department placed additional officers at these locations during peak activity times and were able to catch a sexual predator just before he struck again. See also Crime mapping References San Diego Union Tribune – Crime busters get a break in their investigations, published August 1998. ESRI ArcNews – Redlands, California, Police Use CrimeView to Predict Trouble Spots, published Winter 1998. International Association of Crime Analysts – CrimeView CrimeView suite of desktop and Web-based applications, IACA Web site 2000. Utah County Daily Herald – Law Enforcement Officials Improving Crime Data Analysis, published June 2002. National Institute of Justice – San Francisco CrimeMAPS (based on CrimeView) CrimeView Community, NIJ Web site 2002. Government Matters 2003 – Regional Analysis CrimeView and Citrix, ESRI Press 2003. Police Chief Magazine – San Francisco Launches Crime Mapping System, Police Chief Magazine May 2004 Issue. City of Lafayette's CrimeView Community Application – City Manager's Blog on CrimeView Community, City of Lafayette, Louisiana 2005. West Des Moines City Manager's Blog 2006 – City Manager's Blog on CrimeView, City of West Des Moines, Iowa 2006. Officer.com – CrimeView Helps Hartford Police Implement Change in Laws, posted to Officer.com in December 2006. LaserFiche User News– IT Innovation Helps Claremont Fight Crime, LaserFiche Web site, July 2007.IN.GOV – CrimeView Community Law Enforcement Map, posted to Indiana Government Web site, October 2007.Chief Tom Cassady's Blog – Lincoln Police Utilize CrimeView, The Blog Spot 2008.CBS News – Neighborhood Crime Rates With the Click of a Mouse, CBS News 4, Hollywood, Florida, January 2008.GIS Cafe 2008 – Gulport Police Launch CrimeView, Cafe Press 2008.Omega Press – Peoria Police and Sheriff Launch CrimeView Community CrimeView Community, Peoria, Illinois, July 2009.Omega Press – CrimeView Improves Traffic Safety CrimeView, Norfolk, Virginia, October 2009.Omega Press'' – Greek National Police Launch Crime Analysis Tool Online CrimeView Server, Athens, Greece, April 2010. ArcGIS Extension Crime mapping
The Mega Kid MK-1000 is a Nintendo Entertainment System hardware clone with a built-in Famicom BASIC compatible keyboard, marketed as an "educational computer". The system comes with two black PlayStation look-alike controllers and a black NES Zapper clone resembling a submachine gun. All are connected with 9-pin DB connectors, as found on most Famiclones. It has a composite video output and a mono audio output, as well as a rather crude RF modulator antenna output, unfiltered (the output appears on several TV channels) and unshielded from interferences. In its box is contained a Famicom cartridge containing several NES applications that work with the keyboard, such as crude word processors, keyboard exercises, mathematical games, G-BASIC and a handful of first generation NES games such as F-1 Race, Track & Field and "Jewel Tetris". This cartridge also contains an additional 64 K static RAM chip, mainly for use with the provided G-BASIC, a dialect of the BASIC programming language designed for the NES. However, no CMOS backup memory is provided, so any typed-in program or text will be lost upon rebooting or switching the power off. It works with standard Famicom cartridges, as well as US NES cartridges with the use of an adaptor. References Unlicensed Nintendo Entertainment System hardware clones
jrMan renderer is an open-source version of the Reyes rendering algorithm used by Pixar's PhotoRealistic RenderMan, implemented in Java by Gerardo Horvilleur, Jorge Vargas, Elmer Garduno and Alessandro Falappa. jrMan is available under the GNU General Public License (GPL) Current version Release 0.4 Features Shadows, texture mapping, surface shaders, light shaders, volume shaders, displacement shaders, all pixel filters, generate image to file (RGB & RGBA), delayed Read Archive. Supported primitives Sphere, Torus, Cone, Disk, Cylinder, Paraboloid, Hyperboloid, Points, Patch "bilinear" and "bicubic" (all basis & rational), Polygon, PointsPolygon, ObjectInstance, PatchMesh, NuPatch, Curves "linear" and "cubic" (also rational). Features not yet implemented Shading language compiler, Motion blur, Depth of field, Level of detail, CSG, Trim curves, Subdivision surfaces, General Polygons. See also RenderMan Interface Specification External links jrMan homepage Free 3D graphics software Free software programmed in Java (programming language)
Technical Report 069 (TR-069) is a technical specification of the Broadband Forum that defines an application layer protocol for remote management and provisioning of customer-premises equipment (CPE) connected to an Internet Protocol (IP) network. TR-069 uses the CPE WAN Management Protocol (CWMP) which provides support functions for auto-configuration, software or firmware image management, software module management, status and performance managements, and diagnostics. The CPE WAN Management Protocol is a bidirectional SOAP- and HTTP-based protocol, and provides the communication between a CPE and auto configuration servers (ACS). The protocol addresses the growing number of different Internet access devices such as modems, routers, gateways, as well as end-user devices which connect to the Internet, such as set-top boxes, and VoIP-phones. TR-069 was first published in May 2004, with amendments in 2006, 2007, 2010, July 2011 (version 1.3), and November 2013 (version 1.4 am5) Other technical initiatives, such as the Home Gateway Initiative (HGI), Digital Video Broadcasting (DVB) and WiMAX Forum endorsed CWMP as the protocol for remote management of residential networking devices and terminals. Communication Transport CWMP is a text based protocol. Orders sent between the device (CPE) and auto configuration server (ACS) are transported over HTTP (or more frequently HTTPS). At this level (HTTP), the CPE acts as client and ACS as HTTP server. This essentially means that control over the flow of the provisioning session is the sole responsibility of the device. Configuration parameters In order for the device to connect to the server, it needs to have certain parameters configured first. These include the URL of the server the device wants to connect to and the interval at which the device will initiate the provisioning session (PeriodicInformInterval). Additionally, if authentication is required for security reasons, data such as the username and the password needs to be provided. Provisioning session All communications and operations are performed in the scope of the provisioning session. The session is always started by the device (CPE) and begins with the transmission of an Inform message. Its reception and readiness of the server for the session is indicated by an InformResponse message. That concludes the session initialization stage. The order of the next two stages depends on the value of the flag HoldRequests. If the value is false the initialization stage is followed by the transmission of device requests, otherwise ACS orders are transmitted first. The following description assumes the value is false. In the second stage, orders are transmitted from the device to the ACS. Even though the protocol defines multiple methods that may be invoked by the device on the ACS, only one is commonly found - TransferComplete - which is used to inform the ACS of the completion of a file transfer initiated by a previously issued Download or Upload request. This stage is finalized by transmission of empty HTTP-request to the ACS. In the third stage the roles change on the CWMP level. The HTTP-response for the empty HTTP-request by the device will contain a CWMP-request from the ACS. This will subsequently be followed by an HTTP-request containing a CWMP-response for the previous CWMP-request. Multiple orders may be transmitted one-by-one. This stage (and the whole provisioning session) is terminated by an empty HTTP-response from the ACS indicating that no more orders are pending. Session triggers There are certain events that will trigger the provisioning session. These include: Bootstrap – when device contacts the server for the first time, the server URL changed, or the device settings were reset to default; Periodic – the device is scheduled to perform a periodic session, as per the PeriodicInformInterval settings; Connection request – the device responds to the server's request for a connection; Value change – value for a parameter that is being monitored has changed; Boot – after the device was reset or lost power and was reconnected; Scheduled – when the device was previously instructed by the server to initialize an additional session with ScheduleInform command; Transfer complete – after the device finished downloading or uploading files requested by the server; Diagnostic complete – once the device finishes a diagnostic. Security and authentication As vital data (like user names and passwords) may be transmitted to the CPE via CWMP, it is essential to provide a secure transport channel and always authenticate the CPE against the ACS. Secure transport and authentication of the ACS identity can easily be provided by usage of HTTPS and verification of the ACS certificate. Authentication of the CPE is more problematic. The identity of the device is verified based on a shared secret (password) at the HTTP level. Passwords may be negotiated between the parties (CPE-ACS) at every provisioning session. When the device contacts the ACS for the first time (or after a factory-reset) default passwords are used. In large networks it is the responsibility of the procurement to ensure each device is using unique credentials, their list is delivered with the devices themselves and secured.. Connection request Initialization and control of the provisioning session flow is the sole responsibility of the device, but it is possible for the ACS to request a session start from the device. The connection request mechanism is also based on HTTP. In this case the device (CPE) is put in the role of HTTP-server. The ACS requests a connection from the device by visiting a negotiated URL and performing HTTP Authentication. A shared secret is also negotiated with the device in advance (e.g. previous provisioning session) to prevent the usage of CPEs for DDoS attacks on the provisioning server (ACS). After confirmation is sent by the device the provisioning session should be started as soon as possible and not later than 30 seconds after confirmation is transmitted. Connection request over NAT The CWMP protocol also defines a mechanism for reaching the devices that are connected behind NAT (e.g. IP-Phones, Set-top boxes). This mechanism, based on STUN and UDP NAT traversal, is defined in document TR-069 Annex G (formerly in TR-111). Amendment 5 of the protocol introduces alternative method of executing Connection Request via NAT based on XMPP (see Annex K of TR-069 Amendment 5 for details). Data model Most of the configuration and diagnostics is performed through setting and retrieving the value of the device parameters. These are organized in a well defined hierarchical structure that is more or less common to all device models and manufacturers. Broadband Forum publishes its data model standards in two formats - XML files containing a detailed specification of each subsequent data model and all of the changes between their versions and PDF files containing human-readable details. Supported standards and extensions should be clearly marked in the device data model. This should be in the field Device.DeviceSummary or InternetGatewayDevice.DeviceSummary which is required starting from Device:1.0 and InternetGatewayDevice:1.1 respectively. If the field is not found InternetGatewayDevice:1.0 is implied. As of Device:1.4 and InternetGatewayDevice:1.6 new field ( '<RO>'.SupportedDatamodel) for supported standard specification was introduced. The model is always rooted in the single key named Device or InternetGatewayDevice depending on the manufacturer's choice. At each level of the structure objects and parameters (or array-instances) are allowed. Keys are constructed by concatenating the names of objects and parameter using '.'(dot) as a separator, e.g. InternetGatewayDevice.Time.NTPServer1 . Each of the parameters may be marked as writable or non-writable. This is reported by the device in GetParameterNamesResponse message. The device should not permit the change of any parameter marked as read-only. Data model specifications and extensions clearly mark required status of most of the parameters. Values applicable for the parameter, their type and meaning are also precisely defined by the standard. Multi-instance objects Some parts of the data model require the existence of multiple copies of the subtree. The best examples are those describing tables, e.g. Port Forwarding Table. An object representing an array will only have instance numbers or alias names as its children. A multi-instance object may be writable or read-only, depending on what it represents. Writable objects allow dynamic creation and removal of their children. For example, if an object represents four physical ports on an Ethernet switch, then it should not be possible to add or remove them from the data model. If an instance is added to an object, an identifier is assigned. After being assigned, identifiers cannot change during the life-cycle of the device, except by factory reset. Common problems Even though the list of the parameters and their attributes is well-defined, most of the devices do not follow standards completely. Most common problems include missing parameters, omitted instance identifiers (for multi-instance objects where only one instance is present), wrong parameter access level and correctly using only defined valid values. For example, for the field that indicates supported standard of WLAN protocols, the value 'g' should indicate support of 802.11b and 802.11g, and 'g-only' support only of 802.11g. Even though values such as 'bg' or 'b/g' are not legal according to the Broadband Forum standards, they are very commonly found in device data models. Common operations The whole provisioning is built on top of a defined set of simple operations. Each order is considered atomic, though there is no support of transactions. If the device cannot fulfill the order a proper error must be returned to the ACS – the device should never break the provisioning session. For a more complete list of operations and an analysis of the protocol, see High-level operations possible through TR-069 Service activation and reconfiguration Initial configuration of the service as part of zero-touch or one-touch configuration process Service re-establishment (ex. after device is factory-reset, exchanged) Remote Subscriber Support Verification of the device status and functionality Manual reconfiguration Firmware and Configuration Management Firmware upgrade/downgrade Configuration backup/restore Diagnostics and monitoring Throughput (TR-143) and connectivity diagnostics Parameter value retrieval Log file retrieval Security The compromise of an ISP ACS or the link between an ACS and CPE by unauthorized entities can yield access to the TR-069-enabled devices of a service provider's entire subscriber base. Customer information and device operation would be available to the potential attackers, including other MAC addresses on client's networks. Covert redirection of DNS queries to a rogue DNS server might be possible, and even surreptitious firmware updates with backdoor features. TR-069 ACS software has been found to be often implemented insecurely. Flaws in combined implementations of TR-064 (LAN side DSL CPE configuration) and TR-069 (CWMP), that reused the same HTTP endpoint over public internet for Connection Requests without proper protections, were found in devices by various vendors and are exploited by Mirai-based botnet and other malware. See also Wireless router References External links TR-069 Issue 1 Amendment 6 CPE WAN Management Protocol v1.4 CPE WAN Management Protocol CWMP XML Schemas and Data Model Definitions Marketing Report TR-069 Deployment Scenarios, Issue: 1, August 2010 Specification of Technical Report 069 Specification of Technical Report 069 TR-069 Protocol vs. SNMP Protocol CPE Requirements for TR-069 Interoperability TR-069 Knowledge Base TR-069 Knowledge Base What comes after TR-069? It's TR-369 TR-369 PCB Board TR-069 Auto Configuration Server Frequently Asked Questions on TR-069 CWMP Open source implementations EasyCwmp - open source client FreeACS - open source ACS Server written in Java genieacs - open source server (ACS) Internet Standards Digital subscriber line
AEB may refer to: Air industry Aero Benin (ICAO code: AEB), Benin airline Baise Bama Airport, Guangxi, China (IATA code: AEB) People Ambrose E. Burnside, a Union general during the American Civil War Andries Brouwer, Dutch mathematician and computer programmer Technology Analog Expansion Bus, a piece of computer hardware Auto Exposure Bracketing, a feature on some cameras Autonomous Emergency Braking, a safety feature on automobiles (including on lorries and heavy good vehicles) Other Agência Espacial Brasileira, the Brazilian space agency American Egg Board, a marketing body Associated Examining Board, an examination board in the UK "As evidenced by" (aeb or AEB), often used in medical charting Tunisian Arabic language (ISO 639 code: aeb) Annual Egyptological Bibliography, bibliography of Egyptology publications Afrikaner Eenheidsbeweging, small South African political party
This is a comparison of word processing software. General information This table provides general information about selected word processors. Characteristics This table gives characteristics of each word processor. Operating system compatibility This table shows the operating systems supported by the latest word processor version Import or open capabilities This table gives a comparison of the file formats each word processor can import or open. Export or save capabilities This table gives a comparison of the file formats each word processor can export or save. In some cases, omitting an Export format (Microsoft Word's omission of WordPerfect export is the best known example) was a sales rather than a technical measure. See also List of word processors Comparison of spreadsheet software Comparison of text editors Comparison of TeX editors Comparison of office suites Office suite Online office suite Notes References Word processors Word processors
Sergio Luque is a composer of vocal, instrumental and electroacoustic music. His work often involves computer-aided algorithmic composition and stochastic processes. His music has been performed by the Birmingham Contemporary Music Group, Les Jeunes Solistes, Garth Knox, the Nieuw Ensemble and the Schönberg Ensemble, among others, and has been presented in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, France, Switzerland, Austria, Spain, the United States, Mexico, Cuba, El Salvador, Chile, Argentina, Japan and Australia. He has a PhD in Musical Composition from the University of Birmingham, where he studied with Jonty Harrison and Scott Wilson, and was a member of BEAST (Birmingham ElectroAcoustic Sound Theatre). During his PhD, he worked on the development of stochastic synthesis, a synthesis technique invented by Iannis Xenakis. In 2006, he received a master's degree with Distinction in Sonology from the Institute of Sonology at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague, studying with Paul Berg and Kees Tazelaar. In 2004, he received a master's degree in Composition from the Conservatory of Rotterdam, studying with Klaas de Vries and René Uijlenhoet. He has a bachelor's degree in Composition from the Musical Studies and Research Centre (CIEM, Mexico). External links Official site Sergio Luque. "The Stochastic Synthesis of Iannis Xenakis," Leonardo Music Journal 19 (2009): 77-84 References 21st-century classical composers Mexican classical composers Musicians from Mexico City Living people Royal Conservatory of The Hague alumni Alumni of the University of Birmingham Mexican male classical composers 21st-century male musicians Year of birth missing (living people)
Deadbeef may refer to: 0xDEADBEEF, a hexadecimal number used in various software operating systems as a magic number DeaDBeeF, an audio player program
The AMD 800 chipset series is a set of chipsets developed by AMD, released in 2009. The chipset series was revealed in its presentation slides during the AMD Financial Analyst Day 2007 held on December 13, 2007. This chipset series also marks the return of AMD to the workstation/server market after the completion of the ATI acquisition in October 2006 with the first server chipsets. Lineup Server The chipset series is targeted in three markets: the workstation/server market, the desktop market and the notebook market. Current information about the chipset series is very scarce, while the officially published information about the series is the server chipsets with two variants available, the AMD 890S chipset and the AMD 870S chipset, all of them paired with the SB700S series southbridge. The chipsets were supposed to support the codenamed "Montreal" processor made on 45 nm process, in Socket G3 package, supporting both unbuffered or buffered DDR3 (with Socket G3MX), HyperTransport 3.0 and IOMMU, all of them forming the codenamed "Piranha" server platform. However, as a result of shifted strategy, AMD abandoned plans for Socket G3 and G3MX completely and focused to deliver new server platforms. Also for uni-processor server platform, the combination of SR5580 (Originally codenamed "RS780") and SP5100 formed the codenamed "Catalunya" platform. The codenamed "Fiorano" platform consists of codenamed "Istanbul" six-core processors, while "Istanbul" processors still feature Socket F+ and support dual-channel registered DDR2 memory, the platform supports HyperTransport 3.0 and IOMMU. The codenamed "Maranello" platform consists of six-core "Sao Paulo" or twelve-core "Magny-Cours" processors. These two processors support a new socket called Socket G34 with four-channel DDR3 support, with other platform features such as HyperTransport 3.0 and IOMMU support. The codenamed "Catalunya" platform consists of codenamed "Suzuka" quad-core processors, featuring Socket AM3 and support dual-channel registered DDR3 memory, the platform supports HyperTransport 3.0. The codenames of the chipsets "RD890S", "RD870S" and "SB700S" has also changed to "SR5690", "SR5670" and "SP5100". Desktop and Mobile 890FX Codenamed RD890 Single AMD processor configuration Four physical PCIe 2.0 x16 slots @ x8 electrical which can be combined to create two PCIe 2.0 x16 slots @ x16 electrical, one PCIe 2.0 x4 slot and 6 PCIe 2.0 x1 slots, the chipset provides a total of 42 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 4 PCIe 2.0 for A-Link Express III solely in the Northbridge HyperTransport 3.0 and PCI Express 2.0 ATI CrossFireX AMD OverDrive IOMMU Pairs with SB850 southbridge with support up to six SATA 6.0 Gbit/s ports Enthusiast discrete multi-graphics segment 890GX Codenamed RS880D Single AMD processor configuration Two physical PCIe 2.0 x16 slots (one @ x16 or two @ x8 in Crossfire mode), one PCIe 2.0 x4 slot and two PCIe 2.0 x1 slots, the chipset provides a total of 22 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 4 PCIe 2.0 for A-Link Express III solely in the Northbridge Integrated graphics: Radeon HD 4290 Side-port memory as local framebuffer, supporting DDR3 chips up to DDR3-1333. ATI PowerPlay technology Two physical PCI-E x16 slots (one 16x and one 8x electrically. In Crossfire mode, both will revert to 8x electrically) HyperTransport 3.0 and PCI Express 2.0 ATI CrossFire Hybrid CrossFireX AMD OverDrive Performance hybrid multi-graphics segment 880G Codenamed RS880 Single AMD processor configuration One physical PCIe 2.0 x16 slot, one PCIe 2.0 x4 slot and two PCIe 2.0 x1 slots, the chipset provides a total of 22 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 4 PCIe 2.0 for A-Link Express III solely in the Northbridge Integrated graphics: Radeon HD 4250 Side-port memory as local framebuffer, supporting DDR3 modules up to DDR3-1333. ATI PowerPlay 7.0 technology HyperTransport 3.0 and PCI Express 2.0 ATI CrossFire Hybrid CrossFireX 870 Codenamed RX880 Single AMD processor configuration One physical PCIe 2.0 x16 slot, one PCIe 2.0 x4 slot and two PCIe 2.0 x1 slots, the chipset provides a total of 22 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 4 PCIe 2.0 for A-Link Express III solely in the Northbridge HyperTransport 3.0 and PCI Express 2.0 Southbridges While in the same internal event mentioned above, AMD gave a preview on the features of the SB8xx family of southbridges, as follows: "A-Link Express 3.0" now uses four PCI Express 2.0 lanes, providing 2 GB/s bandwidth Supports C6 power state, which is featured in Fusion processors Incorporates a Gigabit Ethernet MAC Supports an integrated clock generator as an optional feature Support for AHCI 1.2 with SATA FIS–based switching support Mandatory support for SATA 1.5 Gbit/s, 3.0 Gbit/s, and SATA 6.0 Gbit/s (no support for Sata 6.0 Gbit/s in SB810) Two embedded 8051 controllers, and one dedicated for DASH compliance Support for 14 USB 2.0 ports, 2 USB 1.1 ports, and 3 integrated EHCI controllers (no support for USB 3.0 in initial products) Supports 5 fan controls, 8 Vin and 4 Tempin for hardware monitoring Features Desktop comparison matrix Integrated graphics Some members of the AMD 800 chipset series, the 880G and the 890GX have integrated graphics (IGP) that support hardware video playback acceleration at different levels. The IGP features are listed below: Southbridge issues (SB8x0) AMD does not provide any SB8x0 errata publicly. Most OSes require patches in order to work reliably. Windows platform: Microsoft KB982091 Linux platform: HPET operation with MSI causes LPC DMA corruption on devices using LPC DMA (floppy, parallel port, serial port in FIR mode) because MSI requests are misinterpreted as DMA cycles by the broken LPC controller SATA soft reset fails when PMP is enabled and attached devices will not be detected See also AMD 700 chipset series AMD 900 chipset series List of AMD chipsets References External links AMD chipsets page AMD Server platform codenamed "Fiorano" AMD 8-Series Chipset AMD 800 Chipset Limitations AMD Chipsets for Desktop PCs AMD 890FX Databook AMD chipsets
Steven Arthur Boylan (born September 30, 1965), formerly a U.S. military spokesman in Baghdad for General David Petraeus in the prosecution of the Iraq War troop surge of 2007 from February, 2007 to September, 2008. After leaving Iraq, he became the public affairs officer and the senior public affairs observer/trainer for the Battle Command Training Program (BCTP) at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, according to U.S. News & World Report. Personal life Boylan is the son of Louis and Barbara Boylan. Boylan is a 1980 graduate of Pompano Beach High School in Pompano Beach, Florida. The Broward County school is the "Home of the Golden Tornadoes." Boylan is a graduate of Mercer University in Macon, Georgia. He received a BA in communication, with a minors in journalism and broadcast and film, and an MA in management from Webster University. Boylan's residence is in Kansas. His second wife is named Michelle. In September, 2007, Michelle Boylan wrote a letter to the editor of the Kansas City Star demanding that Congress apologize to General Petraeus for the treatment he received during testimony. Michelle Boylan and the three Boylan children attended an event in Wisconsin by the Vice President in the 2004 presidential race. They were interviewed as to why they were there, and Michelle responded that she felt it was important for her children to see the importance of the political process. Career Army Boylan was commissioned as a 2nd lieutenant, (Branched Aviation) in the army from Army ROTC at Mercer University, June, 1984. Completed Infantry Officer Basic Course, Ft. Benning, GA, and the Initial Entry Rotary Wing Course, Ft. Rucker, AL. Boylan retired as a colonel in the United States Army. Currently, Boylan works as an assistant instructor in Fort Leavenworth. "Colonel Boylan is a top 80% officer by today's military standards," -General David Petraeus, 2009. Positions Chief, Media Operations, NORAD/US Space Command, Peterson AFB, Colorado, June, 1995-November, 1997. Division Aviation Officer, Ft. Carson, Colorado, November, 1997-February, 1998. Operations Officer, 4th Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, Ft. Carson, February, 1998-June, 1999. Public Affairs Officer, US Army Japan and 9th Theater Support Command, July, 1999-July, 2002. Public Affairs Officer, 8th U.S. Army, August, 2002-July, 2004. Spokesperson, U.S. Military in Iraq, 2004–2005. Director of the Combined Press Information Center (CPIC), August, 2004-December, 2005. Director of Strategic Communication, Combined Arms Center, Ft. Leavenworth, KS, January 2006-February 2007. Public Affairs Officer to the Commanding General Multi-National Force-Iraq, Baghdad, February 2007 – October 2008. Public Affairs Officer and Senior Public Affairs Observer/Trainer, Battle Command Training Program, Ft. Leavenworth, KS, November 2008 – present. Decorations and badges Non-U.S. service medals and ribbons ( Multinational Force and Observers Medal ribbon) (with award numeral "2") Foreign badges ( Honduran Parachutist Badge) 2002 stabbing Boylan was attacked on the night of December 15, 2002 outside Seoul, South Korea's Yongsan Garrison, the headquarters of the United States Forces Korea. According to his statement to police, he was attacked by three Korean men in their twenties, who cursed at him in English, pushed him from behind, and stabbed him with a 5-inch blade. He received a cut on his left side, below the ribcage, for which he was treated at a base hospital; he did not require stitches. Boylan had come to public attention in South Korea for his role as the army spokesman regarding the June 13, 2002 roadside accident in which a U.S. Army armored vehicle struck and killed two South Korean girls. Greenwald emails In late October 2007, Boylan became embroiled in a dispute with Glenn Greenwald of Salon Magazine over articles by Greenwald related to the prosecution of the Iraq War by the George W. Bush presidency and a series of emails. Boylan has stated that he did not send the email in question, claiming that it was sent by an imposter. Prior to the incident, evidence had surfaced of Boylan being impersonated via email. Memberships and awards Member, Alpha Alpha Chapter, Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, Mercer University, initiated April 15, 1981. He was the chapter's 257th initiate. St. Michael Medal, bronze, 1999. (Members of the Order of St. Michael are selected via a nomination process by the Army Aviation Association of America.) References External links Web page for participants in Ethics In America conference, with Boylan biography Video segment from "The complete story" April 5: Lt. Colonel Steven A Boylan discusses his frustration with the media not getting "the complete story" out of Iraq. Editor James Taranto responds Gray Beverley, "Mercer Grad Working With Media To Share Iraq Story," Georgia News Service/Macon Telegraph, September 12, 2005 "Petraeus Loses Valuable Aide," Washington Whispers/U.S. News & World Report, September 12, 2008 1965 births Living people People from Pompano Beach, Florida Mercer University alumni Webster University alumni Recipients of the Legion of Merit American Master Army Aviators United States Army colonels
In special relativity, an observer is a frame of reference from which a set of objects or events are being measured. Usually this is an inertial reference frame or "inertial observer". Less often an observer may be an arbitrary non-inertial reference frame such as a Rindler frame which may be called an "accelerating observer". The special relativity usage differs significantly from the ordinary English meaning of "observer". Reference frames are inherently nonlocal constructs, covering all of space and time or a nontrivial part of it; thus it does not make sense to speak of an observer (in the special relativistic sense) having a location. Also, an inertial observer cannot accelerate at a later time, nor can an accelerating observer stop accelerating. Physicists use the term "observer" as shorthand for a specific reference frame from which a set of objects or events is being measured. Speaking of an observer in special relativity is not specifically hypothesizing an individual person who is experiencing events, but rather it is a particular mathematical context which objects and events are to be evaluated from. The effects of special relativity occur whether or not there is a sentient being within the inertial reference frame to witness them. History Einstein made frequent use of the word "observer" (Beobachter) in his original 1905 paper on special relativity and in his early popular exposition of the subject. However he used the term in its vernacular sense, referring for example to "the man at the railway-carriage window" or "observers who take the railway train as their reference-body" or "an observer inside who is equipped with apparatus". Here the reference body or coordinate system—a physical arrangement of metersticks and clocks which covers the region of spacetime where the events take place—is distinguished from the observer—an experimenter who assigns spacetime coordinates to events far from himself by observing (literally seeing) coincidences between those events and local features of the reference body. This distinction between observer and the observer's "apparatus" like coordinate systems, measurement tools etc. was dropped by many later writers, and today it is common to find the term "observer" used to imply an observer's associated coordinate system (usually assumed to be a coordinate lattice constructed from an orthonormal right-handed set of spacelike vectors perpendicular to a timelike vector (a frame field), see Doran). Where Einstein referred to "an observer who takes the train as his reference body" or "an observer located at the origin of the coordinate system", this group of modern writers says, for example, "an observer is represented by a coordinate system in the four variables of space and time" or "the observer in frame S finds that a certain event A occurs at the origin of his coordinate system". However, there is no unanimity on this point, with a number of authors continuing a preference for distinguishing between observer (as a concept related to state of motion) from the more abstract general mathematical notion of coordinate system (which can be, but need not be, related to motion). This approach places more emphasis on the many choices for description open to an observer. The observer is then identified with an observational reference frame, rather than with the combination of coordinate system, measurement apparatus and state of motion. It also has been suggested that the term "observer" is antiquated, and should be replaced by an observer team (or family of observers) in which each observer makes observations in their immediate vicinity, where delays are negligible, cooperating with the rest of the team to set up synchronized clocks across the entire region of observation, and all team members sending their various results back to a data collector for synthesis. "Observer" as a form of relative coordinates Relative direction is a concept found in many human languages. In English, a description of the spatial location of an object may use terms such as "left" and "right" which are relative to the speaker or relative to a particular object or perspective (e.g. "to your left, as you are facing the front door"). The degree to which such a description is subjective is rather subtle. See the Ozma Problem for an illustration of this. Some impersonal examples of relative direction in language are the nautical terms bow, aft, port, and starboard. These are relative, egocentric-type spatial terms but they do not involve an ego: there is a bow, an aft, a port, and a starboard to a ship even when no one is aboard. Special relativity statements involving an "observer" are in some measure articulating a similar kind of impersonal relative direction. An "observer" is a perspective in that it is a context from which events in other inertial reference frames are evaluated but it is not the sort of perspective that a single particular person would have: it is not localized and it is not associated with a particular point in space, but rather with an entire inertial reference frame that may exist anywhere in the universe (given certain lengthy mathematical specifications and caveats). Usage in other scientific disciplines The term observer also has special meaning in other areas of science, such as quantum mechanics, and information theory. See for example, Schrödinger's cat and Maxwell's demon. In general relativity the term "observer" refers more commonly to a person (or a machine) making passive local measurements, a usage much closer to the ordinary English meaning of the word. In quantum mechanics, "observation" is synonymous with quantum measurement and "observer" with a measurement apparatus and observable with what can be measured. This conflict of usages within physics is sometimes a source of confusion. See also Frame of reference Minkowski diagram Observer (disambiguation) References Special relativity
Empik (stylised as empi̓k) is a Polish commercial chain selling books, international press and media products (including film, music, and software). The chain also owns a photo company, Empik Foto, as well as a foreign language school, Empik School. History EMPiK chain began during Poland's communist period as KMPiK (, the International Press and Book Club) owned by the Prasa-Książka-Ruch monopoly which financed the PZPR Party from its revenue. In 1991 it was acquired by businessmen Jacek Dębski, Janusz Romanowski (a former reserve police officer) and Yaron Bruckner, and given its current name. While initially it was partially owned by the Polish state, in 1994 it was sold completely by the State Treasury to Bruckner's Eastbridge N.V. In May 2009 EMPiK had 134 stores in Poland and 23 stores in Ukraine. See also List of bookstore chains Notes External links Companies based in Warsaw Retail companies established in 1991 Polish companies established in 1991 Bookstores of Poland Language schools Polish brands Polish Limited Liability Companies
Xak III: The Eternal Recurrence is the final game in a fantasy role-playing video game series called Xak developed and published by the Japanese software developers MicroCabin and NEC. Xak III was originally under development to be released for the MSX2 however shortly after Xak: The Tower of Gazzel was released, the development project was halted. After several years the project was continued and finally released simultaneously for the NEC PC-9801 and FM Towns. A year later, Xak III was released for the PC Engine CD; this version has since been unofficially translated into English. Setting and story Xak features a typical high fantasy setting. According to the game world's legends, a great war was fought between the benevolent but weakening ancient gods and a demon race, which led to the collapse and eventual mortality of the gods. After this 'War of Sealing', the gods divided the world into three parts: Xak, the world of humans, Oceanity, the world of faeries, and Xexis, the world of demons. The demon world of Xexis was tightly sealed from the other two worlds as to prevent reentry of the warmongering demon race. Some demons were left behind in Xak, however, and others managed to discover a separate means to enter Xak from Xexis anyway. At this point in the series the main hero, Latok Kart, has become a powerful adversary against the demons and their plots to conquer the world of Xak as he has triumphed over many powerful demons, including Zemu Badu, Zamu Gospel, Zegraya and Gazzel. Latok is a direct descendant of an ancient god of war, Duel, and his deeds have since become well known throughout the world of Xak as the legendary "Duel Knight", armed with a powerful relic known as the "Xak Sword". During this time a short-lived peace has been disrupted by the sudden attack of the nearby Kingdom of Farland led by a demon named Zomu Dizae. Latok learns of this and sets out for the Kingdom of Farland. Characters Latok is the only playable character in the game. Notable non-player characters Latok meets include: Lou Miri Pixie, the green-haired messenger faerie sent by the King of Wavis that guides Latok along his way. Freya "Fray" Jerbain, a blue-haired sorceress who is the main heroine of a Xak series spin-off, Fray In Magical Adventure Please see also Fray CD Rune Greed, a green-haired warrior who is a descendant of Duel as well and is on a quest to slay the demons all on his own. Duel, the god of war, living on in spirit form. Rabbie, a magician's familiar rabbit given to Latok. Elise, a childhood friend of Latok and the granddaughter of Fairless's mayor. She could be considered as a possible romantic interest of Latok. Saria, Latok's Mother, who is blind. Latok has taken care of her ever since his father disappeared. Dork, Latoks's Father and a famous swordsman who has been missing for many years. Dork Kart is also a descendant of Duel. Bobby, the pacifist son of the blacksmith Dac of the town of Fairless. Fell Bow, a nun and the sister of Wavis general Nill Bow whose family's duty is to protect the White Xak Dipole and guide the descendants of Duel in their quest. King Arband Wavis, the current king of the Holy Kingdom of Wavis and the one who originally sent Pixie to the Kart family in the first Xak. Beluga, the general of the Holy Kingdom of Wavis army. Zamhan, an officer of the Farland Imperial Guard. Gahoo, a hermit living atop a tower on Mt. Ginganul who has the power to control golems. Pumpkinhead, a golem under the service of Gafuh who assists Latok and his party in battle. Leo, the admiral of the sky ship S.S. Excavation who assists Latok and his party in battle. Horn Ashtar, a bard that is traveling with Fell Bow that has helped Latok and Rune in previous adventures. Nezo Gineas, a flying demon under the command of Zomu Dizae. Zau Melz, a high-ranking officer within the demon army with lizard-like features under the command of Zomu Dizae. The Necromancer, a powerful black-robed demon with power over the dead who is a recurring villain in the series. Latok had killed him during the events of Xak II, however he has risen again. Oon Ranouz, a demon with aquatic attributes under the command of Zomu Dizae. Zaki Ranouz, the brother of Oon Ranouz also with aquatic attributes under the command of Zomu Dizae. Sunaga, a creature with white leopard-like features that is a part of Yaksha Knight's Storm Mercenaries group. Yunker, a creature with lizard-like features that is a part of Yaksha Knight's Storm Mercenaries group. Aldis, a female mage under the service of Yaksha Knight's Storm Mercenaries group. Yaksha Knight, a mysterious leader of a group known as the Storm Mercenaries. Also known under names such as "Lucifer Knight" or "Ghoul Knight". Zomu Dizae, the last of three powerful commanders of the demon army (Zemu Badu, Zamu Gospel were the other two) who took leadership after the fall of the original Demonlord Xexis. Gameplay Xak III is a classic dungeon crawl, in that the game proceeds by the player finding his way through labyrinthine maps, defeating opposing monsters on the way. In each map, keys, NPCs and other objects have to be found to gain entrance to the room where a boss dwells. After defeating the boss, the player can proceed towards the next map, where the structure repeats. Various sub-quests involving NPCs are present, most of them obligatory. Combat is in real-time. The player's character walks around on the game maps, as well as the monster characters. Each character has an attack and defense rating, different for each of its four sides. Moreover, Latok's ratings change depending on whether he is attacking or defending. As Latok or a monster takes damage or wards off an attack, the character is pushed backwards. This combat system requires some manual dexterity, especially during boss fights—bosses are generally several times larger than Latok himself. Latok advances in power through a classic leveling system. He starts from experience level 50, where Xak II (and The Tower of Gazzel) ended. Moreover, there are several shops scattered through the game where Latok can buy stronger swords, armours and shields. Gold, the game's currency, and experience points are awarded for killing monsters that wander the map. External links Xak III: The Eternal Recurrence at MobyGames XyZ: A Tribute to the Xak, Ys and Zelda Series Flame Bird (Archive) 1993 video games Action role-playing video games Fantasy video games FM Towns games Japan-exclusive video games Microcabin games NEC PC-9801 games Single-player video games TurboGrafx-CD games Video games about demons Video games developed in Japan
Misuse case is a business process modeling tool used in the software development industry. The term Misuse Case or mis-use case is derived from and is the inverse of use case. The term was first used in the 1990s by Guttorm Sindre of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, and Andreas L. Opdahl of the University of Bergen, Norway. It describes the process of executing a malicious act against a system, while use case can be used to describe any action taken by the system. Overview Use cases specify required behaviour of software and other products under development, and are essentially structured stories or scenarios detailing the normal behavior and usage of the software. A Misuse Case on the other hand highlights something that should not happen (i.e. a Negative Scenario) and the threats hence identified, help in defining new requirements, which are expressed as new Use Cases. This modeling tool has several strengths: It allows the provision of equal weightage to functional and non-functional requirements (e.g. security requirements, platform requirements, etc.), which may not be possible with other tools. It emphasizes security from the beginning of the design process and helps to avoid hasty design decisions. It is a tool for improving communication between developers and stakeholders and is valuable in ensuring that both agree on critical system solutions and Trade-off analysis. Creating misuse cases often triggers a chain reaction which eases the identification of functional and non-functional requirements. The discovery of a misuse case will often leads to the creation of a new use case that acts as a counter measure. This in turn might be the subject of a new misuse case. Compared to other tools, It relates better to use cases and UML and eases the seamless employment of the model. Its biggest weakness is its simplicity. It needs to be combined with more powerful tools to establish an adequate plan for the execution of a project. One other weakness is its lack of structure and semantics. From use to misuse case In an industry it is important to describe a system's behavior when it responds to a request that originates from outside : the use cases have become popular for requirements between the engineers thanks to its features like the visual modeling technique, they describe a system from an actor's viewpoint and its format explicitly conveys each actor's goals and the flows the system must implement to accomplish them. The level of abstraction of a use case model makes it an appropriate starting point for design activities, thanks to the use of UML use case diagrams and the end user's or domain expert's language. But for software security analyses, the developers should pay attention to negative scenarios and understand them. That is why, in the 1990s, the concept of "inverse of a use case" was born in Norway. The contrast between the misuse case and the use case is the goal: the misuse case describes potential system behaviors that a system's stakeholders consider unacceptable or, as Guttorm Sindre and Andreas L. Opdahl said, "a function that the system should not allow". This difference is also in the scenarios: a "positive" scenario is a sequence of actions leading to a Goal desired by a person or organization, while a "negative" one is a scenario whose goal is desired not to occur by the organization in question or desired by a hostile agent (not necessarily human). Another description of the difference is by that defines a use case as a completed sequence of actions which gives increased value to the user, one could define a misuse case as a completed sequence of actions which results in loss for the organization or some specific stakeholder. Between the "good" and the "bad" case the language to represent the scenario is common: the use case diagrams are formally included in two modeling languages defined by the OMG: the Unified Modeling Language (UML) and the Systems Modeling Language (SysML), and this use of drawing the agents and misuse cases of the scenario explicitly helps focus attention on it. Area of use Misuse case are most commonly used in the field of security. With the ever-growing importance of IT system, it has become vital for every company to develop capability to protect its data. Hence, for example a misuse case might be used to define what a hacker would want to do with the system and define his or her requirements. A developer or designer can then define the requirements of the user and the hacker in the same UML diagram which in turn helps identify the security risks of the system. Basic concepts A misuse case diagram is created together with a corresponding use case diagram. The model introduces 2 new important entities (in addition to those from the traditional use case model, use case and actor: Misuse case : A sequence of actions that can be performed by any person or entity in order to harm the system. Misuser : The actor that initiates the misuse case. This can either be done intentionally or inadvertently. Diagrams The misuse case model makes use of those relation types found in the use case model; include, extend, generalize and association. In addition, it introduces two new relations to be used in the diagram: mitigates A use case can mitigate the chance that a misuse case will complete successfully. threatens A misuse case can threaten a use case, e.g. by exploiting it or hinder it from achieving its goals. These new concepts together with the existing ones from use case give the following meta model, which is also found as fig. 2 in Sindre and Opdahl (2004). Descriptions There are two different ways of describing a misuse case textual; one is embedded in a use case description template - where an extra description field called Threats can be added. This is the field where misuse case steps (and alternate steps) can be filled in. This is referred to as the lightweight mode of describing a misuse case. The other way of describing a misuse case, is by using a separate template for this purpose only. It is suggested to inherit some of the field from use case description (Name, Summary, Author and Date). It also adapts the fields Basic path and Alternative path, where they now describe the paths of the misuse cases instead of the use cases. In addition to there, it is proposed to use several other fields too: Misuse case name Summary Author Date Basic path Alternative paths Mitigation points Extension points Triggers Preconditions Assumptions Mitigation guarantee Related business rules Potential misuser profile Stakeholders and threats Terminology and explanations Scope Abstraction level Precision level As one might understand, the list above is too comprehensive to be completely filled out every time. Not all the fields are required to be filled in at the beginning, and it should thus be viewed as a living document. There has also been some debating whether to start with diagrams or to start with descriptions. The recommendation given by Sindre and Opdahl on that matter is that it should be done as with use cases. Sindre and Opdahl proposes the following 5 steps for using misuse cases to identify security requirements: Identify critical assets in the system Define security goals for each assets Identify threats to each of these security goals, by identifying the stakeholders that may want to cause harm to the system Identify and analyze risks for the threats, using techniques like Risk Assessment Define security requirements for the risks. It is suggested to use a repository of reusable misuse cases as a support in this 5-step process. Research Current field of research Current research on misuse cases are primarily focused on the security improvements they can bring to a project, software projects in particular. Ways to increase the widespread adoption of the practice of misuse case development during earlier phases of application development are being considered: the sooner a flaw is found, the easier it is to find a patch and the lower the impact is on the final cost of the project. Other research focuses on improving the misuse case to achieve its final goal: for "there is a lack on the application process, and the results are too general and can cause a under-definition or misinterpretation of their concepts". They suggest furthermore "to see the misuse case in the light of a reference model for information system security risk management (ISSRM)" to obtain a security risk management process. Future improvement The misuse cases are well known by the population of researchers. The body of research on the subject demonstrate the knowledge, but beyond the academic world, the misuse case has not been broadly adopted. As Sindre and Opdahl (the parents of the misuse case concept) suggest: "Another important goal for further work is to facilitate broader industrial adoption of misuse cases". They propose, in the same article, to embed the misuse case in a usecase modeling tool and to create a "database" of standard misuse cases to assist software architects. System stakeholders should create their own misuse case charts for requirements that are specific to their own problem domains. Once developed, a knowledge database can reduce the amount of standard security flaws used by lambda hackers. Other research focused on possible missing concrete solutions of the misuse case: as wrote "While this approach can help in a high level elicitation of security requirements, it does not show how to associate the misuse cases to legitimate behavior and concrete assets; therefore, it is not clear what misuse case should be considered, nor in what context". These criticisms might be addressed with the suggestions and improvements presented in the precedent section. Standardization of the misuse case as part of the UML notation might allow it to become a mandatory part of project development. "It might be useful to create a specific notation for security functionality, or countermeasures that have been added to mitigate vulnerabilities and threats." See also Use case diagram Steps for Business Analyst To Gather Security Requirements from Misuse Cases Exception handling Threat model (software) References Business process Software project management Software requirements
Advanced Digital Information Corporation (ADIC) was an American manufacturer of tape libraries and storage management software which is now part of Quantum Corp. Their product line included both hardware, such as the Scalar line of robotic tape libraries, and software, such as the StorNext File System and the StorNext Storage Manager, a Hierarchical Storage Management system. Partners and resellers included Apple, Dell, EMC, Fujitsu-Siemens, HP, IBM and Sun. ADIC was acquired by Quantum in August 2006. References 1983 establishments in Washington (state) 2006 disestablishments in Washington (state) 2006 mergers and acquisitions American companies established in 1983 American companies disestablished in 2006 Computer companies established in 1983 Computer companies disestablished in 2006 Defunct companies based in Redmond, Washington Defunct computer companies of the United States Defunct technology companies of the United States
is a Japanese anime series. The anime is based on Japanese cell phone service NTT DoCoMo's dating simulation game released on August 15, 2005. The anime, directed by Takayuki Inagaki, premiered on both Tokyo MX TV and TV Saitama on October 1, 2006. The anime's 13 episodes were released between October 1, 2006, and December 24, 2006. An extra episode was released on July 19, 2007. Media Game The game was played on Japanese cell phone network NTT DoCoMo. The goal of the game was to form romantic relationships and hear love songs. Speech recognition software was employed to allow the player to directly converse with the characters. The player made story choices, spoke with characters, and heard characters conversing with each other. Different images were displayed on the player's phone depending on conversation choices and clothing selections. The game offered multiple endings depending on player decisions throughout the game. Anime In the anime, the main character is Yuta rather than his sister. For that reason, the anime has more of a homosexual element than the game. The anime uses two pieces of theme music. "Hanashitaku wa nai" by Flame is the series' opening theme, while "LOOK UP DAYS" by Michihiro Kuroda is the series' ending theme. Victor Entertainment released seven DVDs for the anime, each containing two episodes of the anime. The first DVD was released on January 25, 2007. The second DVD was released on February 21, 2007. The third DVD was released on March 21, 2007. The fourth DVD was released on April 25, 2007. The fifth DVD was released on May 23, 2007. The sixth DVD was released on June 21, 2007. The final DVD was released on July 19, 2007. Episode listing Game CDs Serendipity released three game music CDs. The first two CDs, Marginal Prince Songs 1 and Marginal Prince Songs 2, were both released on September 1, 2005. Both CDs were sung by Shun Someya, Ryotaro Okiayu and Hisayoshi Suganuma. The final CD, Marginal Prince Songs 2.1 -Stanislav Sokurov-, was released on January 22, 2006. Drama CD Serendipity released a drama CD, called Yuta Gakuin Tochaku Hen, for the anime on September 15, 2006. References External links Official website Shōjo manga Japanese LGBT-related animated television series
The relational theory of space is a metaphysical theory according to which space is composed of relations between objects, with the implication that it cannot exist in the absence of matter. Its opposite is the container theory. A relativistic physical theory implies a relational metaphysics, but not the other way round: even if space is composed of nothing but relations between observers and events, it would be conceptually possible for all observers to agree on their measurements, whereas relativity implies they will disagree. Newtonian physics can be cast in relational terms, but Newton insisted, for philosophical reasons, on absolute (container) space. The subject was famously debated by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz and a supporter of Newton's in the Leibniz–Clarke correspondence. An absolute approach can also be applied to time, with, for instance, the implication that there might have been vast epochs of time before the first event. See also René Descartes Philosophy of space and time Spacetime References Metaphysical theories Philosophy of physics Space
Pasang is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Brunei. The game is often referred to as Pasang Emas which is actually a software implementation of the traditional board game. The object of this game is to acquire the most points by capturing black and white tokens on the board. Black tokens are worth 1 point, and white tokens are worth 2 points. The board is initially laid out with all 120 black and white tokens in one of over 30 traditional patterns. Players choose a piece called a "ka" which is used to capture the tokens on the board. Each player's "ka" moves around the board capturing as many tokens as possible. As a note, the "kas" are the only mobile pieces in the game. The other pieces are stationary, and are captured by the "kas". Players must capture token(s) during their turn, or lose the game. When all tokens have been captured from the board, the player with the most points is the winner. However, if there are any tokens left on the board, and none can be captured on a player's turn, then that player loses the game, and the other player is the winner. The game is divided into three phases each with its own rules of capture. All three capturing methods are perhaps unique to Pasang. In the first phase, each player must choose a column of tokens to capture on their side of the board. The empty column left on the board is called a "passage". For the second phase, each player chooses a "ka" from among the tokens next to the passage, or tokens one column away from the passage whichever method both players agree upon. The "ka" then enters the passage and captures any odd number of tokens of the same color that it forms a line with from any orthogonal direction. From there on (third phase), each player's "ka" moves any number of vacant spaces in an orthogonal direction provided it can capture an odd number of tokens of the same color. However, the "ka" at this phase of the game captures tokens differently. If the "ka" is moving vertically (up and down), it can only capture tokens in a horizontal direction that it forms a line with. Likewise, if the "ka" moves horizontally (left and right), then it can only capture tokens in a vertical direction that it forms a line with. The game is unrelated to any other board game. It is perhaps remotely related to Fanorona. Its resemblance to Fanorona is that several pieces are captured in a particular line, and the pieces cover most of the board in the beginning. There is also a rule in the second and third phase, that an odd number of pieces must be captured reminiscent of the capturing rule in Rimau. Stewart Culin in his book "Chess and Playing Cards: Catalogue of Games and Implements for Divination" (1898) describes a Malaysian game called Chuki (on pages 871-873) whose board resembles that of Pasang's. The board (called papan chuki) is described as a square board of ten squares in length on both sides which makes for a grid of 11 in length on both sides (an 11 x 11 square grid which equates to 121 intersection points) when the pieces are played on the intersection points instead, and this is depicted on Figure 175 on page 871 where the game pieces (all 120 of them) are situated on the intersection points and not within the squares. Only one intersection point is not occupied by a game piece, and that is the central point of the board which is occupied by a small raised square (called a "tempat mangkok" which translates to "place of bowl") much like that of Pasang. Moreover, there are 60 white pieces and 60 black pieces in Chuki similarly as in Pasang. Due to the bowl (represented by a relatively large white circle) occupying the central point, the four orthogonal line segments next to the central point are omitted from the board on Figure 175; and on Figure 174 which depicts a table game board version of Chuki, the square bowl blocks the central point and the four line segments next to it. Therefore, both figures of Chuki show that the central point of the board and the four line segments next to it are not playable just like in Pasang. But Chuki's rules as described by Culin appears to be a different game from Pasang as it uses three dices which are thrown into the bowl, and the game pieces of the thrower are removed from the board according to the result of the cast. In Pasang there are no dices used, and the cup or bowl has no function in the game as it is used only to store the game pieces. But other descriptions of Chuki which were written as footnotes by other writers on page 872, describe a game called Chuke or Juki as a game resembling draughts, and this was from an 1852 Malay and English dictionary (pages 39, 62) by Crawford. An earlier account in 1835 describes Chuki or Tjoeki as resembling checkers with a 120 small squares with 60 black and 60 white pieces (1835, Roorda van Eysinga, Algemeen Javaansch en Nederduitsch woordenboek, p. 662.). There are other footnotes saying that Tjuki resembles draughts played with white and black beans. Goal When all the pieces on the board have been captured, the player that has acquired the most points is the winner. However, if there are any pieces left on the board, then the player who could not perform their last turn is the loser, and the other player is the winner. Equipment The board is an 11 x 11 square grid (or a 10 x 10 square board) with pieces played on the intersection points. A 2 x 2 empty square is made in the middle of the board. To be more specific, the middle point of the board is removed along with the four segments connected to it. Also, four diagonal lines from the four corners of the board connect to the four corners of the 2 x 2 empty square. The diagonal lines have no structural relevance to the game, they are just an aid in setting up the pieces on the board in one of over thirty possible patterns. In this article, only two patterns are described. There is a total of 120 intersection points for the pieces to be played upon. Each player has 60 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however any two colors will suffice. The game pieces are traditionally stored in a cup or bowl (called a "gadong")which sits on the central point of the board. Game play and rules 1. In the beginning, the board is laid out with all 120 pieces on the 120 intersection points in one of two patterns. Players must agree on which pattern to lay out the pieces on the board. Please see the first link below under the External Links section for a better visual description of the two possible patterns. The first pattern is described as the following: Let w = white piece, b = black piece, _ = empty (only found on the sixth row) a) First row (or Top row): ; b) Second row: ; c) Third row: ; d) Fourth row: ; e) Fifth row: ; f) Sixth row: ; g) Seventh row: ; h) Eighth row: ; i) Ninth row: ; j) Tenth row: ; k) Eleventh row: The second pattern is described as the following: Let w = white piece, b = black piece, _ = empty (only found on the sixth row) a) First row (or Top row): ; b) Second row: ; c) Third row: ; d) Fourth row: ; e) Fifth row: ; f) Sixth row: ; g) Seventh row: ; h) Eighth row: ; i) Ninth row: ; j) Tenth row: ; k) Eleventh row: 2. Once the pattern is agreed upon, and the pieces are laid out on the board accordingly, players then decide who will start first. 3. Players alternate their turns throughout the game. Only one move per turn, and each move is a capture. 4. Each black piece captured is worth 1 point, and each white piece captured is worth 2 points. First Phase: 5. For their first move, each player must choose a 5 piece column to capture on their respective half of the board. The first player captures first, and has eleven possible columns to choose from their side. The captured column of pieces are removed from the board, and kept by the first player to be scored. Captured pieces are never brought back into the game. This is the first capture for the first player. The empty column left on the board is called a "passage". 6. The second player then chooses their 5 piece column to capture, but is dependent upon which quadrant the first player had chosen their 5 piece column: a) If the first player had chosen a five piece column on the lower left quadrant of the board, then the second player must choose a five piece column on the diagonally opposite quadrant of the board, and in this case it is the upper right quadrant; b) similarly if, on the other hand, the first player had chosen a five piece column on the lower right quadrant of the board, then the second player must choose a five piece column on the upper left quadrant of the board; c) if, however, the first player had chosen the five piece column in the middle of the board, then the second player can choose from any column on their half of the board with the exception of their middle column. The second player captures the column, and removes the pieces from the board which are kept by him or her to be scored. Second Phase: 7. Each player must now choose a "ka". A "ka" is one piece that will be used throughout the rest of the game by the player to capture pieces on the board. No other piece is used by the player. The chosen "ka" can be of any color. Although the "ka" will either be black or white, the "ka" must be viewed as a non-colored piece. This concept is important with regards to capturing pieces as will be further described. 8. There are two ways to choose a "ka". Players must agree on which method the "ka" is to be chosen. One method (called the "sliding play") is to choose a piece from a 5 piece column adjacent to the passage the player had created. A second method (called the "jumping play") is to choose a piece from a 5 piece column that is one column removed from the passage (i.e. there is at least one column between it and the passage). 9. If the sliding play is chosen, the "ka" then slides horizontally (one space) into the passage, and captures piece(s) from that intersection point that it moved to in the passage. The possible pieces that the "ka" can capture are those that are in the same row nearest to the "ka", or in the same column nearest to the "ka". Captured piece(s) must belong in a row, or in a column, but not both; moreover, the piece(s) captured must be of the same color (i.e. monochrome - either white or black, but not both), and there must be an odd number of pieces (e.g. 1, 3, 5, etc.) excluding the "ka". Remember, the "ka" no longer represents any color, and is essentially a non-colored piece. The "ka" and the odd number of monochrome pieces must form a line in a row or column uninterrupted by the other colored piece(s) or by the other player's "ka". The "ka" and the monochrome piece(s) can be separated from each other with empty spaces; furthermore, the "ka" can be in any position in this line with the monochrome pieces. If more than one capturing line is formed, then the player must choose one and only one to capture. A special note to mention are those two orthogonal lines (one horizontal and one vertical) that run down the center of the board and are interrupted by the empty 2 x 2 square in the middle of the board. Those two lines are not continuous through the empty 2 x 2 square. Therefore, a "ka" cannot form a capturing line with pieces on the other side of the empty 2 x 2 square in either of those two orthogonal lines. 10. If the jumping play is chosen, the "ka" jumps horizontally over the column next to the passage, and lands in the passage. From here on, game play and rules are the same as described in #9. Note that #7, #8, #9, and #10 described the second move by each player. Third Phase: 11. After the second move, each player may move its "ka" orthogonally any number of unoccupied spaces as long it can capture. Remember, every move must be a capturing move. However, the capturing method for the rest of the game is slightly different. A "ka" that moves horizontally (in a row) can only capture vertically (pieces on a column), and vice versa, a "ka" that moves vertically (in a column) can only capture horizontally (pieces on a row). Therefore, a "ka" that moves horizontally must land on a space that it can capture vertically, and vice versa, a "ka" that moves vertically must land on a space that it can capture horizontally. It is only in the second move that a "ka" can move into a space and capture in either the horizontal or vertical direction. 12. If all the pieces on the board are captured, then the player with the most points wins the game. The point totals for each player is the score for that game. However, if the game can no longer progress because one player can no longer perform a capturing move (a situation called a "suntuk"), then that player is the loser, and the other player is the winner. The point total for this game is 120 - 0 in favor of the winner. Related games Fanorona References External links https://web.archive.org/web/20140911001933/http://www.nexmoo.com/pasang-game - Pasang game now available in smart phones and tablets (Android, Windows, iPhone/iPad and includes Bluetooth options). http://homepages.di.fc.ul.pt/~jpn/gv/pasangemas.htm http://pasang-emas.sourceforge.net/ Abstract strategy games Traditional board games Bruneian culture
ERC or Erc may refer to: Education Education and Research Consortium, a US educational organization Eleanor Roosevelt College, of the University of California San Diego NIOSH Education and Research Centers, of the United States National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health Emotion recognition in conversation, a research field to detect emotions from human conversation. Games and sports Component ERA, a baseball statistic European Rally Championship European Rugby Cup FIA European Rallycross Championship People Erc of Dalriada, king of Dál Riata until 474 Erc of Slane (died 514), Irish saint Erc mac Cairpri, a character from the Ulster Cycle Science and technology ERC (software), an IRC client Easily recognizable code, in the North American Numbering Plan Electrical rule check Electrochemical reduction of carbon dioxide Electronics Research Center, a defunct NASA research facility Energy release component of a fire Epithelial reticular cell Epitopoietic Research Corporation - ERC Immunotherapy ERMC (cable system), a Eurasian telecommunications system Error recovery control Ethereum Request for Comments European Research Council, a European Union funding body for science European Rover Challenge, a robotics competition Extrachromosomal rDNA circle Panhard ERC, a French armoured fighting vehicle Engineering Research Center, a defunct Western Electric subsidiary in Princeton, New Jersey Other uses ERC (human resources organization), US Earnings response coefficient Edmund Rice Camps, an Australian children's charity Electoral Reform Coalition, in New Zealand Ethics Resource Center, US European Referendum Campaign, advocating referendums European Research Council, European Research Council (ERC) European Resuscitation Council, for resuscitation medicine Republican Left of Catalonia (Catalan: ), a political party in Spain Employee Relocation Council or Worldwide ERC East Renfrewshire Council, Scotland Employee Retention Credit, a U.S. tax credit
Tracker is a family of business software products developed by Automation Centre. Each product includes applications for various business processes. While these products share a similar process framework, they differ in platform deployment. Products The Tracker family includes Tracker Suite, TrackerOffice, and TrackerSuite.Net. Tracker Suite and TrackerOffice are groupware, utilizing the Lotus Notes and Microsoft Outlook email systems, respectively. TrackerSuite.Net is a web application, although it also utilizes email for functions such as notifications and reminders. It is considered a cloud computing application, as it can be configured to interact with software as a service solutions such as QuickBooks Online Edition. TrackerSuite.Net also integrates with email systems, including Lotus Notes and Microsoft Outlook. Each Tracker product includes modular applications for typical business divisions including project management, information technology management, human resources and sales. However, the business modules available in each package differ. Similar applications also vary in terms of features offered. For example, the personnel management module in TrackerOffice does not offer as many functions and tools as the same module in Tracker Suite and TrackerSuite.Net. See also Project management software List of project management software Help Desk Comparison of time tracking software Comparison of help desk issue tracking software References Stang, D. (2011, June 13). MarketScope for Project and Portfolio Management Applications. Gartner. Retrieved May 5, 2012, from http://www.gartner.com/id=1724626. Levine, R. (2011, February 26). TrackerSuite.Net 3.6 Review. Bright Hub. Retrieved March 8, 2011, from http://www.brighthub.com/office/project-management/reviews/108262.aspx. (2009, August 17). Products to Watch. eWeek. Retrieved August 21, 2009, from http://www.eweek-digital.com/eweek/20090817/?pg=45#pg45. Levine, R. (2009, July 30). Top 5 Project Management Cartoons. Bright Hub. Retrieved August 2, 2009, from http://www.brighthub.com/office/project-management/articles/13681.aspx. (2007, May). Lotus Advisor Editors' Choice Awards 2007. IBM Lotus Advisor. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from https://web.archive.org/web/20080507192328/http://my.advisor.com/doc/18931. (2006, May). Lotus Advisor Editors' Choice Awards 2006. IBM Lotus Advisor. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from https://web.archive.org/web/20090428015658/http://my.advisor.com/doc/18957. Nelson, K. (2004, September 14). Bristol West Moves to PPM. Insurance & Technology Online. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from https://web.archive.org/web/20061019223414/http://www.insurancetech.com/news/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=47205294 Bonasia, J. (2004, August 5). Managers Cautiously Using Employee 'Tracking' Software. Investor's Business Daily. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from http://www.accessmylibrary.com/coms2/summary_0286-8786107_ITM. Pickett, P. (2004, September 3). Drilling Down to the Heart of the Task. ITWorld Canada. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from http://www.itworldcanada.com/Pages/Docbase/ViewArticle.aspx?ID=idgml-766b7948-6411-4980-bf50-db9be02f93e3. (2002, December). Lotus Advisor Excellence Awards. IBM Lotus Advisor. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from https://web.archive.org/web/20080930170548/http://my.advisor.com/doc/11420. Lombardo, C. (2002, December). T&B Software: About Time- And More. Accounting Technology. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from http://www.accessmylibrary.com/coms2/summary_0286-26944159_ITM. Dauten, D. (2002, November 3). Going With the Flow Innovative Way to Grow. Chicago Tribune. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from https://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/chicagotribune/access/230358361.html?dids=230358361:230358361&FMT=ABS&FMTS=ABS:FT. George, T. (2002, June 10). DuPont Plays the Match Game. InformationWeek. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from http://www.informationweek.com/news/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=6504515. Fox, P. (2002, April 22). Tapping the Right Tools. ComputerWorld.com. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from https://web.archive.org/web/20070302144543/http://www.computerworld.com/action/article.do?command=viewArticleBasic. (2002, February). Sanyo Succeeds with Automation Centre's Personnel Tracker. EproMag.com. Moore, C. (2002, January 30). Lotusphere Showcases Messaging, Collaboration Software. InfoWorld. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from https://web.archive.org/web/20080121101838/http://www.infoworld.com/articles/hn/xml/02/01/30/020130hnlotuswrap.html Sullivan, Laurie. (2002, January 15). Pioneer-Standard Invests in Collaborative Software. EBN.com. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from http://www.alacrastore.com/storecontent/bni/25105125. Tillet, S. (2002, January 7). Project Mgm't Automated. Internet Week. Retrieved January 16, 2008, from HighBeam. Sanborn, S. and Moore, C. (2001, December 7). Collaboration Comes Together. InfoWorld. Retrieved January 16, 2008 from https://web.archive.org/web/20050223100842/http://www.infoworld.com/articles/fe/xml/01/12/10/011210fecollab.html. Moore, C. (2001, October 22). Collaboration Burrows Into Biz Apps. InfoWorld. Retrieved January 16, 2008 from https://web.archive.org/web/20050325171048/http://www.infoworld.com/articles/fe/xml/01/10/22/011022feedge.html External links TrackerSuite.Net official site. TrackerSuite.Net Flash demonstrations. Outlook Project Management Software Project management software
Intel Active Management Technology (AMT) is hardware and firmware for remote out-of-band management of select business computers, running on the Intel Management Engine, a microprocessor subsystem not exposed to the user, intended for monitoring, maintenance, updating, and repairing systems. Out-of-band (OOB) or hardware-based management is different from software-based (or in-band) management and software management agents. Hardware-based management works at a different level from software applications, and uses a communication channel (through the TCP/IP stack) that is different from software-based communication (which is through the software stack in the operating system). Hardware-based management does not depend on the presence of an OS or a locally installed management agent. Hardware-based management has been available on Intel/AMD based computers in the past, but it has largely been limited to auto-configuration using DHCP or BOOTP for dynamic IP address allocation and diskless workstations, as well as wake-on-LAN (WOL) for remotely powering on systems. AMT is not intended to be used by itself; it is intended to be used alongside a software management application. It gives a management application (and thus, the system administrator who uses it) access to the PC down the wire, in order to remotely do tasks that are difficult or sometimes impossible when working on a PC that does not have remote functionalities built into it. AMT is designed into a service processor located on the motherboard, and uses TLS-secured communication and strong encryption to provide additional security. AMT is built into PCs with Intel vPro technology and is based on the Intel Management Engine (ME). AMT has moved towards increasing support for DMTF Desktop and mobile Architecture for System Hardware (DASH) standards and AMT Release 5.1 and later releases are an implementation of DASH version 1.0/1.1 standards for out-of-band management. AMT provides similar functionality to IPMI, although AMT is designed for client computing systems as compared with the typically server-based IPMI. Currently, AMT is available in desktops, servers, ultrabooks, tablets, and laptops with Intel Core vPro processor family, including Intel Core i5, Core i7, Core i9 and Intel Xeon E3-1000, Xeon E, Xeon W-1000 product family. AMT also requires an Intel networking card and the corporate version of the Intel Management Engine binary. Intel confirmed a Remote Elevation of Privilege bug (, SA-00075) in its Management Technology on May 1, 2017. Every Intel platform with either Intel Standard Manageability, Active Management Technology, or Small Business Technology, from Nehalem in 2008 to Kaby Lake in 2017 has a remotely exploitable security hole in the ME. Some manufacturers, like Purism and System76 are already selling hardware with Intel Management Engine disabled to prevent the remote exploit. Additional major security flaws in the ME affecting a very large number of computers incorporating Management Engine, Trusted Execution Engine, and Server Platform Services firmware, from Skylake in 2015 to Coffee Lake in 2017, were confirmed by Intel on November 20, 2017 (SA-00086). Non-free service access Although iAMT may be included for free in devices sold to the public and to small businesses, the full capabilities of iAMT, including encrypted remote access via a public key certificate and automatic remote device provisioning of unconfigured iAMT clients, are not accessible for free to the general public or to the direct owners of iAMT equipped devices. iAMT cannot be fully utilized to its maximum potential without purchasing additional software or management services from Intel or another 3rd party independent software vendor (ISV) or value added reseller (VAR). Intel itself provides a developer's toolkit software package which allows basic access to iAMT, but is not intended to be normally used to access the technology. Only basic modes of access are supported, without full access to the encrypted communications of the complete purchased management system. Features Intel AMT includes hardware-based remote management, security, power management, and remote configuration features that enable independent remote access to AMT-enabled PCs. Intel AMT is security and management technology that is built into PCs with Intel vPro technology. Intel AMT uses a hardware-based out-of-band (OOB) communication channel that operates regardless of the presence of a working operating system. The communication channel is independent of the PC's power state, the presence of a management agent, and the state of many hardware components such as hard disk drives and memory. Most AMT features are available OOB, regardless of PC power state. Other features require the PC to be powered up (such as console redirection via serial over LAN (SOL), agent presence checking, and network traffic filtering). Intel AMT has remote power-up capability. Hardware-based features can be combined with scripting to automate maintenance and service. Hardware-based AMT features on laptop and desktop PCs include: Encrypted, remote communication channel for network traffic between the IT console and Intel AMT. Ability for a wired PC (physically connected to the network) outside the company's firewall on an open LAN to establish a secure communication tunnel (via AMT) back to the IT console. Examples of an open LAN include a wired laptop at home or at an site that does not have a proxy server. Remote power up / power down / power cycle through encrypted WOL. Remote boot, via integrated device electronics redirect (IDE-R). Console redirection, via serial over LAN (SOL). Keyboard, video, mouse (KVM) over network. Hardware-based filters for monitoring packet headers in inbound and outbound network traffic for known threats (based on programmable timers), and for monitoring known / unknown threats based on time-based heuristics. Laptops and desktop PCs have filters to monitor packet headers. Desktop PCs have packet-header filters and time-based filters. Isolation circuitry (previously and unofficially called "circuit breaker" by Intel) to port-block, rate-limit, or fully isolate a PC that might be compromised or infected. Agent presence checking, via hardware-based, policy-based programmable timers. A "miss" generates an event; and this can also generate an alert. OOB alerting. Persistent event log, stored in protected memory (not on the hard drive). Access (preboot) the PC's universal unique identifier (UUID). Access (preboot) hardware asset information, such as a component's manufacturer and model, which is updated every time the system goes through power-on self-test (POST). Access (preboot) to third-party data store (TPDS), a protected memory area that software vendors can use, in which to version information, .DAT files, and other information. Remote configuration options, including certificate-based zero-touch remote configuration, USB key configuration (light-touch), and manual configuration. Protected Audio/Video Pathway for playback protection of DRM-protected media. Laptops with AMT also include wireless technologies: Support for IEEE 802.11 a/g/n wireless protocols Cisco-compatible extensions for Voice over WLAN History Software updates provide upgrades to the next minor version of Intel AMT. New major releases of Intel AMT are built into a new chipset, and are updated through new hardware. Applications Almost all AMT features are available even if the PC is in a powered-off state but with its power cord attached, if the operating system has crashed, if the software agent is missing, or if hardware (such as a hard drive or memory) has failed. The console-redirection feature (SOL), agent presence checking, and network traffic filters are available after the PC is powered up. Intel AMT supports these management tasks: Remotely power up, power down, power cycle, and power reset the computer. Remote boot the PC by remotely redirecting the PC's boot process, causing it to boot from a different image, such as a network share, bootable CD-ROM or DVD, remediation drive, or other boot device. This feature supports remote booting a PC that has a corrupted or missing OS. Remotely redirect the system's I/O via console redirection through serial over LAN (SOL). This feature supports remote troubleshooting, remote repair, software upgrades, and similar processes. Access and change BIOS settings remotely. This feature is available even if PC power is off, the OS is down, or hardware has failed. This feature is designed to allow remote updates and corrections of configuration settings. This feature supports full BIOS updates, not just changes to specific settings. Detect suspicious network traffic. In laptop and desktop PCs, this feature allows a sys-admin to define the events that might indicate an inbound or outbound threat in a network packet header. In desktop PCs, this feature also supports detection of known and/or unknown threats (including slow- and fast-moving computer worms) in network traffic via time-based, heuristics-based filters. Network traffic is checked before it reaches the OS, so it is also checked before the OS and software applications load, and after they shut down (a traditionally vulnerable period for PCs). Block or rate-limit network traffic to and from systems suspected of being infected or compromised by computer viruses, computer worms, or other threats. This feature uses Intel AMT hardware-based isolation circuitry that can be triggered manually (remotely, by the sys-admin) or automatically, based on IT policy (a specific event). Manage hardware packet filters in the on-board network adapter. Automatically send OOB communication to the IT console when a critical software agent misses its assigned check in with the programmable, policy-based hardware-based timer. A "miss" indicates a potential problem. This feature can be combined with OOB alerting so that the IT console is notified only when a potential problem occurs (helps keep the network from being flooded by unnecessary "positive" event notifications). Receive Platform Event Trap (PET) events out-of-band from the AMT subsystem (for example, events indicating that the OS is hung or crashed, or that a password attack has been attempted). An alert can be issued on an event (such as falling out of compliance, in combination with agent presence checking) or on a threshold (such as reaching a particular fan speed). Access a persistent event log, stored in protected memory. The event log is available OOB, even if the OS is down or the hardware has already failed. Discover an AMT system independently of the PC's power state or OS state. Discovery (preboot access to the UUID) is available if the system is powered down, its OS is compromised or down, hardware (such as a hard drive or memory) has failed, or management agents are missing. Perform a software inventory or access information about software on the PC. This feature allows a third-party software vendor to store software asset or version information for local applications in the Intel AMT protected memory. (This is the protected third party data store, which is different from the protected AMT memory for hardware component information and other system information). The third-party data store can be accessed OOB by the sys-admin. For example, an antivirus program could store version information in the protected memory that is available for third-party data. A computer script could use this feature to identify PCs that need to be updated. Perform a hardware inventory by uploading the remote PC's hardware asset list (platform, baseboard management controller, BIOS, processor, memory, disks, portable batteries, field replaceable units, and other information). Hardware asset information is updated every time the system runs through power-on self-test (POST). From major version 6, Intel AMT embeds a proprietary VNC server, for out-of-band access using dedicated VNC-compatible viewer technology, and have full KVM (keyboard, video, mouse) capability throughout the power cycle – including uninterrupted control of the desktop when an operating system loads. Clients such as VNC Viewer Plus from RealVNC also provide additional functionality that might make it easier to perform (and watch) certain Intel AMT operations, such as powering the computer off and on, configuring the BIOS, and mounting a remote image (IDER). Provisioning and integration AMT supports certificate-based or PSK-based remote provisioning (full remote deployment), USB key-based provisioning ("one-touch" provisioning), manual provisioning and provisioning using an agent on the local host ("Host Based Provisioning"). An OEM can also pre-provision AMT. The current version of AMT supports remote deployment on both laptop and desktop PCs. (Remote deployment was one of the key features missing from earlier versions of AMT and which delayed acceptance of AMT in the market.) Remote deployment, until recently, was only possible within a corporate network. Remote deployment lets a sys-admin deploy PCs without "touching" the systems physically. It also allows a sys-admin to delay deployments and put PCs into use for a period of time before making AMT features available to the IT console. As delivery and deployment models evolve, AMT can now be deployed over the Internet, using both "Zero-Touch" and Host-Based methods. PCs can be sold with AMT enabled or disabled. The OEM determines whether to ship AMT with the capabilities ready for setup (enabled) or disabled. The setup and configuration process may vary depending on the OEM build. AMT includes a Privacy Icon application, called IMSS, that notifies the system's user if AMT is enabled. It is up to the OEM to decide whether they want to display the icon or not. AMT supports different methods for disabling the management and security technology, as well as different methods for reenabling the technology. AMT can be partially unprovisioned using the Configuration Settings, or fully unprovisioned by erasing all configuration settings, security credentials, and operational and networking settings. A partial unprovisioning leaves the PC in the setup state. In this state, the PC can self-initiate its automated, remote configuration process. A full unprovisioning erases the configuration profile as well as the security credentials and operational / networking settings required to communicate with the Intel Management Engine. A full unprovisioning returns Intel AMT to its factory default state. Once AMT is disabled, in order to enable AMT again, an authorized sys-admin can reestablish the security credentials required to perform remote configuration by either: Using the remote configuration process (full automated, remote config via certificates and keys). Physically accessing the PC to restore security credentials, either by USB key or by entering the credentials and MEBx parameters manually. There is a way to totally reset AMT and return in to factory defaults. This can be done in two ways: Setting the appropriate value in the BIOS. Clearing the CMOS memory and / or NVRAM. Setup and integration of AMT is supported by a setup and configuration service (for automated setup), an AMT Webserver tool (included with Intel AMT), and AMT Commander, an unsupported and free, proprietary application available from the Intel website. Communication All access to the Intel AMT features is through the Intel Management Engine in the PC's hardware and firmware. AMT communication depends on the state of the Management Engine, not the state of the PC's OS. As part of the Intel Management Engine, the AMT OOB communication channel is based on the TCP/IP firmware stack designed into system hardware. Because it is based on the TCP/IP stack, remote communication with AMT occurs via the network data path before communication is passed to the OS. Intel AMT supports wired and wireless networks. For wireless notebooks on battery power, OOB communication is available when the system is awake and connected to the corporate network, even if the OS is down. OOB communication is also available for wireless or wired notebooks connected to the corporate network over a host OS-based virtual private network (VPN) when notebooks are awake and working properly. AMT version 4.0 and higher can establish a secure communication tunnel between a wired PC and an IT console outside the corporate firewall. In this scheme, a management presence server (Intel calls this a "vPro-enabled gateway") authenticates the PC, opens a secure TLS tunnel between the IT console and the PC, and mediates communication. The scheme is intended to help the user or PC itself request maintenance or service when at satellite offices or similar places where there is no on-site proxy server or management appliance. Technology that secures communications outside a corporate firewall is relatively new. It also requires that an infrastructure be in place, including support from IT consoles and firewalls. An AMT PC stores system configuration information in protected memory. For PCs version 4.0 and higher, this information can include the name(s) of appropriate "whitelist" management servers for the company. When a user tries to initiate a remote session between the wired PC and a company server from an open LAN, AMT sends the stored information to a management presence server (MPS) in the "demilitarized zone" ("DMZ") that exists between the corporate firewall and client (the user PC's) firewalls. The MPS uses that information to help authenticate the PC. The MPS then mediates communication between the laptop and the company's management servers. Because communication is authenticated, a secure communication tunnel can then be opened using TLS encryption. Once secure communications are established between the IT console and Intel AMT on the user's PC, a sys-admin can use the typical AMT features to remotely diagnose, repair, maintain, or update the PC. Design Hardware The Management Engine (ME) is an isolated and protected coprocessor, embedded as a non-optional part in all current () Intel chipsets. Starting with ME 11, it is based on the Intel Quark x86-based 32-bit CPU and runs the MINIX 3 operating system. The ME state is stored in a partition of the SPI flash, using the Embedded Flash File System (EFFS). Previous versions were based on an ARC core, with the Management Engine running the ThreadX RTOS from Express Logic. Versions 1.x to 5.x of the ME used the ARCTangent-A4 (32-bit only instructions) whereas versions 6.x to 8.x used the newer ARCompact (mixed 32- and 16-bit instruction set architecture). Starting with ME 7.1, the ARC processor could also execute signed Java applets. The ME shares the same network interface and IP as the host system. Traffic is routed based on packets to ports 16992–16995. Support exists in various Intel Ethernet controllers, exported and made configurable via Management Component Transport Protocol (MCTP). The ME also communicates with the host via PCI interface. Under Linux, communication between the host and the ME is done via /dev/mei or more recently /dev/mei0. Until the release of Nehalem processors, the ME was usually embedded into the motherboard's northbridge, following the Memory Controller Hub (MCH) layout. With the newer Intel architectures (Intel 5 Series onwards), ME is included into the Platform Controller Hub (PCH). Firmware Management Engine (ME) - mainstream chipsets Server Platform Services (SPS) - server Trusted Execution Engine (TXE) - tablet/mobile/low power Security Because AMT allows access to the PC below the OS level, security for the AMT features is a key concern. Security for communications between Intel AMT and the provisioning service and/or management console can be established in different ways depending on the network environment. Security can be established via certificates and keys (TLS public key infrastructure, or TLS-PKI), pre-shared keys (TLS-PSK), or administrator password. Security technologies that protect access to the AMT features are built into the hardware and firmware. As with other hardware-based features of AMT, the security technologies are active even if the PC is powered off, the OS is crashed, software agents are missing, or hardware (such as a hard drive or memory) has failed. Because the software that implements AMT exists outside of the operating system, it is not kept up-to-date by the operating system's normal update mechanism. Security defects in the AMT software can therefore be particularly severe, as they will remain long after they have been discovered and become known to potential attackers. On May 15, 2017, Intel announced a critical vulnerability in AMT. According to the update "The vulnerability could enable a network attacker to remotely gain access to business PCs or devices that use these technologies". Intel announced partial availability of a firmware update to patch the vulnerability for some of the affected devices. Networking While some protocols for in-band remote management use a secured network communication channel (for example Secure Shell), some other protocols are not secured. Thus some businesses have had to choose between having a secure network or allowing IT to use remote management applications without secure communications to maintain and service PCs. Modern security technologies and hardware designs allow remote management even in more secure environments. For example, Intel AMT supports IEEE 802.1x, Preboot Execution Environment (PXE), Cisco SDN, and Microsoft NAP. All AMT features are available in a secure network environment. With Intel AMT in the secure network environment: The network can verify the security posture of an AMT-enabled PC and authenticate the PC before the OS loads and before the PC is allowed access to the network. PXE boot can be used while maintaining network security. In other words, an IT administrator can use an existing PXE infrastructure in an IEEE 802.1x, Cisco SDN, or Microsoft NAP network. Intel AMT can embed network security credentials in the hardware, via the Intel AMT Embedded Trust Agent and an AMT posture plug-in. The plug-in collects security posture information, such as firmware configuration and security parameters from third-party software (such as antivirus software and antispyware), BIOS, and protected memory. The plug-in and trust agent can store the security profile(s) in AMT's protected, nonvolatile memory, which is not on the hard disk drive. Because AMT has an out-of-band communication channel, AMT can present the PC's security posture to the network even if the PC's OS or security software is compromised. Since AMT presents the posture out-of-band, the network can also authenticate the PC out-of-band, before the OS or applications load and before they try to access the network. If the security posture is not correct, a system administrator can push an update OOB (via Intel AMT) or reinstall critical security software before letting the PC access the network. Support for different security postures depends on the AMT release: Support for IEEE 802.1x and Cisco SDN requires AMT version 2.6 or higher for laptops, and AMT version 3.0 or higher for desktop PCs. Support for Microsoft NAP requires AMT version 4.0 or higher. Support for PXE boot with full network security requires AMT version 3.2 or higher for desktop PCs. Technology AMT includes several security schemes, technologies, and methodologies to secure access to the AMT features during deployment and during remote management. AMT security technologies and methodologies include: Transport Layer Security, including pre-shared key TLS (TLS-PSK) HTTP authentication Single sign-on to Intel AMT with Microsoft Windows domain authentication, based on Microsoft Active Directory and Kerberos Digitally signed firmware Pseudo-random number generator (PRNG) which generates session keys Protected memory (not on the hard disk drive) for critical system data, such as the UUID, hardware asset information, and BIOS configuration settings Access control lists (ACL) As with other aspects of Intel AMT, the security technologies and methodologies are built into the chipset. Known vulnerabilities and exploits Ring −3 rootkit A ring −3 rootkit was demonstrated by Invisible Things Lab for the Q35 chipset; it does not work for the later Q45 chipset, as Intel implemented additional protections. The exploit worked by remapping the normally protected memory region (top 16 MB of RAM) reserved for the ME. The ME rootkit could be installed regardless of whether the AMT is present or enabled on the system, as the chipset always contains the ARC ME coprocessor. (The "−3" designation was chosen because the ME coprocessor works even when the system is in the S3 state, thus it was considered a layer below the System Management Mode rootkits.) For the vulnerable Q35 chipset, a keystroke logger ME-based rootkit was demonstrated by Patrick Stewin. Zero-touch provisioning Another security evaluation by Vassilios Ververis showed serious weaknesses in the GM45 chipset implementation. In particular, it criticized AMT for transmitting unencrypted passwords in the SMB provisioning mode when the IDE redirection and Serial over LAN features are used. It also found that the "zero touch" provisioning mode (ZTC) is still enabled even when the AMT appears to be disabled in BIOS. For about 60 euros, Ververis purchased from Go Daddy a certificate that is accepted by the ME firmware and allows remote "zero touch" provisioning of (possibly unsuspecting) machines, which broadcast their HELLO packets to would-be configuration servers. Silent Bob is Silent In May 2017, Intel confirmed that many computers with AMT have had an unpatched critical privilege-escalation vulnerability (). The vulnerability, which was nicknamed "Silent Bob is Silent" by the researchers who had reported it to Intel, affects numerous laptops, desktops and servers sold by Dell, Fujitsu, Hewlett-Packard (later Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP Inc.), Intel, Lenovo, and possibly others. Those researchers claimed that the bug affects systems made in 2010 or later. Other reports claimed that the bug also affects systems made as long ago as 2008. The vulnerability was described as giving remote attackers: The remote user authorization process included a programmer error: it compared the user-given authorization token hash (user_response) to the true value of the hash (computed_response) using this code: strncmp(computed_response, user_response, response_length) The vulnerability was that response_length was the length of the user-given token and not of the true token. Since the third argument for strncmp is the length of the two strings to be compared, if it is less than the length of computed_response, only a part of the string will be tested for equality. Specifically, if user_response is the empty string (with length 0), this "comparison" will always return true, and thus validate the user. This allowed any person to simply log into the admin account on the devices by editing their sent HTTP packet to use the empty string as the response field's value. PLATINUM In June 2017, the PLATINUM cybercrime group became notable for exploiting the serial over LAN (SOL) capabilities of AMT to perform data exfiltration of stolen documents. SA-00086 In November 2017 serious flaws were detected in the Management Engine (ME) firmware by security firm Positive Technologies, who claimed to have developed a working exploit of this system for someone having physical access to a USB port. On November 20, 2017, Intel confirmed that a number of serious flaws had been found in the Management Engine, Trusted Execution Engine, Server Platform Services and released a "critical firmware update". Avoidance and mitigation PCs with AMT typically provide an option in the BIOS menu to switch off AMT, though OEMs implement BIOS features differently, and therefore the BIOS is not a reliable method to switch off AMT. Intel-based PCs that shipped without AMT are not supposed to be able to have AMT installed later. However, as long as the PC's hardware is potentially capable of running the AMT, it is unclear how effective these protections are. Presently, there are mitigation guides and tools to disable AMT on Windows, but Linux has only received a tool to check whether AMT is enabled and provisioned on Linux systems. The only way to actually fix this vulnerability is to install a firmware update. Intel has made a list of updates available. Unlike for AMT, there is generally no official, documented way to disable the Management Engine (ME); it is always on, unless it is not enabled at all by the OEM. In 2015, a small number of competing vendors began to offer Intel-based PCs designed or modified specifically to address potential AMT vulnerabilities and related concerns. See also Backdoor (computing) Host Embedded Controller Interface HP Integrated Lights-Out Intel CIRA Intel Core Internet kill switch Platform Controller Hub Lights out management Southbridge (computing) System Service Processor Intel AMT versions Intel Management Engine Intel vPro References External links Open AMT Cloud Toolkit MeshCentral2 Intel Manageability Commander Implementing Intel AMT Intel Security Center Intel Active Management Technology Intel Manageability Developer Community Intel vPro Expert Center Intel 82573E Gigabit Ethernet Controller (Tekoa) ARC4 Processor AMT videos (select the desktop channel) Intel AMT Client - Radmin Viewer 3.3 Intel vPro/AMT as a hardware antivirus AMT Over the Internet Provisioning (OOB Manager) Intel ME Secrets: Hidden code in your chipset and how to discover what exactly it does by Igor Skochinsky, talk at Code Blue 2014 Using Intel AMT and the Intel NUC with Ubuntu Active Management Technology Out-of-band management System administration
SilverFast is the name of a family of software for image scanning and processing, including photos, documents and slides, developed by LaserSoft Imaging. There are also other applications for image processing using digital cameras or printers and for 48-bit raw data image processing. History SilverFast was introduced in 1995, it is still under development today. Some scanner manufacturers bundle their hardware with SilverFast software. Some of the features developed for SilverFast, especially in the area of color management, error detection and automatic dust and scratch removal, have been patented. The European Digital Press Association named SilverFast the "Best colour management software of the year 2008" for improving the dynamic range of most scanners and for creating ICC profiles automatically. In 2011 version 8 was introduced, and HDR imaging software followed in 2012. SilverFast 9 has been released in 2020. Patents 2005: Patent granted on barcode technology used for the Auto IT8 Calibration. (Karl-Heinz Zahorsky, EP: 1594301, expired) 2008: Patent granted on technology used for SilverFast Multi-Exposure@. (Karl-Heinz Zahorsky, EP: 1744278, US 8,693,808) 2023: Patent granted on the ExpressScan, a scanning method that reduces scanning time for flatbed scanners. (Karl-Heinz Zahorsky, US 11,558,529 B2, European patent pending) Products SilverFast is offered individually adjusted to the respective scanner model. If several scanners are operated, it is therefore necessary to purchase a corresponding number of additional licenses. Upgrade rates are also offered when purchasing a new scanner. Overview of the available products: 1) including: Multi-Exposure 2) optional: ICC Printer Calibration Optional features As marked in the table above, some products are available with additional features: Multi-Exposure – Multi-Exposure is an exposure blending technique for scanning transparent originals like slides, negatives, and film strips with increased dynamic range. This is accomplished by scanning the original multiple times with different exposure times, increasing the dynamic range and preserving detail in the light and shadow areas of the image. Multi-Exposure does not work with reflective originals and differs from "Multi-Sampling," which also scans multiple times but with unaltered exposure. ICC Printer Calibration – The SilverFast ICC Printer Calibration calibrates the printer using a previously calibrated flatbed scanner as the measuring device for profiling the printer. SilverFast Scanner Software It can be used as a stand-alone application, as a Photoshop plug-in, or as a universal TWAIN module. Versions include: SilverFast SE (basic edition) SilverFast SE Plus (plus edition / with Multi-Exposure) SilverFast Ai Studio (premium edition) SilverFast X-Ray (a special version of SilverFast designed to digitize radiographic films for scientific and medical radiography) SilverFast HDR Software SilverFast HDR is a computer program for processing 48-bit raw images. Many newer scanners are able to output the image directly with all existing data instead of breaking it down to 24-bit. This 48-bit raw image can be saved immediately and digital processing performed later. SilverFast HDR (basic edition) SilverFast HDR Studio (premium edition) SilverFast HDR contains the functionality of SilverFast Ai Studio for 48-bit raw data, such as defining output size and resolution, auto-adjusting of highlights and shadows, three-part histogram, gradation curves, selective color correction, unsharp masking, color cast removal slider, color separation, and CMYK-preview. SilverFast HDR can be used as a native plug-in for Adobe Photoshop, as a universal TWAIN module, or as a stand-alone application. The HDR Studio has AACO (Auto-Adaptive Contrast Optimization), JPEG 2000, USMPlus (Unsharp Mask Plus), CloneTool and PrinTao. HDRi (64Bit RAW data with infrared channel) With version 6.6.1 any SilverFast HDR version supports the proprietary RAW data format HDRi. These 64-bit HDRi color files and 32-bit HDRi greyscale files contain additional 16-bit infrared RAW data besides the 48-bit color RAW data and 16-bit greyscale RAW data respectively. Therefore, a scanner with an infrared channel available to the software is necessary. This RAW format can keep any readable image information for later post-processing. The acronym "HDR" as used by SilverFast is not related to High-dynamic-range imaging, a widely used technique to increase the dynamic range of (digital) images. The data format is: SilverFast Archiving Software The SilverFast Archive Suite includes SilverFast Ai Studio and SilverFast HDR Studio with an integrated color management system. This package is suitable for archiving slides, negatives, and photos, whereas the post processing can take place anytime after scanning. SilverFast Archive Suite - consisting of SilverFast Ai Studio and SilverFast HDR Studio (premium edition) PrintTao 8 PrintTao 8 is for Canon and Epson large format printers. It can be used as a stand-alone application or as a plug-in for Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Lightroom. PrinTao 8 takes over color management and all printer driver settings. It contains various printing templates like pack templates for portrait photographers or gallery wrap templates for printing on canvas. SRDx Photoshop Plug-in SRDx (Smart Removal of Defects) is a plug-in for Adobe Photoshop to remove defects like dust particles, specks, small scratches and finger prints from digital images. Most dust and scratch removal tools use blur effects which degrade overall image quality. SRDx works without any unsharping effects. SRDx uses an adjustable automatic detection of dust and scratches that can be fine-tuned manually using a defect marker and a rubber tool. SilverFast DC SilverFast DC has been discontinued. SilverFast DC was a stand-alone software for digital camera image processing. It contained features for reading the image data from the camera, for processing, optimizing, and archiving the images on the computer, as well as for printing the edited images. IT8 calibration & color management Scanner calibration: SilverFast is equipped with a color management system that enables largely automated IT8 color calibration of the scanner using IT8 targets supplied by the manufacturer LaserSoft Imaging. according to ISO standard 12641-1 (from 1993): conventional standard according to ISO standard 12641-2 (from 2020): new standard for a more precise IT8 calibration with about 3 times the number of measuring fields. LaserSoft Imaging cooperated for creating this standard. Printer calibration: SilverFast also enables printer calibration by printing a color table and then scanning it using an already calibrated scanner to create an ICC profile. Supported devices SilverFast supports 325 scanners. Most Microsoft Windows-only 35mm USB scanners sold under various names are not supported. Each scanner model requires a separate license. Heidelberg drum scanner SilverFast Ai Studio supports prepress drum scanners made by Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG (Linotype - Hell) on Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, Vista and 7, as well as Mac OS X 10.3-10.5 operating systems. Supported models include the Chromagraph 3300/3400, Tango/XL, Topaz, Nexscan, and Primescan. See also Software supporting many scanner models: Image Capture – scanner software for Mac OS X, bundled free with the operating system Scanner Access Now Easy (SANE) – multiplatform open source scanner API References Further reading Karl-Heinz Zahorsky. Create Brilliant Images with SilverFast. - SilverFast E-Book, 2021. Taz Tally, Ph.D. SilverFast - The Official Guide. - Sybex, 2003. Sascha Steinhoff. Scanning negatives and slides: digitizing your photographic archive - Rocky Nook, 2007. Windows graphics-related software MacOS graphics-related software Proprietary software Photo software Image scanning High dynamic range file formats
The 113th Sustainment Brigade is a modular sustainment brigade of the United States Army National Guard. The unit is composed of units from the North Carolina Army National Guard. The unit was originally formed in 1974 as the 113th Field Artillery Brigade. On 5 October 2008, the unit was reformed as a sustainment brigade, losing the 5th Battalion, 113th Field Artillery Regiment, a unit that had been assigned to the brigade since its formation, as a part of the process. The unit honors and lineage has since passed onto Battery C, 5th Battalion, 113th Field Artillery Regiment. To date, the 113th Sustainment Brigade has been a key contributor to mobilizing units within the NCNG in support of Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom and the Multinational Force and Observers by providing personnel, transportation and equipment support. Insignia Shoulder Sleeve Insignia Description: The new shoulder sleeve insignia is a scarlet rectangle arched at the top and bottom, three inches in height and two inches in width. There are three buff bendlets, superimposed by a black sword pointing up, all within a one-eight-inch yellow border. Symbolism: The three bendlets represent Ordnance, Quartermaster, & Transportation; the three branches that form the Logistics branch, which is the parent branch of the Sustainment Brigade. The sword represents the Warrior Ethos. Buff (gold) and red are the colors traditionally used for Sustainment and Support. This patch will be worn on the Class-A uniform, and a subdued version will be worn on the Army Combat Uniform. Background: The shoulder sleeve insignia was effective 1 July 2010. Distinctive unit insignia Description: The distinctive unit insignia will be a gold-color metal and enamel device one and one-eight inches in height. The device will have a rectilinear shield blazoned. In the middle of the shield, there is a silver (white) half and a red half behind a black horse rampant. A blue block is above the horse. Around the blue block is a red tripartite scroll, with "FIRST LINE" inscribed on the top section. On the side sections, there are two gold stars on either side. Symbolism: The blue, white and red colors of the shield are in reference to the state flag of North Carolina. The colors also symbolize loyalty, purity of purpose, and valor. Scarlet and gold are the colors used by Sustainment units. The four stars represent Ordnance, Quartermaster, Transportation and the Warrior Ethos. The rearing horse, in its combatant stance, captures the fighting spirit of the Brigade. The radiating lines in the background signify that all roads lead to logistics. Gold is emblematic of excellence and high ideals. Background: The insignia was effective 1 July 2010. Current Organization Headquarters, 113th Sustainment Brigade Headquarters and Headquarters Company (HHC), 113th Sustainment Brigade Headquarters, 113th Special Troops Battalion 196th Signal Company 130th Financial Management Support Unit 112th Finance Detachment 113th Finance Detachment 1452d Transportation Company (-) Detachment 1, 1452d Transportation Company 694th Maintenance Company (-) Detachment 1, 694th Maintenance Company 540th Judge Advocate General Detachment 325th Judge Advocate General Detachment Headquarters, 630th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion Headquarters and Headquarters Company (HHC), 630th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion 1450th Transportation Company 1451st Transportation Company (-) Detachment 1, 1451st Transportation Company Detachment 2, 1451st Transportation Company 1454th Transportation Company 626th Maintenance Company (-) Detachment 1, 626th Maintenance Company Current Command Structure 113th Sustainment Brigade Commander COL Zaire D. McRae 113th Sustainment Brigade Command Sergeant Major CSM William M. Bullins 113th Special Troops Battalion Commander LTC Charles B. Larew 113th Special Troops Battalion Command Sergeant Major CSM Richard S. Huff 630th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion Commander LTC Kelby T. Glass 630th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion Command Sergeant Major CSM Todd Lingerfelt References Bibliography 113th Sustainment Brigade – The US Army Institute of Heraldry 113 Military units and formations established in 1974
Sequential quadratic programming (SQP) is an iterative method for constrained nonlinear optimization which may be considered a quasi-Newton method. SQP methods are used on mathematical problems for which the objective function and the constraints are twice continuously differentiable. SQP methods solve a sequence of optimization subproblems, each of which optimizes a quadratic model of the objective subject to a linearization of the constraints. If the problem is unconstrained, then the method reduces to Newton's method for finding a point where the gradient of the objective vanishes. If the problem has only equality constraints, then the method is equivalent to applying Newton's method to the first-order optimality conditions, or Karush–Kuhn–Tucker conditions, of the problem. Algorithm basics Consider a nonlinear programming problem of the form: The Lagrangian for this problem is where and are Lagrange multipliers. The standard Newton's Method searches for the solution by iterating the following equation, where denotes the Hessian matrix: . However, because the matrix is generally singular (and therefore non-invertible), the Newton step cannot be calculated directly. Instead the basic sequential quadratic programming algorithm defines an appropriate search direction at an iterate , as a solution to the quadratic programming subproblem Note that the term in the expression above may be left out for the minimization problem, since it is constant under the operator. Together, the SQP algorithm starts by first choosing the initial iterate , then calculating and . Then the QP subproblem is built and solved to find the Newton step direction which is used to update the parent problem iterate using . This process is repeated for until the parent problem satisfies a convergence test. Alternative approaches Sequential linear programming Sequential linear-quadratic programming Augmented Lagrangian method Implementations SQP methods have been implemented in well known numerical environments such as MATLAB and GNU Octave. There also exist numerous software libraries, including open source: SciPy (de facto standard for scientific Python) has scipy.optimize.minimize(method='SLSQP') solver. NLopt (C/C++ implementation, with numerous interfaces including Julia, Python, R, MATLAB/Octave), implemented by Dieter Kraft as part of a package for optimal control, and modified by S. G. Johnson. ALGLIB SQP solver (C++, C#, Java, Python API) and commercial LabVIEW KNITRO (C, C++, C#, Java, Python, Julia, Fortran) NPSOL (Fortran) SNOPT (Fortran) NLPQL (Fortran) MATLAB SuanShu (Java) See also Newton's method Secant method Model Predictive Control Notes References External links Sequential Quadratic Programming at NEOS guide Optimization algorithms and methods
erwin Data Modeler (stylized as erwin but formerly as ERwin) is computer software for data modeling. Originally developed by Logic Works, erwin has since been acquired by a series of companies, before being spun-off by the private equity firm Parallax Capital Partners, which acquired and incorporated it as a separate entity, erwin, Inc., managed by CEO Adam Famularo. The software’s engine is based on the IDEF1X method, although it now also supports diagrams displayed with a variant information technology engineering notation, as well as a dimensional modeling notation. History ERwin was created by Logic Works, which was based in Princeton, New Jersey. In May 1993, Logic Works released ERwin/ERX, a version of the tool designed to work in conjunction with PowerBuilder. The database models created using ERwin could be translated into software built through the PowerBuilder integrated development environment (IDE). In May 1995, Logic Works ERwin was expanded to include several other IDEs, adding SQLWindows from Gupta Technologies and Visual Basic from Microsoft. As of 1996, ERwin was among several data modeling software solutions being used to facilitate a wide move to the client–server model in database management. In 1998, Logic Works was acquired by Platinum Technology which was later acquired, in May 1999, by Computer Associates (CA). ERwin was initially made part of CA’s Jasmine suite but it was later added to their new AllFusion suite under the name AllFusion ERwin Data Modeler. The tool was later renamed to CA ERwin Data Modeler. In 2014 Embarcadero Technologies sought to acquire the product from CA, Inc. This acquisition was blocked by the Department of Justice over anti-competitive concerns. In April 2016, Parallax Capital Partners, a private equity firm, acquired the software from CA Technologies and appointed Adam Famularo as CEO. The company now operates under a new name stylized as erwin, Inc. In September 2016, erwin announced that it had acquired Corso, a British enterprise architecture service provider. In December of the same year, erwin acquired the business process modeling software Casewise, with a plan to integrate the two. In 2017, erwin released its Data Modeler NoSQL, an enterprise-class data modeling solution for MongoDB. In April 2018, NoSQL data modeling support for Couchbase was added. Also that year, erwin launched a data governance solution with impact analysis and integrations to its business process, enterprise architecture and data modeling suites. In January 2018, the company acquired data harvesting technology and data governance consulting services company A&P Consulting. They also developed the erwin EDGE software platform, with EDGE as an acronym for “enterprise data governance experience”, intending to use data governance for data-driven insights to help accomplish organizational objectives. In February 2018 erwin released its first State of Data Governance Report with UBM. In August 2018, erwin acquired metadata management and data governance company AnalytiX DS. On December 31, 2020 erwin, Inc. was acquired by Quest Software. The business unit is headed by Prashant Parikh. Overview At its core, erwin has a computer-aided software engineering tool (or CASE tool). Users can utilize erwin Data Modeler as a way to take conceptual data model and create a logical data model that is not dependent on a specific database technology. This schematic model can be used to create the physical data model. Users can then forward engineer the data definition language required to instantiate the schema for a range of database-management systems. The software includes features to graphically modify the model, including dialog boxes for specifying the number of entity–relationships, database constraints, indexes, and data uniqueness. erwin supports three data modeling languages: IDEF1X, a variant of information technology engineering developed by James Martin, and a form of dimensional modeling notation. The software also allows users to generate data models by reverse-engineering pre-existing databases that are based on several different formats. Another included feature is erwin’s ability to create reusable design standards: “including naming standards, data type standards, model templates and more.” The software includes several features for modifying how the data model is displayed, including options for several colors, fonts, diagrams, subject areas and layouts. erwin’s Complete Compare feature allows the user to compare two versions of a model, displays differences, and allows for merging and updates in either direction. As of March 2016, the software bundle also includes its own Report Designer. The erwin DM 2018 update included Netezza, MySQL 8.x, PostgreSQL 10.4, and Hive; model counts reports; and PII support. The 2019 update included DB2 z/OS v12, SQL Server 2017, Teradata v16.20, and PostgreSQL 11.2, in addition to reporting enhancements like user-defined properties and filters. Notable users Beginning in 1992, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) was one of the larger organizations to utilize ERwin to integrate its many independent databases located at its 120 field offices. UNDP used ERwin to develop a “corporate data model”, with the goal of “reducing redundant data entry” and create a single database framework based on which “all future systems can be designed”. ERwin was used to both reverse-engineer existing data at field offices and also move data from Computer Associates’ IDMS to Sybase’s UnixRDBMS. As of 2001, the insurance company Aetna used Erwin Data Modeler to automate maintenance of its database table definitions. Aetna’s database consisted of 15,000 table definitions which became difficult to maintain manually. As of 2002, ERwin was among the products used by the New York Power Authority. The software was also in use by Utah State Office of Education as of 2006. References Further reading External links Data modeling tools Oracle database tools Microsoft database software Sybase CA Technologies
E-accounting (or online accounting) is the application of online and Internet technologies to the business accounting function. Similar to e-mail being an electronic version of traditional mail, e-accounting is "electronic enablement" of lawful accounting and traceable accounting processes which were traditionally manual and paper-based. E-accounting involves performing regular accounting functions, accounting research, and the accounting training and education through various internet-based or computer-based accounting tools, such as digital tool kits, various internet resources, international web-based materials, institute and company databases which are internet based, web links, internet based accounting software and electronic financial spreadsheet tools to provide efficient decision making. Online accounting through a web application is typically based on a simple monthly charge and zero-administration approach to help businesses concentrate on core activities and avoid the hidden costs associated with traditional accounting software such as installation, upgrades, exchanging data files, backup, and disaster recovery. E-accounting does not have a standard definition, but merely refers to the changes in accounting due to computing and networking technologies. Most e-accounting services are offered as SaaS (Software-as-a-service). Uses E-Invoicing Accounts payable Accounts receivable Payroll References External links Accounting software Computer-related introductions in 1998
Enathu is a village in Adoor Thaluk of Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala, India. Location It is located 8 km away from the central Adoor Municipality. In the center lies Adoor to the east lies Kottarakkara. Etymology It has Kollam district as one of its borders. Enathu is famous with the old British-made bridge (demolished) across the Kallada River, which links up the two districts (Pathanamthitta district and Kollam district) with MC (Main Central). Enathu is one of the few towns which is linked all over Kerala and some parts of Tamil Nadu. Enathu Mahadevar Temple (Lord Shiva) is situated in the Enathu junction. It is a very old temple.kalamala "Chandanakkudam" is the main festival of the town on 6 December. The place Mannadi which is famous with Velu Thampi Dalawa is the nearest historical place to Enathu. There is a police station, post-office, bank, and a few hospitals in the area. Petrol pumps, software companies, and many other modern facilities are also available here. History The famous Britishers Madeline and other engineers visited Enathu, building bridges and other facilities for the people living there. Enathu was never directly under British Rule. Demographics According to the 2014 Kerala Census, Enathu had a population of 20,540 people. See also Enathu Bailey bridge References External links Adoor Municipality Villages in Pathanamthitta district
Server Routing Protocol (SRP) is the proprietary network protocol used to transfer data between a BlackBerry Enterprise Server and the Research In Motion BlackBerry infrastructure. SRP communication takes place on TCP port 3101 by default. SRP work in two different part: 1. SRP ID 2. SRP Authorization Key During BlackBerry Enterprise Server installation, the unique Server Routing Protocol Identifier (SRP ID) and SRP Authentication Key must be entered. The SRP ID and SRP Authentication Key register and authenticate the BlackBerry Enterprise Server on the network. The work flow is same like any authentication process. The SRP ID can be thought of as a login name and the Authentication Key as a password. The SRP ID uniquely identifies the BlackBerry Enterprise Server on the network. When the BlackBerry Enterprise Server connects to the BlackBerry Infrastructure, it must provide these two pieces of information to connect and open a session. If the BlackBerry Enterprise Server is connected to the BlackBerry Infrastructure and another server attempts to connect using the same SRP ID and Authentication Key, the BlackBerry Infrastructure drops the connection to the BlackBerry Enterprise Server. It then creates a session with the newly connecting server. Multiple concurrent connections cannot be made with the same SRP ID. When a BlackBerry device attempts to send a message, it must include the SRP ID for the BlackBerry Enterprise Server. Note: In the Service Book menu on the BlackBerry device, open the Desktop (CMIME) service book. The specified unique identifier (UID) value is the SRP ID of the BlackBerry Enterprise Server from which the BlackBerry device attempts to send messages. When the BlackBerry device sends a message, it arrives at the BlackBerry Infrastructure. The message contains the SRP ID pulled from the service book UID value. The BlackBerry Infrastructure uses this information to send the message to the corresponding BlackBerry Enterprise Server for decryption and processing. Ref# See also BlackBerry Enterprise Server References External links Blackberry Server trial mentioning the technology Application layer protocols
Formation Autonomy Spacecraft with Thrust, Relnav, Attitude and Crosslink (or FASTRAC) is a pair of nanosatellites (respectively named Sara-Lily and Emma) developed and built by students at The University of Texas at Austin. The project is part of a program sponsored by the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), whose goal is to lead the development of affordable space technology. The FASTRAC mission will specifically investigate technologies that facilitate the operation of multiple satellites in formation. These enabling technologies include relative navigation, cross-link communications, attitude determination, and thrust. Due to the high cost of lifting mass into orbit, there is a strong initiative to miniaturize the overall weight of spacecraft. The utilization of formations of satellites, in place of large single satellites, reduces the risk of single point failure and allows for the use of low-cost hardware. In January 2005, the University of Texas won the University Nanosat-3 Program, a grant-based competition that included 12 other participating universities. As a winner, FASTRAC was given the opportunity to launch its satellites into space. The student-led team received $100,000 from AFRL for the competition portion of the project, and another $100,000 for the implementation phase. FASTRAC is the first student-developed satellite mission incorporating on-orbit real-time relative navigation, on-orbit real-time attitude determination using a single GPS antenna, and a micro-discharge plasma thruster. FASTRAC launched on 19 November 2010 aboard a Minotaur IV rocket from the Kodiak Launch Complex in Kodiak, Alaska. Separation of the satellites from each other and cross-link communication were successfully carried out. FASTRAC was developed under the US Air Force Research Laboratory University Nanosatellite Program, and was ranked number 32 in the Space Experiments Review Board's list of prioritised spacecraft experiments in 2006. The spacecraft were expected to demonstrate Global Positioning System relative navigation and micro-charge thruster performance. Operations The main mission sequence is composed of six distinct phases: Launch, Launch Vehicle Separation, Initial Acquisition, GPS Onboard Relative Navigation, Onboard Single Antenna GPS Attitude Determination and Micro-discharge Plasma Thruster Operation, and Amateur Radio Operations. In the first phase, the two nanosatellites will be launched on the Department of Defense Space Test Program STP-S26 Mission from Kodiak Launch Complex (KLC) in Kodiak, Alaska. They will be transported to a 72 degree inclination circular low Earth orbit with an altitude of 650 km by a Minotaur IV rocket. Initially, the two nanosatellites will be in a stacked configuration. Once the rocket reaches the desired orbit, the satellites will be powered on by the launch vehicle before finally separating from the launch vehicle. The third phase will begin once the two nanosatellites are ejected from the rocket. During this phase, there will be a 30-minute period where the satellites will go through a check out and initialization process. After this period, the satellites will begin transmitting beacon messages containing telemetry information that will help determine each satellite's status. During this phase the ground station will attempt to establish first contact with the satellites and perform a check out procedure to make sure all the subsystems on board are working correctly. It is expected that this checkout procedure will take several hours or even a few days depending on the duration of the communication passes with the ground station. Once the operators are satisfied with the status of the satellites, the satellites will be commanded from the ground to separate, finalizing the third phase of the mission. When the satellites have successfully separated, the primary mission will begin, signaling the start of fourth phase. First, the satellites will autonomously establish a cross-link, or in other words, they will communicate with each other through UHF/VHF bands. The satellites will then exchange GPS data through this cross-link in order to calculate on-orbit real time relative navigation solutions. The fifth phase will activate a micro-discharge plasma thruster with a command from the ground that will autonomously operate when the thrusting vector is within a 15 degree cone of the anti-velocity vector. The thruster operation will be dependent on the on-orbit real-time single antenna GPS attitude determination solution. After this phase is over, a command from the ground station will disable the thruster on FASTRAC 1. The final phase of the mission will start once the communication architecture of the satellites is reconfigured from the ground to work with the Automatic Packet Reporting System (APRS) network. This will make the satellites available to amateur radio users all around the world. Once the ground station loses all communication with the satellites, the mission will be terminated and the satellites will passively de-orbit, burning up in the atmosphere. The FASTRAC team has estimated that it will take six months to successfully achieve its mission objectives. Subsystems Structure The structure of the FASTRAC satellites is a hexagonal iso-grid design that is composed of two titanium adapter plates, aluminum 6061 T-6 side panels, six hollow outer columns with inserts and six inner columns. The mass of the two nanosatellites is approximately 127 lbs with all of the components included. Communication Architecture The communications architecture is based on a system flown on PCSat2. The FASTRAC implementation consists of two receivers, one transmitter, a terminal node controller (TNC), a transmitter relay board, and a receiver relay board. On FASTRAC 1 “Sara Lily”, two R-100 VHF receivers and one TA-451 UHF transmitter from Hamtronics are used. On FASTRAC 2 “Emma”, two R-451 UHF receivers and one TA-51 VHF transmitter from Hamtronics are used. The TNC used is a KPC-9612+ from Kantronics. Both the transmitter and receiver relay boards were designed and manufactured in house. Command & Data Handling The command & data handling (C&DH) system is composed by four distributed AVRs which were developed by Santa Clara University. Each AVR has an Atmega 128 microcontroller and controls an individual subsystem on the satellite (i.e.: COM, EPS, GPS, and THR or IMU). The AVRs communicate with each other through the I2C bus. GPS Subsystem The GPS position and attitude determination system was designed and built by student researchers at The University of Texas' GPS Research Lab. The system utilizes GPS code measurements, as well as antenna signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and 3-axis magnetometer measurements to provide estimates of position, velocity, and attitude. Each satellite will have redundant ORION GPS receivers, dual cross-strapped antennas with RF switching and splitting hardware. Power System The power system for each satellite is composed of eight solar panels, a VREG box, and a battery box. The battery box is made from black anodized aluminum and holds 10 Sanyo N4000-DRL D-cells provided to the team by AFRL. Both the solar panels and the VREG board were designed and made in-house. On each satellite, the VREG board distributes power from three VICOR VI-J00 voltage regulators, and also charges the batteries with the power collected from the solar panels. Separation System There are two separation systems for the FASTRAC satellites, both designed and manufactured by Planetary Systems Corporation (PSC), which will be used to separate the satellites in their stacked configuration from the Launch Vehicle and then to separate the two satellites while they are in orbit. The PSC Lightband Separation System is composed of two spring-loaded rings and a motorized release mechanism. Micro-Discharge Plasma Thruster The micro-discharge plasma thruster was designed and built at UT-Austin. The thruster channels and superheats an inert gas through a micro-channel nozzle producing a micro-Newton level of thrust. It uses a custom made composite tank from CTD. The operation of the thruster will be automated by the spacecraft C&DH using the attitude measurements provided by the GPS attitude determination system. After enabling the operation of the thruster from the ground, it will be only be active when one of the two nozzles is within a 15 degree cone of the anti-velocity vector. The thruster subsystem is only present on FASTRAC 1 "Sara Lily". Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) On FASTRAC 2 “Emma”, instead of using a thruster, an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) MASIMU01 from Micro Aerospace Solutions is used to measure the separation of the two satellites. Amateur Radio Participation The FASTRAC satellites transmit and receive data (GPS, Health, etc.) on amateur radio frequencies. All amateur radio operators are encouraged to downlink data from either satellite and upload the data to the radio operator section on the FASTRAC Website . Operation Frequencies References Student satellites
The Open Physics Abstraction Layer (OPAL) is an open source realtime physics engine API similar to PAL. It is currently supported only by ODE, but can be extended to run off of other engines. OPAL is free software, released under both the LGPL and the BSD license. It was originally designed and written by Tyler Streeter, Andres Reinot, and Alan Fischer while working at Iowa State University's Virtual Reality Applications Center (VRAC). OPAL is a high-level interface for low-level physics engines used in games, robotics simulations, and other 3D applications. Features a simple C++ API, intuitive objects (e.g. Solids, Joints, Motors, Sensors), and XML-based file storage for complex objects. The latest version of OPAL is 0.4.0. On June 23, 2010, OPAL development officially ended. External links The official OPAL site References 2004 software Computer physics engines
Keepsake is a third person point-and-click adventure game developed by Canadian company Wicked Studios for Linux, Mac OS X and Windows platforms. The player plays as the main character Lydia. The quest starts that Lydia investigates what happened to Dragonvale Academy as she was on her way to meet a friend there, as she arrived she noticed that the academy was deserted. Although the game was met with mixed reviews, the developers endeavour to improve the game by releasing patches. Plot Lydia, the main character, has just arrived at Dragonvale Academy, a school of magic. Her best friend, Celeste, agreed to meet her outside the school at a nearby fountain, but when Lydia arrives, the school is deserted and Celeste is nowhere to be found. With the help of a wolf (who claims to be both a dragon and a familiar to a powerful mage) named Zak, Lydia sets out to find out what happened at Dragonvale Academy that caused the disappearance of hundreds of people and to reunite with her best friend. Gameplay Keepsake is a third person point-and-click adventure game in which the user clicks areas on the screen to navigate and explore the world. The world is set up through fixed camera angles showing the portion of the area that the main character, Lydia, stands in. The user can click different locations and items to move, activate puzzles or cutscenes, and enter other areas. The game is played through exploring the world and solving puzzles to advance. The total gameplay length is estimated at 15 hours. Development The engine behind Keepsake is called Glyph. It is mostly built on open source projects. The developers stated that the main reason for that was the cross-platform issue. The game 3D engine is Crystal Space; it works on Linux, Mac OS X and Windows. The sound engine uses DirectSound3D, but it can also support OpenAL for cross-platform. A patch was released for the European version which added a map of the Academy to be displayed from the game control console. The map was purely for display; the player could not use it for quick navigation to a room as in Simon the Sorcerer. Reception The game received mixed reviews. The game received a score of 5.2 out of 10 from GameSpot, who commented on the game's lackluster plot but interesting puzzles. IGN gave the game a 7.2 rating out of 10, noting the second half of the game "included impossibly difficult puzzles that didn't make sense most of the time". Currently the game has accumulated a 68% rating on Metacritic and 70% on GameRankings. References External links Keepsake Official website (defunct) 2404.org Review Point-and-click adventure games 2006 video games Linux games MacOS games School-themed video games Windows games Video games developed in Canada Video games featuring female protagonists The Adventure Company games Lighthouse Interactive games Single-player video games
The Xbox 360 technical specifications and other things describe the various components of the Xbox 360 video game console. The console features a port on the top when vertical (left side when horizontal) to which a custom-housed hard disk drive unit can be attached in sizes of either 20, 60, 120, 250, 320, 500 GB; and as of April 2015 all 2.5" SATA Hard Drives up to 2 TB, the user can use the format option from system settings to utilize the new HDD. Inside, the Xbox 360 uses the triple-core IBM designed Xenon as its CPU, with each core capable of simultaneously processing two threads, and can therefore operate on up to six threads at once. Graphics processing is handled by the ATI Xenos, which has 10 MB of eDRAM. Its main memory pool is 512 MB in size. Central processing unit Xbox 360 took a different approach to hardware compared to its predecessor. The XCPU, named Xenon at Microsoft and "Waternoose" at IBM, is a custom triple-core 64-bit PowerPC-based design by IBM. The CPU emphasized high floating point performance through multiple FPU and SIMD vector processors in each core. The SIMD vector processor (VMX128) was modified for the Xbox to include a dot-product instruction. The dot-product instruction took far less latency than discrete instructions. The VMX128 was also modified by the addition of direct 3D (D3D) compressed data format. This led to an approximate 50 percent savings in required band-width and memory footprint making the CPU having a theoretical peak performance of 115.2 GFLOPS, being capable of 9.6 billion dot products per second. Each core of the CPU was capable of simultaneous multithreading and was clocked at 3.2 GHz. However, to reduce CPU die size, complexity, cost, and power demands, the processor used in-order execution in contrast to the Intel Coppermine 128-based Pentium III used in the original Xbox, which used more complex out-of-order execution. The original chip used a 90 nm process, although a newer 65 nm process SOI revision was implemented on later models, which was in-turn superseded by a 45 nm combined CPU and GPU chip. A 21.6 GB/s front side bus, aggregated 10.8 GB/s upstream and downstream, connected Xenon with the graphics processor/northbridge. Xenon was equipped with an 8th way set associative 1 MB Level 2 cache on-die running at half CPU clock speed. This cache was shared amongst the three CPU cores. Each core had separate L1 caches, each containing a two-way set associative 32-Kbyte L1 instruction cache and a four-way set associative 32-Kbyte L1 data cache. The write-through data cache did not allocate cache lines on writes. The CPU also contained ROM storing Microsoft private encrypted keys, used to decrypt game data. The heat sink implemented to cool the Xenon CPU was composed of aluminum fins with a copper base, and a heat pipe. Newer revisions, which had a smaller core, do not feature the heat pipe or copper base. The heat sink was cooled by two 70 mm fans at the rear of the console on original-style consoles, while a single fan mounted on the side of the consoles was used in Xbox 360 S consoles. There were several types of fan used in Xbox 360s, which were produced by Nidec, Sunon, and Delta Electronics. CPU data streaming During read streaming into the CPU, a custom prefetch instruction, extended data cache block touch (xDCBT) prefetches data directly to the L1 data cache of the intended core, which skips putting the data in the L2 cache to avoid thrashing the L2 cache. Writes streaming from each core skip the L1 cache, due to its no-write allocation (avoids thrashing of high-bandwidth, transient, write-only data streams on the L1 cache), and goes directly to the L2 cache. The system allows for the GPU to directly read data produced by the CPU without going to main memory. In this specific case of data streaming, called Xbox procedural synthesis (XPS), the CPU is effectively a data decompressor, generating geometry on-the-fly for consumption by the GPU 3D core. Graphics processing unit While the first Xbox's graphics processing unit was produced by Nvidia, the Xbox 360 had a chip designed by ATI called Xenos. The chip was developed under the name "C1" and "R500" was often used to refer to it. The GPU package contains two separate silicon dies, each built on a 90 nm process with a clock speed of 500 MHz; the GPU proper, manufactured by TSMC and a 10 MB eDRAM daughter-die, manufactured by NEC. Thanks to the daughter die, the Xenos can do 4× MSAA, z-buffering, and alpha blending with no appreciable performance penalty on the GPU. The GPU also houses additional capabilities typically separated into a motherboard chipset in PC systems, effectively replacing the northbridge chip. It has a theoretical peak of 240 GFLOPS. Due to the GPU frequently overheating in early motherboard models, Microsoft revised the GPU heat sink in order to eliminate thermal throttling. Memory and system bandwidth The console features 512 MB of GDDR3 RAM clocked at 700 MHz with an effective transmission rate of 1.4 GHz on a 128-bit bus. The memory is shared by the CPU and the GPU via the unified memory architecture. This memory is produced by either Samsung or Qimonda. According to Mark Rein of Epic Games, Microsoft had originally planned on using only 256 MB of RAM, but the decision to increase it was based on Epic's upcoming Gears of War title. Epic had been arguing for Microsoft to increase the memory for some time, and Tim Sweeney had sent Microsoft screenshots of what Gears would look like at 256 MB, and then at their proposed 512 MB. Shortly thereafter, Epic was the first studio told of new 512 MB size specification and claimed it cost them a billion dollars but felt it was better for gamers. The Xbox 360 has an extensive amount of bandwidth in comparison to its competition; however, this statistic includes the eDRAM logic to memory bandwidth, and not internal CPU bandwidths. The eDRAM internal logic to its internal memory bandwidth is 256 GB/s. The high bandwidth is used primarily for z-buffering, alpha blending, and antialiasing; it saves time and space on the GPU die. Between the eDRAM die and the GPU, data is transferred at 32 GB/s. The memory interface bus has a bandwidth of 22.40 GB/s and the Southbridge a bandwidth of 0.5 GB/s. Audio and video All games made for the Xbox 360 are required to support at least Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound. The console works with over 256 audio channels and 320 independent decompression channels using 32-bit processing for audio, with support for 48 kHz 16-bit sound. Sound files for games are encoded using Microsoft's XMA audio format. An MPEG-2 decoder is included for DVD video playback. VC-1 or WMV is used for streaming video and other video is compressed using VC-1 at non-HD NTSC and PAL resolutions or WMV HD. The Xbox 360 also supports H.263 and H.264 MPEG-4 videos. Unlike the original Xbox, voice communication is handled by the console, not by the game code, allowing for cross-game communication. There is no voice echo to game players on the same console; voice only goes to remote consoles. Initially there were no digital video outputs such as DVI or HDMI on the Xbox 360; instead, HD-quality output could only be produced over component video (used by both the 3 RCA component cable and the Japanese D-terminal cable) and later VGA (via a software update). An HDMI port was introduced to the Xbox 360 by July 2007 with the introduction of the Elite model. A wide array of SDTV and HDTV resolutions are supported by the console hardware; up to 1080p after the October 2006 software upgrade. While most games are rendered natively at 720p, the video from all games can be scaled by the hardware to whatever resolution the user has set in the console's settings; from 480i NTSC and 576i PAL all the way to 1080p HDTV. DVD storage Xbox 360 is equipped with a 12× DVD drive, with a data transfer rate of 16.5 MB/s. The original production DVD drives were manufactured by LG, Samsung, and Sony. Beginning in November 2006, a new model the BenQ VAD6038 was introduced, which is said to run faster than the previous models and, in addition, is much quieter. There is a new drive by LiteOn. Games are stored on standard 8.5 GB dual-layer DVD-ROMs; however initially only 7.3 GB (6.8 GiB) were allocated to be used for games on the "Xbox Game Disc 2" (XGD2) early format. With the XGD3 later format introduced in 2011, the usable space was brought up to 8.3 GB (7.8 GiB). This marked an increase in available space for games from 85% to nearly 98%. In both formats, the unallocated space for games is used for anti-piracy security software. The option to apply a regional lockout to games is available to publishers, although DVD region codes are always enforced for movies. Microsoft has implemented methods to prevent hacking through the drive. Later drive models have the external debug triggering removed and black hard glue added to cover all the chip and controller pins. The drive is able to read both DVD±R and DVD±RW in addition to being able to play DVD-Video out of the box, unlike its predecessor, which required the purchase of an add-on remote. The system is also capable of playing standard CDs along with CD-R/RW, CD-DA, CD-ROM XA, CD-Extra, WMA-CD, MP3-CD, and JPEG Photo CD. Some users reported problems with the disc drive, as when a user changes the console's orientation, the inserted disc may brush against the drive's pickup assembly and incur scratches to it. The users manual advises against changing the console's position while there is a disc in the drive. Other users report experiencing disc scratching during normal horizontal usage. Announced at CES 2006 and first publicly shown at E3 2006, an external HD DVD drive was released in North America on November 7, 2006 (for US$199.99) and in Japan on November 17, 2006 (for ¥19,800). In the UK, France and Germany, the HD DVD drive was released for €199.99/£129.99. The HD DVD drive was bundled for a limited time with an Xbox 360 Universal Media Remote, as well as an HD DVD copy of Peter Jackson's King Kong. The drive plays HD DVD movies, although all Xbox 360 games will remain on the DVD format. Microsoft had no plans to include an internal HD DVD player in future Xbox 360 designs. The drive connects to the Xbox 360 via USB and contains two integrated USB ports on the rear. Games can not be played on the HD DVD drive. Microsoft has since discontinued the HD DVD add-on since the format was officially dropped by Toshiba. List of DVD drives Hard drive storage The Xbox 360 uses standard 2.5" SATA hard disk drives (HDDs) held within custom enclosures. These units have a custom connector to facilitate connection to the Xbox 360 and the drives themselves feature custom firmware (making stand-alone drives incompatible). The drives are detachable, making it possible to move data from one console to another, and to upgrade the size of drive on a console. The hard drives themselves are manufactured by various companies, including Fujitsu, Seagate, Samsung, Hitachi and Western Digital. Certain Western Digital hard disk drives can be modified with a program called HDDHackr to be used with the Xbox 360. Approximately 7 GB are reserved for system use (4 GB of that portion are reserved for game title caching and other hard drive specific elements in games that support the hard drive, and an additional 2 GB are reserved for use by the Xbox 360 backwards-compatibility software). The original Pro configuration of the system came with a 20 GB hard drive, which was also available to purchase separately (for the Core model, and later the Arcade model, which did not include a HDD). This was upgraded to 60 GB in September 2008, and the 60 GB HDD was also made available at retail. In April 2007, Microsoft released the Elite console, which included a black 120 GB HDD; a grey 120 GB drive was also later made available at retail. In November 2009, Microsoft released the "Super Elite" console, as a bundle with the highly anticipated game Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2. This console was like the typical black Elite, but with Call of Duty graphics added and for the first time included a 250 GB hard drive (which holds up to 228 GB of data after system information is stored). This was followed by various other 250 GB special/limited edition bundles. No standard (non-special edition) configuration of the original console ever included a 250 GB drive, but they were later made available at retail. In June 2010, Microsoft announced a new version of the console, the Xbox 360 S, which used a new form factor for its 250 GB hard drives. As such, original style hard drives cannot be used in Xbox 360 S consoles, and vice versa, without modification. In June 2011, Microsoft announced a specially branded Gears of War 3 Limited Collector's Edition Xbox 360 S console to coincide with the launch of Gears of War 3. At 320 GB, the included hard drive is the largest available for/with the original Xbox 360 model. In August 2014, Microsoft announced and released a new 500 GB hard drive for the Xbox 360 S console model, currently the largest hard drive available for or with any Xbox 360 model. Networking All versions of the Xbox 360 come with a built-in 10 to 100Mbit/s wired Ethernet network adapter. The "Xbox 360 Wireless Adapter" (identifiable as white with one antenna) connects via a USB port and adds support for 802.11a and 802.11b/g Wi-Fi. This was replaced by the "Wireless N Adapter" (black with two antennas), which added support for 802.11n on both the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz bands. The original Xbox 360 model features a pair of notches on the rear of the console, above the USB socket, to which the adapter can be attached. Alternatively, a pair of fold-out feet on the adapter can be used to stand it up separately. The Xbox 360 S and Xbox 360 E consoles feature built-in support for 802.11b/g/n but on the 2.4 GHz band only. The Wireless and Wireless N Adapters can be used on these models to add support for the 5 GHz band (albeit the former losing support for 802.11n over 2.4 GHz) and will, in some cases, offer "... better range and bandwidth compared with the internal wireless feature ..." If this adapter is connected, the internal wireless adapter is disabled. The S and E models lack the notches for the adapter. Motherboards Microsoft avoids outright announcements of new motherboard production runs and their subsequent appearance in the market in part due to uneven distribution causing buyer's remorse and to prevent purchaser delay. However, several major (and many minor) motherboard revisions are introduced to reduce costs and to allow them to run cooler while consuming less power. Note that there is no clear divide between the appearance of motherboard revisions in retail. Due to individual stock production, distribution and rotation, it may become difficult to find specific versions. The power connectors on the back of these systems incorporate a "keying" system that will prevent plugging a (newer) lower-rated power supply into an older system (which needs more power). The keying system does, however, allow older power supplies to be connected to newer systems, as this poses no problem. The initial motherboard version was known as "Xenon" and used a 203 watt power supply, and lacked an HDMI video port. Later models had an improved GPU heatsink. The "Zephyr" revision was a redesigned motherboard adding the HANA and HDMI, but used the same 90 nm CPU as the Xenon. It did however, move to an 80 nm GPU and eDRAM, with an improved GPU heatsink. The "Falcon" incorporated a newer 65 nm CPU, and required less power so it came packaged with a 175 watt power supply. "Jasper" (released late November 2008) used both a 65 nm CPU and GPU, as well as 16, 256 or 512 MB of on-board flash memory. (This was to help run a then-recent Dashboard update. Without the addition of this internal memory, a hard disk drive or memory card is required.) The "Jasper" revision required even less power, and so the power supply was also reduced to 150 watts. The "Kronos" revision is a minor upgrade of the "Jasper", moving to a new "Kronos1" GPU with a 65 nm eDRAM, and adding a new Ring of Light/RF board called "XFreedom". Due to all dies now being at 65 nm, the GPU heatsink returned to the original one used on the "Xenon". Xbox 360 S introduced a new motherboard version called "Trinity" with a 45 nm integrated CPU, GPU, and eDRAM. It consisted of 2 dies, one for the XCGPU, and one for the eDRAM. In 2011 a second model of the Xbox 360 S motherboard has been released known as "Corona" which integrates the HANA chip into the southbridge chip, and used either the traditional 16MB NAND, or a 4GB "Phison" eMMC. "Corona" was used in both the Xbox 360 S and Xbox 360 E. In August 2014, the "Winchester" model was released, with a new XCGPU. This chip removes the heatspreader and integrated the eDRAM into the main die on the XCGPU. This version also patches the "Reset Glitch Hack". List of revisions Connectivity to accessories The Xbox 360 features three USB 2.0 ports (two on the front, one on the back). The Xbox 360 S, however, has five USB 2.0 ports (two on the front, three in the back) along with a dedicated Kinect port. The Xbox 360 E has four ports (two on the front, two on the back) and a dedicated Kinect port. These are used for connection of accessories such as wired controllers, the wireless networking adapter, the Xbox Live Vision camera and USB storage devices. Although the number of wired controllers is limited by the number of ports, up to four may be used through the use of a USB hub. The Xbox 360 also features wireless connectivity of accessories via a proprietary 2.4 GHz radio system. This is mainly used to connect the official wireless controllers, but is also used for other devices such as the wireless racing wheel and wireless headsets. With the exception of some rhythm game controllers, and the Fanatec CSR wheel, this wireless connectivity is limited to first-party Microsoft accessories. The console can connect to Xbox Live over the Internet through a variety of networking interfaces. Original style consoles also have two front-mounted memory card slots for the system's proprietary Memory Unit. These can be used to transfer profile and game data from one Xbox 360 to another. Memory Units up to 512 MB are available from Microsoft. The "Arcade" model formerly came with a 256 MB Memory Unit, but with the Jasper motherboard revision of September 2008, the "Arcade" model began to include 256 MB of built-in flash memory. This was later increased to 512 MB. The memory card slots were replaced with USB ports on the newer Xbox 360 S models. The Universal Media Remote can be used to control several functions of the console, including the Windows Media Center functions if connected to the network. It communicates with the console via infrared through a receiver port on the front of the console. All standard controllers for the system feature a 2.5 mm headset jack to allow the use of wired headsets for voice chatting. The 2.5mm jack can also accept the chatpad accessory. Various other accessories for the console exist, such as decorative faceplates to change the physical appearance of the console. Physical appearance The physical outline of the original style Xbox 360 is and is similar in form factor to its predecessor. It is slightly slimmer in every dimension and is slightly concave, while the original Xbox was noticeably convex. It comes as standard in either black or white, with other colors available as special editions. It was designed by Astro Studios in cooperation with Hers Experimental Design Laboratory. The original case has a concaveness to it; Astro Studios' president Brett Lovelady said that part of this was to keep an "X" shape to the console when looked at from the front, while it also served to help with cooling the system components, as the narrower section helped the console to "inhale" more air, particularly when placed in the vertical orientation. In June 2010 a redesign of the console, known as the Xbox 360 S, was announced. This version of the console retains the same basic shape but is noticeably smaller and more angular than the original version. It comes as standard in either matte or glossy black; like its predecessor, other colors are available as special editions. The front of the console features a "ring of light" that displays four illuminated quadrants in either red or green (Some special editions replaced the green for blue). When the lights turn red, the console has encountered an error, with the number of sectors illuminated informing the user what category the error falls into. Since the redesign of the console removed the red LEDs, this error reporting system is no longer used. The original Xbox 360 weighs approximately , about 350 grams heavier than the new Xbox. The new version weighs in at . Power supply The console uses an external power supply with a 10 A/100–120 V or 5 A/220-230 V (AC) input and DC output rated at 203/175/150/130/115 W (depending on revision). An estimated 2 W of power are used while the older versions of console are in standby mode giving a yearly usage of approximately 17.5 kWh. The new version uses around 0.5W while in standby. Saving the console size and weight, the power supply displaces . Xbox 360 power supplies are designed with keys in the plug to be forwards, but not backwards compatible. For example, a 203 watt supply would fit and work on a 175 watt console, but not the other way around. See also Xbox 360 technical problems Notes 1.Video output and system control chip. References External links Xbox Development Team Blog Backward-compatible video game consoles Computer-related introductions in 2005 PowerPC-based video game consoles Video game hardware Xbox 360 hardware
The Facial Recognition Technology (FERET) program was a government-sponsored project that aimed to create a large, automatic face-recognition system for intelligence, security, and law enforcement purposes. The program began in 1993 under the combined leadership of Dr. Harry Wechsler at George Mason University (GMU) and Dr. Jonathan Phillips at the Army Research Laboratory (ARL) in Adelphi, Maryland and resulted in the development of the Facial Recognition Technology (FERET) database. The goal of the FERET program was to advance the field of face recognition technology by establishing a common database of facial imagery for researchers to use and setting a performance baseline for face-recognition algorithms. Potential areas where this face-recognition technology could be used include: Automated searching of mug books using surveillance photos Controlling access to restricted facilities or equipment Checking the credentials of personnel for background and security clearances Monitoring airports, border crossings, and secure manufacturing facilities for particular individuals Finding and logging multiple appearances of individuals over time in surveillance videos Verifying identities at ATM machines Searching photo ID records for fraud detection The FERET database has been used by more than 460 research groups and is currently managed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). By 2017, the FERET database has been used to train artificial intelligence programs and computer vision algorithms to identify and sort faces. History The FERET program first began as a way to unify a large body of face-recognition technology research under a standard database. Before the program's inception, most researchers created their own facial imagery database that was attuned to their own specific area of study. These personal databases were small and usually consisted of images from less than 50 individuals. The only notable exceptions were the following: Alex Pentland’s database of around 7500 facial images at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Joseph Wilder's database of around 250 individuals at Rutgers University Christoph von der Malsburg’s database of around 100 facial images at the University of Southern California (USC) The lack of a common database made it difficult to compare the results of face recognition studies in the scientific literature because each report involved different assumptions, scoring methods, and images. Most of the papers that were published did not use images from a common database nor follow a standard testing protocol. As a result, researchers were unable to make informed comparisons between the performances of different face-recognition algorithms. In September 1993, the FERET program was spearheaded by Dr. Harry Wechsler and Dr. Jonathan Phillips under the sponsorship of the U.S. Department of Defense Counterdrug Technology Development Program. Phase I The first facial images for the FERET database were collected from August 1993 to December 1994, a time period known as Phase I. The pictures were initially taken with a 35-mm camera at both GMU and ARL facilities, and the same physical setup was used in each photography session to keep the images consistent. For each individual, the pictures were taken in sets, including two frontal views, a right and left profile, a right and left quarter profile, a right and left half profile, and sometimes at five extra locations. Therefore, a set of images consisted of 5 to 11 images per person. At the end of Phase I, the FERET database had collected 673 sets of images, resulting in over 5000 total images. At the end of Phase I, five organizations were given the opportunity to test their face-recognition algorithm on the newly created FERET database in order to compare how they performed against each other. There five principal investigators were: MIT, led by Alex Pentland Rutgers University, led by Joseph Wilder The Analytic Science Company (TASC), led by Gale Gordon The University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaigne, led by Lewis Sadler and Thomas Huang USC, led by Christoph von der Malsburg During this evaluation, three different automatic tests were given to the principal investigators without human intervention: The large gallery test, which served to baseline how algorithms performed against a database when it has not been properly tuned. The false-alarm test, which tested how well the algorithm monitored an airport for suspected terrorists. The rotation test, which measured how well the algorithm performed when the images of an individual in the gallery had different poses compared to those in the probe set. For most of the test trials, the algorithms developed by USC and MIT managed to outperform the other three algorithms for the Phase I evaluation. Phase II Phase II began after Phase I, and during this time, the FERET database acquired more sets of facial images. By the start of the Phase II evaluation in March 1995, the database contained 1109 sets of images for a total of 8525 images of 884 individuals. During the second evaluation, the same algorithms from the Phase I evaluation were given a single test. However, the database now contained significantly more duplicate images (463, compared to the previous 60), making the test more challenging. Phase III Afterwards, the FERET program entered Phase III where another 456 sets of facial images were added to the database. The Phase III evaluation, which took place in September 1996, aimed to not only gauge the progress of the algorithms since the Phase I assessment but also identify the strengths and weaknesses of each algorithm and determine future objectives for research. By the end of 1996, the FERET database had accumulated a total of 14,126 facial images pertaining to 1199 different individuals as well as 365 duplicate sets of images. As a result of the FERET program, researchers were able to establish a common baseline for comparing different face-recognition algorithms and create a large standard database of facial images that is open for research. In 2003, DARPA released a high-resolution, 24-bit color version of the images in the FERET database (existing reference). References External links FERET NIST Website Color FERET Database FERET NIST Documents Facial recognition software Datasets in computer vision Biometrics Biometric databases Machine learning task Automatic identification and data capture Surveillance
Apache James, a.k.a. Java Apache Mail Enterprise Server or some variation thereof, is an open source SMTP and POP3 mail transfer agent written entirely in Java. James is maintained by contributors to the Apache Software Foundation, with initial contributions by Serge Knystautas. IMAP support has been added as of preview version 3.0-M2, which now requires Java 1.5 or later. The James project manages the Apache Mailet API which defines "matchers" and "mailets". These allow users to write their own mail-handling code, such as to update a database, build a message archive, or filter spam. A matcher is used to classify messages based on some criteria, and then determines whether the message should be passed to an appropriate mailet for processing. Mailets are so-called due to their conceptual similarity to a servlet, and arose because Sun Microsystems declined a proposal to include mail-handling in the servlet implementation. James ships with a variety of pre-written matchers and mailets to serve common tasks. Many sets of mailets and matchers can be combined to produce sophisticated and complex functional behaviour. The Apache James project also produces pure Java libraries for implementing Sender Policy Framework (SPF), the Sieve mail filtering language, and parsing MIME content streams, independent of Sun's JavaMail API. Development James was originally formed under the Jakarta Project as Jakarta-James. In January 2003, James was upgraded to a top-level Apache project in a unanimous decision by the ASF Board of Directors under the chairmanship of Serge Knystautas. James is distributed to within the Phoenix container, which implements the Apache Avalon application framework. Recent developments include a version which runs in the Spring Framework application framework. Version 2.3.0 was released in October 2006. Version 2.3.1 was released in April 2007. Version 2.3.2 was released in August 2009. Version 2.3.2.1 (security fix) was released on September 8, 2015. Version 3.0.0 was released on July 20, 2017. Version 3.0.1 (security fix) was released on October 20, 2017. Version 3.1.0 was released on July 31, 2018. Version 3.2.0 was released on November 14, 2018. Version 3.3.0 was released on March 26, 2019. Version 3.4.0 was released on September 5, 2019. Version 3.5.0 was released on July 16, 2020. Version 3.8.0 was released on May 16, 2023. See also Comparison of mail servers List of mail server software References External links Working with James at IBM developerWorks James Free email server software Free software programmed in Java (programming language) Message transfer agents Email server software for Linux
The acronym XCIS can refer to the following: XCIS client, a graphical X-based Linux client for cluster information services. XICS, as a common misspelling for an X-based client of internet chess servers.
Zen Studios is a Hungarian video game developer and publisher of interactive entertainment software with headquarters in Budapest, Hungary and offices in the United States. It is known for its game franchises, Pinball FX and Zen Pinball, as well as CastleStorm, a tower defense hybrid which received the Apple Store's Editor’s Choice award. The company is considered "synonymous with licensed pinball tables," having produced dozens of tables with characters and themes from the Star Wars and Marvel universes, films like Guardians of the Galaxy, TV series like Archer, South Park, Family Guy and Bob's Burgers, and video game franchises such as Plants vs. Zombies, Portal, Street Fighter, and The Walking Dead. History Zen Studios was founded in Budapest in 2003 by a team of four people. It started as a technology and work for hire studio, doing game engine development, middleware tools, and ports for other games. The company name is based on the team's belief in Zen as a creed to follow in their work and lives, specifically with employees and fans. By the time PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade arrived, the studio had gained knowledge and experience with console platforms and gaming handhelds. The company CEO Zsolt Kigyossy, a pinball fan, decided to try to make the best pinball simulation video game on the market. Its first pinball game was Pinball FX, released for Xbox 360 in 2007. It would sell more than 100,000 copies per year until 2010. Because Pinball FX was published by Microsoft, it could not appear on Sony’s PlayStation 3, leading to the development of Zen Pinball for the PS3 in 2008 (and later for iOS, the Wii U, and Android). Zen Pinball was the top-selling PSN game in May and September 2009. The company made the first of its three departures from pinball when it released The Punisher: No Mercy in 2009. This first-person shooter in the style of the Punisher MAX franchise was released for Playstation 3. The company embarked on what would become its biggest media franchise cooperation yet when they teamed up with Marvel Comics and released Marvel Pinball in December 2010. The cooperation has resulted in twenty-one different pinball tables based on the Marvel Universe, with more anticipated in the future. Another big franchise used for Zen Studios tables is Lucasfilm's and Disney's Star Wars. In 2012, the company debuted Star Wars Pinball, the first pack to feature officially licensed digital Star Wars pinball tables. In 2013, Zen Studios released two non-pinball games. The company tackled the tower defense genre with CastleStorm for XBLA, a hybrid of traditional tower defense with real-time physics-based Angry Birds-esque catapult combat and resource management. CastleStorm would go on to become a successful franchise, earning the Editor’s Choice award in the US Apple App Store, as well as an Editor’s Choice distinction from Google Play. Rhythm-based martial arts game KickBeat debuted on the PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 3. On the pinball side, Zen Studios released Super League Football in 2014, where players competed by siding with their favorite European football clubs and famous players. The game was seen as a modern version of the famous pinball machine World Cup Soccer from 1994. The same year saw the release of a Guardians of the Galaxy table. The company partnered with Valve in mid-2015 to create digital pinball tables based on Valve's games, most notably the Portal table. That year, Zen Studios' licensed tables included a table based on Telltale Game’s The Walking Dead and another one based on the TV show South Park. The new Iron & Steel collection consisted of a table based on CastleStorm and the studio's first wholly original table in three years, Wild West Rampage. In early 2016, Zen Studios teamed up with Oculus Rift to create pinball tables in virtual reality. Pinball FX2 VR, which features three original table designs from the Zen Studios development team, was released on the Oculus Rift’s launch day, March 28, 2016. In 2017, Zen Studios released Pinball FX 3, a joint sequel to Pinball FX 2 and Zen Pinball 2 that bridged a prior divide between Microsoft and non-Microsoft platforms that existed between the first two Pinball FX games and the Zen Pinball sub-series, encouraging cross-platform play. This sequel features most tables from its two predecessors, as well as new original and licensed tables. A year after FX 3 was released, Zen Studios announced that it has recently acquired the rights to develop digital conversions of real-life Bally and Williams pinball tables, a first for the company. Zen then went on to release digital Williams pinball tables as premium add-on content for FX 3 in waves, as well as a stand-alone free-to-play app on mobile devices that contained a compilation of such tables. At the 2020 Consumer Electronics Show, Zen Studios announced it was working with Tastemakers LLC, the parent company of Arcade1Up, to create 3/4th scale digital pinball tables, allowing the table to support various digital pinball games from Bally and Williams and others in the future. In November 2020, Embracer Group announced that they acquired the company through Saber Interactive, which will be the parent company. Game design Zen Studios' pinball style has been called "cinematic". In order to capture the mood of a game or franchise, its tables include spoken lines, animations and deep references from movies, TV or animated shows they are based on, weaving those references into the action in a fun and interesting way. Each table is a separately designed game, with distinct layouts and graphical styles. One of the Star Wars-themed tables, for example, "feels inextricable from the universe, its elements combining into something truly evocative," while the Ant-Man-based table "faithfully recreates the aesthetic of the film and makes good use of the notable elements in the table design." In Telltale Games' The Walking Dead: Season One pinball adaptation, the playfield is shaped and surrounded by scale representations of the most memorable set pieces from each of the five episodes in that game. On the other hand, its tables have been praised for their "realism", which means that they try to create the illusion that "you're at an arcade or in your basement with your eyes peeled to the table in front", and that the ball physics make "predicting angles and opportune flipper timing as natural as possible". As a company that seeks to deliver a family-friendly pinball experience, Zen Studios designs its tables such that they include no material that would be deemed unsuitable for older children (such as sexual content, graphic violence, profanity and substance abuse). To ensure that all of their pinball titles earn a mid-low rating across all major video game content rating systems, such as the ESRB's Everyone 10+ rating, the developers will even go so far as to incorporate censorship into tables based on media franchises that are aimed at adults (such as Bethesda video games and the Archer animated television series), as well as certain digital conversions of real-life Williams pinball tables. Microtransactions The company's first game, Pinball FX, introduced microtransactions in the world of pinball gaming, since additional tables were available for purchase. At the launches of Pinball FX2 and Zen Pinball 2, pinball tables could be exported for free from the previous games into the sequels. Upon release of the Xbox One and PlayStation 4, Pinball FX2 and Zen Pinball 2 respectively were ported over, and allowed owners of the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions (via cross-buy) to import their purchased tables onto the new platform when available at no additional cost. Tables are available for purchase either individually or as part of themed packs. Games References External links 2020 mergers and acquisitions Companies based in Budapest Hungarian companies established in 2003 Indie game developers Saber Interactive Video game companies established in 2003 Video game companies of Hungary Video game development companies
Anytime may refer to: Anytime (Brian McKnight album), and the title song Anytime (Eddy Arnold album), 1956 Anytime, originally Slim Whitman Sings (1962 album) "Anytime" (1921 song), a popular song by Herbert "Happy" Lawson "Anytime" (The Jets song), 1988 "Anytime" (Koda Kumi song), 2008 "Anytime", by McAuley Schenker Group from the album Save Yourself, 1989 "Anytime" (Nu-Birth song), 1997 "Anytime", by The Box Tops from Cry Like a Baby "Anytime", by Cheap Trick from the self-titled album "Anytime", by Eve 6, featured in the 2001 film Out Cold "Anytime", by Journey from Infinity "Anytime", by Kelly Clarkson from Thankful "Anytime", by My Morning Jacket from Z Anytime algorithm, in artificial intelligence
binfmt_misc (Miscellaneous Binary Format) is a capability of the Linux kernel which allows arbitrary executable file formats to be recognized and passed to certain user space applications, such as emulators and virtual machines. It is one of a number of binary format handlers in the kernel that are involved in preparing a user-space program to run. The executable formats are registered through the special purpose file system binfmt_misc file-system interface (usually mounted under part of /proc). This is either done directly by sending special sequences to the register procfs file or using a wrapper like Debian-based distributions binfmt-support package or systemd's systemd-binfmt.service. Registration The register file contains lines which define executable types to be handled. Each line is of the form: :name:type:offset:magic:mask:interpreter:flags name is the name of the binary format. type is either E or M If it is E, the executable file format is identified by its filename extension: magic is the file extension to be associated with the binary format; offset and mask are ignored. If it is M, the format is identified by magic number at an absolute offset (defaults to 0) in the file and mask is a bitmask (defaults to all 0xFF) indicating which bits in the number are significant. interpreter is a program that is to be run with the matching file as an argument. flags (optional) is a string of letters, each controlling a certain aspect of interpreter invocation: P to preserve the original program name typed by user in command line — by adding that name to argv; the interpreter has to be aware of this so it can correctly pass that additional parameter to the interpreted program as its argv[0]. O to open the program file and pass its file descriptor to the interpreter so it could read an otherwise unreadable file (for which the user does not have the "Read" permission). C to determine new process credentials based on program file rather than interpreter file (see setuid); implies O flag. F to make the kernel open the binary at configuration time instead of lazily at startup time, so that it is available inside other mount namespaces and chroots as well. Each format has a corresponding file entry in the /proc/sys/fs/binfmt_misc directory which can be read to get information about a given file format. Deregistration Common usage binfmt_misc allows Java programs to be passed directly to the Java virtual machine. binfmt_misc allows identification of PE executables using the magic number "MZ". Examples: :DOSWin:M::MZ::/usr/bin/wine: will hand all such files to Wine (thus assuming they are ordinary MS-DOS or Microsoft Windows executable) :CLR:M::MZ::/usr/bin/mono: will hand such files to Mono (thus assuming they are .NET executables) Microsoft's WSL1 use binfmt to allow for calling Windows programs from Linux. The line is equivalent to :WSLInterOP:M::MZ::/init:P. binfmt_misc can also be combined with QEMU or Box86 to execute programs for other processor architectures as if they were native binaries. binfmt can be used to turn some compiled languages such as Go into scripting languages, acting as a substitute for the shebang line. See also Shebang (Unix) References External links Project home page Archived on archive.org Linux kernel features Free special-purpose file systems Articles with underscores in the title
Jennifer Belle (born 1968) is an American novelist, based in New York City. She attended Bronx High School of Science and dropped out of college. She has also written columns for Ms. magazine. In 1996, she published her first book, Going Down, telling the story of a woman in her 20s, a topic that would appear also in her subsequent writings. In 2002, she married entertainment lawyer Andrew Krents, after they were introduced by fellow novelist Amy Sohn. Her work has appeared in The New York Times Magazine, The New York Observer, London's The Independent, Cosmopolitan, Harper's Bazaar, Ms., Mudfish. She teaches at the New York Writers' Workshop. Works Going Down, Riverhead Books, 1996, High Maintenance, Riverhead Books, 2001, Animal Stackers, Illustrator David McPhail, Hyperion Books for Children, 2005, Little Stalker, Penguin Group, 2008, The Seven Year Bitch, Penguin Group USA, 2010, References External links "Jennifer Belle", Beatrice Interviews "A NIGHT OUT WITH: Jennifer Belle; On Familiar Turf", The New York Times, LINDA LEE, May 13, 2001 1968 births Living people American women novelists 20th-century American novelists The Bronx High School of Science alumni American columnists American women columnists 21st-century American novelists Novelists from New York City 20th-century American women writers 21st-century American women writers American women non-fiction writers 20th-century American non-fiction writers 21st-century American non-fiction writers
Topo is a series of robots designed in the 1980s by Androbot Inc., for the consumer and education markets. It is wirelessly programmable via an Apple II with a modified version of Apple BASIC called TopoBASIC (and later Forth with TopoFORTH). The program allows the robot to perform a set of geometric movements, to move about a room and perform tasks. It is like a servant robot, although it does not truly meet the requirements of a robot, as it had no sensors to use to receive input and then make decisions accordingly. It also cannot communicate back with the Apple II any information, nor calibrate its own motors to ensure an accurate task is being performed The robots were sold commercially starting in May of 1983, and were intended to be inexpensive, lacking a complicated manipulating device. By 1984 Topo II (also known as Topo w/ Sound) would release, having updated software and the ability to use Text-to-speech. Later in 1984 Topo III would begin production to a limited quantity. This last iteration removed the detachable arms, instead going for swappable trays, alongside consolidating the ABS plastic shell into just two pieces. A final Topo IV was planned during the final days of the company, but only its sensor belt was built before the company shut down. Topo IV's spec sheet was closer to Androbot's Brains On Board line of robots. Units are beige molded plastic with two drive wheels as feet and stand 36½ inches tall. The series could be equipped with additional plastic accessories, such as the AndroWagon and AndroFridge, for carrying objects. Communication is via a radio or infrared transmitter attached to a personal computer. Topo II and III use an infrared transmitter, and can be controlled by a four way pad on the top of their head that also serves as the infrared receiver. See also HERO, a programmable robot series for home computers from 1982-1995 1980s in science and technology References External links Androbot owners group, Yahoo Groups Here Come the Androbots The History of Androbot, Pieced together by Rick Rowland The Atari Androbot Projects Original Androbot Pre-release Schematics of the TOPO I & TOPO II Robots. Androbot and Axlon, May 9th, 2015, Commodore Z's Mindhouse Educational robots 1983 robots Rolling robots Robots of the United States
ESAC can refer to: Employer Services Assurance Corporation Entertainment Software Association of Canada Escola Superior Agrária de Coimbra European Space Astronomy Centre A Bash keyword that ends a case statement
CrossLoop was a remote desktop service from CrossLoop Inc., which allowed users to share their computer screens and collaborate with others over the Internet. On July 6, 2012, AVG Technologies acquired CrossLoop Inc., and on January 31, 2014 it shut down the www.crossloop.com website and all former CrossLoop Inc. services, including its remote control screen sharing software products. AVG Technologies did not give a reason for this shut down, only commenting that it was a business decision. Software Products CrossLoop Pro – subscription-based collection of tools for remote access and customer management CrossLoop Remote Access – subscription-based remote access software CrossLoop Free – A free screen-sharing and collaboration tool. Marketplace Service The CrossLoop Marketplace was a place where people could get remote IT support 24 hours a day from a global network of experts through secure screen sharing technology. Individuals and businesses could get assistance with computers, mobile devices, peripherals, software and training. On January 31, 2014, this service was shut down by AVG Technologies. Technology UltraVNC (formerly used TightVNC) on Windows and Chicken of the VNC on a Macintosh is used to establish a connection between computers, and a separate application to handle the billing of services between the two endpoints. CrossLoop encrypts the data sent across the computers. Data is encrypted using a 128-bit Blowfish encryption algorithm. The service might work even if one or both of the computers are behind a firewall. Competitors RealVNC Splashtop Business & Enterprise LogMeIn GoToMyPC GoToAssist TeamViewer Bomgar See also Tom Rolander Comparison of remote desktop software Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) Terminal Services Virtual Network Computing (VNC) References External links VentureBeat IndustryStandard AllThingsD Sept. 25, 2008 Review Virtual Network Computing Remote desktop
ArcMap is the former main component of Esri's ArcGIS suite of geospatial processing programs. Used primarily to view, edit, create, and analyze geospatial data. ArcMap allows the user to explore data within a data set, symbolize features accordingly, and create maps. This is done through two distinct sections of the program, the table of contents and the data frame. In October 2020, it was announced that there are no plans to release 10.9 in 2021, and that ArcMap would no longer be supported after March 1, 2026. Esri is encouraging their users to transition to ArcGIS Pro. Functionality ArcMap users can create and manipulate data sets to include a variety of information. For example, the maps produced in ArcMap generally include features such as north arrows, scale bars, titles, legends, neat lines, etc. The software package includes a style-set of these features. As well as the ability to upload numerous other reference styles to apply to any mapping function. The ArcGIS suite is available at four license levels: Basic, Standard, or Advanced (formerly ArcView, ArcEditor, or ArcInfo), and Pro. Each step up in the license provides the user with more extensions that allow a variety of querying to be performed on a data set. Pro is the highest level of licensing, and allows the user to use such extensions as 3D Analyst, Spatial Analyst, and the Geostatistical Analyst as well as numerous new functionalities at each new release. Layout The layout of ArcMap may seem overwhelming at first glance, but when a second look is taken what is seen is two distinct sections of ArcMap. The data frame where information is spatial and the table of contents where data is aligned in terms of importance symbology is changed. Data frame The section of ArcMap where data is spatially applied from the table of contents. The data comes in feature, rasters, and layers. While working in the spatial sector of the data, ground units (miles, kilometers, feet, meters, etc...) are used and represented in the coordinate system defined. This is where the views can be changed between Layout and Data View. The data will be ordered according to the order in the Table of Contents. The user can create multiple data frames within one table of contents. The data frame while in that view will only view a single data frame at a time. Table of Contents The table of contents is the way that ArcMap represents what data is available to put into the data frame and how each layer is symbolized. The normal way to organize the layers is from top to bottom. With the base map elements such as a street map or DEM listed at the bottom the thematic map layers can be placed above to convey the message the map is being designed for. Other forms to view the table of contents include listing layers by source; visibility; and selection. The most basic form is to stay with drawing order as described above. Views Views are put into place to allow a user to choose between either data view or the layout view. To choose between these views there are two buttons in the bottom left of the data frame to choose from. Navigating through the menus is another option, View > Layout View or View > Data View. Layout The purpose of layout view is for the final design of a map. This is the view where the placement of the essential map elements are inserted, such as the north arrow, scale bar, etc. While in this view the user also has control of the data frame just as they would in the Data View, but is mainly concerned with the page space and formatting of spacing. If multiple Data Frames are used they can be combined while in the layout view to fit onto one single page. Data View This is the geographic view of the data a user imports. The user can explore, display, and query data and edit files if the correct extensions are owned. The bulk of geographic processing will happen while in this view, such as symbology, import of data, editing, coordinate system definition. Only one Data Frame can be viewed at a time while in this view. File types ArcMap is run using primarily Shape Files and in more recent versions Geodatabases can be used to store larger sets of data. These file formats are what are uploaded into the program to view spatial data. Users can also upload .dbf or database files to link important attribute information to spatial data. Comma separated values (.csv) can be used, as long as they are converted to a .dbf before upload into the program. When a map is saved a new file extension is created (.mxd). This file does not save the layers or spatial data with it, only the relative pathnames. What this means is if the data used in the map is not in the same location as the previous time it was opened there will be an error. This assists with keeping the file small and reduces the amount of redundancy in data management. Printing There are three main printing techniques and one multipage technique. The multipage technique can be found in a help page on ESRIs website. In layout view after completing all desired formatting saving the layout view as a .pdf then printing form there will reduce the amount of possible miscommunication within the computer. Keeping what the user did exactly what they get when they print. While in data view for the user to zoom to their desired extent then go to File > Print In layout view after completing all desired formatting moving directly to File > Print will print out the specified layout. Extensions Temporal Analyst Temporal Analyst is an extension for storage, management, processing, plotting and analysis of virtually any time-related data inside ArcGIS application and was developed by DHI. Temporal Analyst tool for GIS brings time series data management directly into ArcGIS and provides fully dynamic data handling, modeling and monitoring. See also Geographic information systems software Comparison of geographic information systems software References Esri software
Microsoft PowerToys is a set of freeware system utilities designed for power users developed by Microsoft for use on the Windows operating system. These programs add or change features to maximize productivity or add more customization. PowerToys are available for Windows 95, Windows XP, Windows 10 and Windows 11. The PowerToys for Windows 10 and Windows 11 are free and open-source software licensed under the MIT License and hosted on GitHub. PowerToys for Windows 95 PowerToys for Windows 95 was the first version of Microsoft PowerToys and included 15 tools for power users. It included Tweak UI, a system utility for tweaking the more obscure settings in Windows. In most cases, Tweak UI exposed settings that were otherwise only accessible by directly modifying Windows Registry. Included components The following PowerToys for Windows 95 were available: CabView opened cabinet files like ordinary folders; CDAutoPlay made AutoPlay work on any non-audio CD; Command Prompt Here allowed the user to start a command prompt from any folder in Windows Explorer by right-clicking (native in Windows Vista onwards); Contents Menu allowed users to access folders and files from a context menu without having to open their folders; Desktop Menu allowed users to open items on the desktop from a menu on the Taskbar; Explore From Here enabled users to open Windows Explorer view from any folder such so that the folder acts as the root level folder; FindX added drag-and-drop capabilities to Find (later called Search) menu; FlexiCD allowed users to play an audio CD from the Taskbar; Quick Res allowed users to quickly change the screen resolution; Round Clock added an analog round clock without a square window; Send To X consisted of Shell extensions which added several commonly accessed locations such as clipboard, desktop, command-line or any folder to the Send To context menu in Explorer; Shortcut Target Menu allowed users to access the target file a shortcut is pointing to from the context menu or directly cut, copy, delete the target, create shortcut to the target or view its properties; Telephony Location Selector allowed mobile computer users to change their dialling location from the Taskbar; TweakUI allowed the user to customize the more obscure settings of the operating system's UI; Xmouse 1.2 made the window focus follow the mouse without requiring to click the window to make it active. PowerToys for Windows 95 were developed by the Windows Shell Development Team. Some of the tools work on later versions of Windows up to Windows XP, but others may interfere with newer built-in features on Windows 98, ME, and XP. Windows 95 Kernel Toys After the success of the Windows 95 PowerToys, the Windows Kernel Development Team released another set of tools for power users called Windows 95 Kernel Toys. Six tools were included in this package: MS-DOS Mode Configuration Wizard Customization Tool allowed users to configure Windows startup files without having to manually edit CONFIG.SYS or AUTOEXEC.BAT; Keyboard Remap reassigned functions to keys on the keyboard; Logo Key Control configured MS-DOS games so that Windows would ignore the Windows logo key while games were running; Conventional Memory Tracker to track and break down the amount of memory being allocated by virtual device drivers; Windows Process Watcher (WinTop) monitored how much of CPU resources were taken by individual programs; Time Zone Editor enabled the user to create and edit time zone entries for the Date/Time Control Panel applet. According to Raymond Chen, he wrote all of the Kernel Toys except for the Time Zone Editor, which came from the Windows NT Resource Kit. PowerToys for Windows XP PowerToys for Windows XP was the second version of the PowerToys set and brought major changes from the Windows 95 version. The tools in this set were available as separate downloads rather than in a single package. Included components , the following PowerToys for Windows XP were available: Alt-Tab Replacement Task Switcher replaced the simpler Alt-Tab switcher with a more visual one which shows live window previews. CD Slide Show Generator generated a slideshow from photos burned to a CD. ClearType Tuner allowed customizing ClearType settings to make it easier to read text on the screen. Color Control Panel Applet allowed managing color profiles, changing color profile associations for devices, viewing detailed properties for color profiles (including a 3D rendering of the color space gamut). HTML Slide Show Wizard generated an HTML slideshow presentation. Image Resizer allowed right-clicking on multiple image files inside Windows Explorer to batch resize them. Open Command Window Here allowed starting a command prompt from any folder in Windows Explorer by right-clicking. Power Calculator was a more advanced graphical calculator application than the built-in Windows Calculator; it could evaluate more complex expressions, draw a Cartesian or polar graph of a function or convert units of measurements. Power Calculator could store and reuse pre-defined functions, of any arity. For example, a function could be set by cube(x) = x * x * x, and later it could be used in an expression like 5 + cube(4). It did not evaluate every time an operator was entered. Rather, the entire expression must be entered for calculation. In the Numeric mode, it presented a visual keypad, in all other modes the expression had to be typed in. A scrolling text area maintained a history of all calculations. The advanced view allowed declaring and graphing functions, along with a list of all the saved functions. A flyout window provided the option of choosing either a Cartesian co-ordinate system or polar co-ordinates. It could also save a list of variables for use in expression. Unit conversions of the following types were supported: length, mass, time, velocity, and temperature. PowerToy Calc had support for typing calculations using Reverse Polish Notation (RPN). It could calculate up to 500 precision levels beyond the decimal point and supported complex numbers. RAW Image Thumbnailer and Viewer provided thumbnails, previews, printing, and metadata display for RAW images from within Windows Explorer. SyncToy allowed synchronizing files and folders. Taskbar Magnifier magnified part of the screen from the taskbar. Tweak UI customized Windows XP's user interface and advanced settings. Virtual Desktop Manager allowed switching between four virtual desktops from the taskbar. Webcam Timershot took pictures at specified time intervals from a webcam. Discontinued components The following PowerToys for Windows XP were discontinued: Background Switcher added a slideshow tab to Display properties and allows automatically changing the desktop wallpaper periodically. Although, Background Switcher is retired, a replacement, Wallpaper Changer, is available from Microsoft. Internet Explorer Find Bar added a toolbar to Internet Explorer that allowed users to search for keywords in a web page. This feature is natively supported by Internet Explorer 8. ISO Image Burner burned ISO images to an Optical disc recorder. This feature is integrated into Windows 7. In addition, Windows Server 2003 Resource Kit includes two similar tools (CDBurn.exe and DVDBurn.exe). Although Microsoft has retired this Power Toy, it is available as the unauthorized ISO Recorder Power Toy. Shell Audio Player was a Windows Media Player-based compact player which allows playing music from the taskbar. Super-Fast User Switcher allowed Fast User Switching or logging on to a different account using the Windows key+Q combination without requiring to switch to the logon screen. Virtual CD-ROM Control Panel could mount an ISO image as a virtual drive. It was designed for Windows XP, but it also worked with Windows Server 2003. It was a free alternative to software such as Alcohol 120%. PowerToys for Windows 10 and Windows 11 Windows 10 received PowerToys four years after its release. On May 8, 2019, Microsoft relaunched PowerToys and made them open-source on GitHub. The first preview release was available in September 2019, which included FancyZones and the Windows key shortcut guide. Included components PowerToys for Windows 10 comes with the following utilities: Always On Top adds the ability to quickly pin windows on top of all other windows with a quick keyboard shortcut. PowerToys Awake adds an ability to keep a computer awake without managing its power & sleep settings. Color Picker adds a tool for color identification (in HEX, RGB, CMYK, HSL and HSV, among others). FancyZones adds a window manager that makes it easier for users to create and use complex window layouts. File Explorer (Preview Panes) adds SVG, Markdown and PDF previews to File Explorer. File Locksmith adds the ability to check which files are in use and by which processes. Host File Editor adds the ability to edit the 'Hosts' file in a convenient way. Image Resizer adds a context menu to File Explorer for resizing images. Keyboard Manager adds options for remapping keys and shortcuts. Mouse utilities adds tools that enhance mouse and cursor functionality on Windows. Currently, the collection consists of Find My Mouse, which focuses on the cursor's position; Mouse Highlighter, which indicates mouse clicks on the screen; and Mouse pointer Crosshairs, which displays crosshairs centered on the mouse pointer Mouse Without Borders adds a tool which allows a user to move their cursor across multiple devices. Paste as Plain Text adds a customizable keyboard shortcut to paste text stripped of text formatting. PowerRename adds an option for users to rename files using search and replace or regular expression in File Explorer. PowerToys Run adds a Spotlight-like tool that allows users to search for folders, files, applications, and other items. Quick Accent adds the ability to type accented characters in an alternative way. Registry Preview adds a tool to preview, compare and edit registry file contents before writing to the Windows Registry. Screen Ruler adds the ability to measure pixel distances on-screen with image edge detection. Shortcut Guide adds a full screen overlay that allows the user to view the windows key shortcuts available in the current window. Text Extractor adds the ability to copy text from anywhere on your screen. Video Conference Mute adds tools to disable/enable the camera and microphone. Compatibility with Windows Vista, 7, and 8 PowerToys did not receive any releases supporting Windows Vista. Making equivalent calls to various Windows APIs were still possible though and enabling third-party applications to be implemented with the same, or a subset, of the original functionality. Neither Windows 7, Windows 8 nor Windows 8.1 received official support either. Not accounting for time spent developing Windows Vista, PowerToys was not updated for over 12 years, before being re-released as open source software for Windows 10. PowerToys for other Microsoft products Microsoft also released PowerToys for Windows XP Tablet PC Edition and Windows XP Media Center Edition. A set of PowerToys for Windows Media Player was released as part of the Windows Media Player Bonus Pack (for Windows XP), consisting of five tools to "provide a variety of enhancements to Windows Media Player." Finally, Microsoft has also released PowerToys for Windows Mobile, Visual Studio and OneNote. See also Resource Kit References External links Microsoft PowerToys for Windows 95 Windows XP PowerToys and Add-ins OneNote Testing (Official OneNote blog) OneNote PowerToys Windows PowerToys current versions of PowerToys for Windows Official source code repository for the Windows 10 version on GitHub Free and open-source software PowerToys Software using the MIT license Utilities for Windows Microsoft Microsoft Windows Windows-only free software
Great Whittington is a village and former civil parish, now in the parish of Whittington, in Northumberland, England, 7 miles NE of Hexham. In 1951 the parish had a population of 158. Governance Great Whittington is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham. Great Whittington was formerly a township in Corbridge parish, from 1866 Great Whittington was a civil parish in its own right until it was abolished on 1 April 1955 to form Whittington. History Immediately north of Great Whittington, in a field west of the Unnamed Road leading to Matfen, lies Great Whittington Royal Observer Corps Monitoring Post. This was 1 of approx. 1,563 underground monitoring posts built all over the UK during the Cold War to monitor the effects of a Nuclear Strike. They were operated by the ROC who were mostly civilian volunteers. Great Whittington ROC post was opened in June 1962 and closed in September 1992 after the collapse of the Soviet Union, which saw the end of the Cold War. Landmarks The Devil's Causeway passes the village about to the west. The causeway was a Roman road which started at Portgate on Hadrian's Wall, north of Corbridge, and extended northwards across Northumberland to the mouth of the River Tweed at Berwick-upon-Tweed. Transport Great Whittington is served by Go North East's 74 bus service, which provides four buses per day to Newcastle upon Tyne, Ponteland and Hexham. Religious sites A now deconsecrated Wesleyan church can be found on the northern side of the village green, distinguishable by a large cross above the door. See also Halton Matfen References The Official Great Whittington Website Geanology archives đá External links Whittington, as seen from the south Villages in Northumberland Former civil parishes in Northumberland
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology is the sixth-ranked executive department of the State Council of the People's Republic of China. It is responsible for regulation and development of the postal service, Internet, wireless, broadcasting, communications, production of electronic and information goods, software industry and the promotion of the national knowledge economy. History The State Council announced during the 1st session of the 11th National People's Congress that the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology would supersede the Ministry of Information Industry (MII). In 2013, the ministry's 'Made in China 2025' plan was approved by the State Council. It took over two years to complete by one hundred and fifty people. The plan's aim is to improve production efficiency and quality. Functions The ministry is responsible for industrial development, policy, and standards. It also oversees industry operations monitoring, innovation, and information technology. The ministry is known for drafting regulations that lays the groundwork for censorship. In 2006, Human Rights Watch said that the ministry is responsible for overseeing technical implementation of the censorship in China. The ministry is responsible for the current iteration of the Thousand Talents Plan called Qiming. Organization The ministry administers the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense, and the State Tobacco Monopoly Bureau. The MIIT was historically responsible for the nation's tobacco control, including over the implementation of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, but this task was assigned to the National Health Commission as part of a large-scale government reform in 2018. Under the arrangement "one institution with two names", the MIIT reserves the external brands of the China National Space Administration and the China Atomic Energy Authority. The MIIT oversees the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology, a government think tank that focuses on telecommunications and the digital economy. It also oversees seven universities, including top universities such as the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, the Beijing Institute of Technology, the Harbin Institute of Technology, and the Northwestern Polytechnical University. The MIIT also co-manages the China Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, used by the government to invest in semiconductor companies, together with the Ministry of Finance. Structure List of ministers List of party secretaries See also List of telecommunications regulatory bodies China Electronics Technology Group China Software Industry Association Electronic information industry in China Industry of China Software industry in China Standardization Administration of China SAC Roscomnadzor References External links Information Industry China PRC PRC Ministries established in 2008 2008 establishments in China Organizations based in Beijing
Xiafs was a file system for the Linux kernel which was conceived and developed by Frank Xia and was based on the MINIX file system. Today it is obsolete and not in use, except possibly in some historic installations. History Linux originally used the MINIX file system, but it had a number of limitations. For example, the length of filenames was limited to 14 characters and the partition size was limited to 64 MB. To replace the MINIX file system, the extended file system (or ext) was developed. However, ext retained some problems such as poor performance and the lack of some date stamps. Two contenders for replacing ext were quickly developed: ext2 and Xiafs. The two file systems were included in the standard kernel in December 1993 (Linux 0.99.15). ext2 and Xiafs had the same goal: To offer good performance, reasonable limitations, and fixing the flaws of ext. Initially, Xiafs was more stable than ext2, but being a fairly minimalistic modification of the MINIX file system, it was not very well suited for future extension. The end result was that Xiafs changed very little while ext2 evolved considerably, rapidly improving stability and performance, and adding extensions. ext2, after some shakedown time, quickly became the standard file system of Linux. Since then, ext2 has developed into a very mature and robust file system. Xiafs and the original ext were removed from Linux version 2.1.21, as they were no longer in use and were not maintained. ext2, ext3, and their successor ext4 are in the Linux kernel. As an exercise in computer history and as a file system tutorial, Xiafs was ported to modern Linux in 2013. Comparison with ext2 Xiafs was less powerful and offered less functionality than ext2. The maximum size of a file was 64 MiB and the maximum size of a partition was 2 GiB. While this was an improvement over ext, it did not measure up to ext2. Xiafs used less disk space for its control structures and it had greater stability at that time. See also List of file systems Comparison of file systems External links A modern implementation of Xiafs References Disk file systems File systems supported by the Linux kernel
Digital Effects Inc. was an early and innovative computer animation studio at 321 West 44th street in New York City. It was the first computer graphics house in New York City when it opened in 1978, and operated until 1986. It was founded by Judson Rosebush, Jeff Kleiser, Don Leich, David Cox, Bob Hoffman, Jan Prins, and others. Many of the original group came from Syracuse University, where Rosebush taught computer graphics. Rosebush developed the animation software APL Visions and FORTRAN Visions. Kleiser later went on to found Kleiser-Walczak Construction Company, which experimented with creating synthespians and made the animation for Monsters of Grace. The company's original animation system consisted of a Tektronix display with a 1200 baud modem connection to a remote Amdahl V6 in Bethesda, Maryland, with rendering done on an IBM System 370, recording on an Information International Inc. (III) film recorder in Los Angeles, and final processing and optical printing completed back in New York. The V6 ran APL, and could render at a rate of one polygon per second. The company later built one of the first frame buffers and video paint systems (the Video Palette), acquired a Harris mini-mainframe computer, and a Dicomed 35mm color film recorder. Digital Effects was one of the first companies in the world to produce "flying logos" for television and advertising, but they aggressively and rapidly expanded their capabilities to include motion capture, form morphing, raster effects, and so forth. Among their early works were historic animated sequences of Times Square, commercials for Scientific American, and a set of MTV-style demonstration reels. But they are perhaps best remembered for their contribution to the 2D computer animation in the 1982 film Tron — among other things, they were responsible for creating the main title, and for the animation of the Bit, including one that accompanies Kevin Flynn in his reconstructed Recognizer. The name of the company has entered the popular language as a noun which refers to visual effects which are both synthetic as well as image-altering and which occur in the realm of both 2D and 3D graphics and animation. Besides pure 3D computer modeling and animation, digital effects include scene-to-scene transition devices, deformations such as morphing, and color manipulation. References Computer animation Mass media companies established in 1978 Mass media companies disestablished in 1986 1978 establishments in New York City 1986 disestablishments in New York (state)
Postini, Inc. was an e-mail, Web security, and archiving service owned by Google since 2007. It provided cloud computing services for filtering e-mail spam and malware (before it was delivered to a client's mail server), offered optional e-mail archiving, and protected client networks from web-borne malware. History Postini was a startup company founded in 1999 by Shinya Akamine, Gordon Irlam, Brian Maggi, and Scott Petry in Redwood City, California, United States. It was backed by August Capital, with second-round funding from August as well as Summit Partners Accelerator Fund and Sun Microsystems. By February 2005, it was operating ten U.S. data centers, processing 2.5 billion e-mail messages weekly, and providing anti-spam services for more than 4,200 companies and "6 million end users, including workers at Merrill Lynch, Circuit City, Rayovac, and Hormel Foods, the company that makes Spam, the canned meat product". Later in 2005 it moved to nearby San Carlos, California. As of 2012, the number of processed emails is estimated to have been doubled around two times, and Google has added data centers in the EU to better serve its European customers. On July 9, 2007, Google announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Postini. Google paid $625 million in cash for the acquisition. The former company's services were then marketed as "Google Postini Services". In September 2011, Google announced it would discontinue a number of its products, including Google Web Security, which was acquired by Google as part of Postini. On August 21, 2012, Google announced it would be shutting down all of Postini's web services and folding the service's users into Google Apps. After a multi-year migration effort, the last customers were migrated to Google Apps in the second half of 2015. See also List of mergers and acquisitions by Google Exchange Online Protection, competing product by Microsoft Cisco Email Security Appliance, formerly IronPort, competing product by Cisco References Spam filtering Anti-spam Google acquisitions Computer-related introductions in 1999 Cloud applications Service-oriented (business computing) 2014 disestablishments in California Internet properties disestablished in 2014 Discontinued Google acquisitions
Refresh FM is a Christian radio station which broadcasts in South and Central Manchester under a Restricted Service Licence. The station is run by a steering group of volunteers although the original broadcasts were based at Victoria Park Christian Fellowship an evangelical church in Manchester. The radio station has broadcast almost every year at Easter time from 2003; the latest broadcast was in April 2013. It is entirely staffed by volunteers from churches across Manchester and broadcasts a range of programmes including music, interviews, discussions, real-life stories and Bible devotions. 2013 The station moved out of Victoria Park Fellowship's building due to refurbishment in 2013. A new studio was constructed and the station adopted free radio software. During the 28-day broadcast Refresh FM decided to continue online and now broadcasts repeats of programmes and a mix of music. Controversy An article about Refresh FM was published on the gay news site Pink News in September 2009 after it allegedly sacked one of its voluntary DJs because he was gay. There was a debate about whether this situation was covered by the UK's anti-discrimination laws because it covered a man who was unpaid and did not have a contract of employment. References Radio stations established in 2003 Radio stations in Manchester Christian radio stations in the United Kingdom
Orton imagery, also called an Orton slide sandwich or the Orton Effect, is a photography technique which blends two completely different photos of the same scene, resulting in a distinctive mix of high and low detail areas within the same photo. It was originated by photographer Michael Orton in the mid 1980s. History The original technique invented by Michael Orton was to overlay two or more images of an identical scene with very different exposures on slide film. One image is sharply focused and the others are very out of focus. Orton has also experimented with similar techniques, substituting one of the images in the composition for one of a different subject, such as a texture layer, or combining a multi-colored image and a monotone one. Example Legacy The technique can be replicated using photo editing software and a number now include a plug-in to achieve it automatically. References External links Orton Effect with Gimp. Orton Effect with Adobe Photoshop Photographic techniques
GIO (Gnome Input/Output) is a library, designed to present programmers with a modern and usable interface to a virtual file system. It allows applications to access local and remote files with a single consistent API, which was designed "to overcome the shortcomings of GnomeVFS" and be "so good that developers prefer it over raw POSIX calls." GIO serves as low-level system library for the GNOME Shell/GNOME/GTK software stack and is being developed by The GNOME Project. It is maintained as a separate library, , but it is bundled with GLib. GIO is free and open-source software subject to the requirements of the GNU Lesser General Public License. Features The abstract file system model of GIO consists of a number of interfaces and base classes for I/O and files. There are a number of stream classes, similar to the input and output stream hierarchies that can be found in frameworks like Java. There are interfaces related to applications and the types of files they handle. There is a framework for storing and retrieving application settings. file type detection with xdgmime (xdg = X Desktop Group = freedesktop.org) file monitoring with inotify file monitoring with FAM There is support for network programming, including name resolution, lowlevel socket APIs and highlevel client and server helper classes. There is support for connecting to D-Bus, sending and receiving messages, owning and watching bus names, and making objects available on the bus. Beyond these, GIO provides facilities for file monitoring, asynchronous I/O and filename completion. In addition to the interfaces, GIO provides implementations for the local case. Implementations for various network file systems are provided by the GVfs package as loadable modules. See also KIO – an analogous KDE library gVFS – a user-space virtual filesystem relying on GIO GnomeVFS – the older Gnome library for the same purposes References External links GIO Reference Manual GIO Technical Details Applications using D-Bus C (programming language) libraries Free computer libraries Free software programmed in C GNOME libraries GTK
General elections were held in Bangladesh on 7 May 1986. A total of 1,527 candidates contested the election. The result was a victory for the Jatiya Party, which won 153 of the 300 seats. Voter turnout was 61.1%. Bangladesh Nationalist Party, the winner of the previous elections, boycotted the election. British observers including a journalist termed the elections a "tragedy for democracy" and a "cynically frustrated exercise". Background In 1982 a coup d'état led by Army Chief Hussain Muhammad Ershad overthrew democratically elected President Abdus Sattar, suspended the Constitution and imposed martial law. Parliament was dissolved and all political parties were banned. Ershad appointed Justice A. F. M. Ahsanuddin Chowdhury as President on 27 March 1982, a position which he held until December 1983 when Ershad assumed the presidency himself. In 1983 Ershad promised to hold presidential elections in May 1984 and to restore parliamentary government the following year. However, neither elections were held until 1986. Amid increasing opposition from the general public, Ershad aimed to legitimise his regime by holding a referendum in March 1985. The official result of the referendum was overwhelmingly in support of his regime; however, there were allegations of large-scale vote rigging. Ershad planned to hold a presidential election in early 1986, but was faced with vigorous opposition from the Bangladesh Awami League-led eight-party alliance, Bangladesh Nationalist Party-backed seven-party alliance and the left-leaning five-party alliance, who demanded the lifting of martial law and the holding of parliamentary elections prior to a presidential election. Conceding to opposition demands general elections were scheduled for 7 May 1986. On 1 January 1986 Ershad formed Jatiya Party to represent his interests in the elections. The winners of the previous elections, BNP, boycotted the elections but Awami League, and the majority of other political parties, contested. At the time of elections, martial law was still in place and Ershad was still Army Chief. Results The result was a victory for Ershad's Jatiya Party, which won a simple parliamentary majority with 153 of 300 seats. However the result was controversial, with Awami League accusing the Jatiya Party of election rigging and a British team of observers - consisting of a former Labour Party minister, a Conservative Party lawmaker and a BBC journalist - terming the elections a "tragedy for democracy" and a "cynically frustrated exercise". Aftermath In August 1986 Ershad resigned from military service and a presidential election was held in October 1986, in which Ershad was declared the victor. However the elections were controversial as they were boycotted by all major opposition candidates and there were reports of irregularities. In November 1986, the second session of the third parliament was used for passing the constitution's seventh amendment bill, which primarily protected Ershad and his regime from prosecution for actions taken under his years of military rule, and on 11 November martial law was lifted. In July 1987, the opposition parties united in opposition of government policies. Ershad declared a state of emergency in November, dissolved parliament in December, and scheduled new parliamentary elections for March 1988. References General General elections in Bangladesh Bangladesh Bangladesh
The Nokia 6210 Navigator is a smartphone made by Nokia that is a successor to Nokia 6110 Navigator. It was announced on February 11, 2008 and had been available from July 2008. It runs on Symbian OS v9.3 with a S60 3rd Edition FP2 user interface. The Nokia 6210 Navigator is the third phone in the Navigator series to be released by Nokia. The Nokia 6210 Navigator includes pre-loaded navigation maps with a free navigation license for 6 months. It is also the company's first device with a built-in magnetic compass. It should not be confused with the Nokia 6210 from 2000. It was succeeded by the Nokia 6710 Navigator. Accelerometer The 6210 Navigator includes a built-in accelerometer. This was originally only used for video stabilization and photo orientation (to keep landscape or portrait shots oriented as taken). Nokia Research Center has allowed an application interface directly to the accelerometer, allowing software to use the data from it. Nokia has released an application to demonstrate this. Third-party programs have been created, including software that will automatically change the screen orientation when the phone is tilted, programs that simulate the sounds of a Star Wars lightsaber when the phone is waved through the air, allow you to mute the phone by turning it face-down, and many more. Technical specifications Symbian OS v9.3 with S60 Platform 3rd Edition, Feature Pack 2 Quad band GSM / GPRS / EDGE: GSM/EDGE Quadband 850/900/1800/1900 MHz Dual band UMTS / HSDPA: W-CDMA 900/2100 MHz HSDPA 3.6 Mbit/s Integrated GPS system A-GPS Digital Compass 96 MB RAM 3.2 megapixel camera, Video – VGA 640×480 QCIF camera for video calling Bluetooth 2.0 with EDR & A2DP USB 2.0 (micro USB) microSD Stereo FM radio and support for Visual Radio Push to Talk over Cellular (PoC) Music Player supporting MP3, AAC, eAAC+, WMA files Mono speaker Users can determine the software version in the phone by pressing *#0000# on the keypad. See also List of Nokia products References External links NAVTEQ Website Nokia Asia Website Nokia 6210 Navigator – Official Site(Archived) Nokia smartphones Slider phones Mobile phones introduced in 2008
Mailplane is an e-mail client for Mac OS X that "wraps" the Gmail service as a site-specific browser. This gives the user a more application-like experience than using Gmail in a browser, including the ability to drag and drop files into attachments, use the OS X Address Book and Keychain, use spell checking, easily send images, and use Gmail as the outbound mailer when clicking on mailto links. It is written using Mac OS X's Cocoa and WebKit APIs. Since July 8, 2020, of Mailplane version 3 no longer has access to Gmail data, rendering it inoperable. Later versions (Version 4+) are approved by Google and will continue to operate. Since June 6, 2021, Mailplane is no longer for sale due to Google considering their method of email access (using embedded browser) to be a security issue. Reception CNet awards it a five-of-five star rating, while Macworld gives it a 3.5 out of 5. The Verge does not provide a rating as such, but rates it highly in their review, while a roundup of similar software by AppleInsider stated "MailPlane offers the best OS X experience of any third party mail application." References Site-specific browsing
Photo editor could refer to: Raster graphics editor, a computer program that allows users to create and edit images interactively on a computer screen and save them in one of many raster graphics formats Picture editor, a professional who collects, reviews, and chooses photographs or illustrations for publication in alignment with preset guidelines a professional engaged in image editing, either digital or photo-chemical photographs, or illustrations See also Photo manipulation, altering images using a photo editor Graphics software, a program or collection of programs that enable a person to create, edit or publish digital imagery
A PIN pad or PIN entry device is an electronic device used in a debit, credit or smart card-based transaction to accept and encrypt the cardholder's personal identification number (PIN). PIN pads are normally used with payment terminals, automated teller machines or integrated point of sale devices in which an electronic cash register is responsible for taking the sale amount and initiating/handling the transaction. The PIN pad is required to read the card and allow the PIN to be securely entered and encrypted before it is sent to the bank. In some cases, with chip cards, the PIN is only transferred from the PIN pad to card and it is verified by the chip card. In this case the PIN does not need to be sent to the bank or card scheme for verification. (This is known as "offline PIN verification".) Like some stand-alone point of sale devices, PIN pads are equipped with hardware and software security features to ensure that the encryption keys and the PIN are erased if someone tries to tamper with the device. The PIN is encrypted immediately on entry and an encrypted PIN block is created. This encrypted PIN block is erased as soon as it has been sent from the PIN pad to the attached point of sale device and/or the chip card. PINs are encrypted using a variety of encryption schemes, the most common in 2010 being triple DES. PIN pads must be approved to the standards required by the payment card industry to ensure that they provide adequate security at the point of PIN entry and for the PIN encryption process. ISO 9564 is the international standard for PIN management and security, and specifies some required and recommended characteristics of PIN entry devices. Although PIN pads nominally allow entry of numeric values, some PIN pads also have letters assigned to most of the digits, to allow use of alphabetic characters or a words as a mnemonic for the numeric PIN. Not all PIN pads necessarily have the same letters for the same numbers. ISO 9564 does not mandate any particular assignment of letters, and includes two examples that differ in the digits to which Q and Z are assigned. Certifications Payment card industry EMV Abecs TQM PayPass PayWave ExpressPay See also Payment terminal References Banking equipment Encryption devices
The Moon is the largest natural satellite of and the closest major astronomical object to Earth. The Moon may be observed by using a variety of optical instruments, ranging from the naked eye to large telescopes. The Moon is the only celestial body upon which surface features can be discerned with the unaided eyes of most people. Optimal viewing times Contrary to popular belief, the Moon should ideally not be viewed at its full phase. During a full moon, rays of sunlight are hitting the visible portion of the Moon perpendicular to the surface. As a result, there is less surface detail visible during a full moon than during other phases (such as the quarter and crescent phases) when sunlight hits the Moon at a much shallower angle. The brightness of a full moon as compared to a phase where a smaller percentage of the surface is illuminated tends to wash out substantial amounts of detail and can actually leave an afterimage on an observer's eye that can persist for several minutes. First quarter (six to nine days past new moon) is generally considered the best time to observe the Moon for the average stargazer. Shadows and detail are most pronounced along the "terminator", the dividing line between the illuminated (day side) and dark (night side) of the Moon. Suggested viewing tools Naked eye Generally, the Moon can be viewed even with the naked eye, however it may be more enjoyable with optical instruments. The primary lunar surface features detectable to the naked eye are the lunar maria or "seas", large basaltic plains which form imaginary figures as the traditional "Moon Rabbit" or familiar "Man in the Moon". The maria cover about 35% of the surface. The contrast between the less reflective dark gray maria and the more reflective gray/white lunar highlands is easily visible without optical aid. Under good viewing conditions, those with keen eyesight may also be able to see some of the following features: Bright region around Copernicus Mare Nectaris Mare Humorum Bright region around Kepler Gassendi region Plinius region Mare Vaporum Lubiniesky region Sinus Medii Faintly shaded area near Sacrobosco Dark spot at foot of Mons Huygens Riphean Mountains Another interesting phenomenon visible with the naked eye is Earthshine. Best visible shortly before or after a new moon (during the waning and waxing crescent phases respectively), Earthshine is the faint glow of the non-illuminated (night) side of the Moon caused by sunlight reflecting off the surface of Earth (which would appear nearly full to an observer situated on the Moon at this time) and onto the night side of the Moon. By the time the Moon reaches first its quarter however, the sunlight illuminated portion of the Moon becomes far too bright for Earthshine to be seen with the naked eye, however it can still be observed telescopically. Binoculars and telephoto camera lenses Binoculars are commonly used by those just beginning to observe the Moon, and many experienced amateur astronomers prefer the view through binoculars over that through higher-power telescopes due to the larger field of view. Their high level of portability makes them the simplest device used to see more detail on the lunar surface than what is visible to the naked eye. The primary disadvantage of binoculars is that they cannot be held as steadily unless one utilizes a commercial or homemade binocular tripod. The recent introduction of image-stabilized binoculars has changed this to some extent; however, cost is still an issue. A 10× pair of binoculars will magnify the Moon approximately as much as a 200mm camera lens can. The photos below were shot with a 200mm lens. The first photo was taken on 13 November 2016 at 6:20pm PST, observing the full Moon just hours before it would officially become the largest supermoon since 1948. The second photo was shot 24 hours later, and the contrast was enhanced to bring out details such as mountainous terrain. The next supermoon will not occur this large until the year 2034. Telescopes To some it may be more desirable to utilize a telescope in which case far more options for observing the Moon exist. Even a small, well-made telescope will show the observer much greater detail than is visible with the naked eye or small binoculars. As the aperture of the telescope mirror (in the case of a reflecting telescope) or lens (in the case of a refracting telescope) increases, smaller and smaller features will begin to appear. With large amateur telescopes, features as small as 0.6 miles (1 km) in diameter can be observed depending on atmospheric conditions. Most astronomers use different kinds of filters in order to bring out the contrast of certain surface features. Simple neutral density filters are also common as they can cut down the amount of light reaching the eye by 60–95%, something that is helpful especially when observing a full or gibbous moon so the surface does not appear as washed out. Lunar occultations An occultation is an astronomical event where a celestial object appears completely hidden by another, closer body (with a greater angular diameter) due to the passage of the closer object directly between the more distant object and the observer. Due to the large apparent size of the Moon, lunar occultations are quite common and when a bright celestial object is involved, the result is an event that can be easily observed using the naked eye. The Moon almost constantly occults faint stars as it orbits the Earth but because even a young Moon appears immensely brighter than these stars, these events are difficult to observe using amateur telescopes. However, the Moon does frequently occult brighter stars and even planets due to its close proximity to the ecliptic. Four first magnitude stars, Regulus, Spica, Antares, and Aldebaran, are sufficiently close to the ecliptic that they may be occulted by the Moon. In addition, two star clusters visible to the naked eye, the Beehive Cluster and the Pleiades, are often occulted. Depending on one's location on the Earth, there are usually several occultations involving naked eye objects every year and many more that can be observed using binoculars or a telescope. Accurate timings (accuracy at least +/-0.02 seconds) of lunar occultations are scientifically useful in fields such as lunar topography, astrometry, and binary star studies and are collected by the International Occultation Timing Association - IOTA. The archive of lunar occultations observations, (1623 to the present day) are maintained at VizieR. Transient Lunar Phenomena A transient lunar phenomenon (TLP) or "Lunar Transient Phenomena" (LTP), refers to short-lived lights, colors, or changes in appearance of the lunar surface. Claims of these phenomena go back at least 1,000 years, with some having been observed independently by multiple witnesses or some in the scientific community. Nevertheless, the majority of transient lunar phenomena reports are irreproducible and do not possess adequate control experiments that could be used to distinguish among alternative hypotheses. Few reports concerning these phenomena are ever published in peer reviewed scientific journals, and rightfully or wrongfully, the lunar scientific community rarely discusses these observations. Most lunar scientists will acknowledge that transient events such as outgassing and impact cratering do occur over geologic time: the controversy lies in the frequency of such events. A number of astronomical societies around the world have implemented their own TLP watch programs and TLP alert networks. Features with reported TLP Associations Agrippa (crater)Alphonsus (crater)Archimedes (crater)Aristarchus (crater)Aristoteles (crater)Atlas (crater)Bullialdus (crater)Calippus (crater)Cassini (crater)Censorinus (crater)Clavius (crater)Cleomedes (crater)Copernicus (crater)Eratosthenes (crater)Fracastorius (crater)Gassendi (crater)Grimaldi (crater)Herodotus (crater)Sinus IridumKepler (crater) Lambert (lunar crater)Linné (crater)Manilius (crater)Mare CrisiumMenelaus (crater)Mons PitonMons PicoPicard (crater)Plato (crater)Posidonius (crater)Proclus (crater)Promontorium LaplaceRiccioli (crater)Schickard (crater)Taruntius (crater)Theophilus (crater)Timocharis (crater)Tycho (crater)Vallis SchröteriZagut (crater) Blinking devices A number of observers employ different colored filters to determine colored transient events on the Moon. By quickly alternating filters of opposing colors in the telescopic light path, faintly colored areas on the Moon can stand out more by appearing to flicker on and off. A red area will appear brighter when viewed through a red filter and darker when seen through a blue filter. It is possible to alternate the filters manually however, this requires a certain dexterity of the hand and good coordination. A purpose built filter wheel is much more viable alternative, and this can be motorized, so the observer can devote all of their concentration to what is going on through the eyepiece. There are, however a number of features on the Moon that will appear to blink naturally, among them being the southwestern part of Fracastorius (crater), and a section of the western wall of Plato (crater). A special filter wheel called a "crater extinction device" is capable of measuring the brightness of an individual lunar feature to be measured according to the point where it ceases to be visible. Crescent Moon During the first two weeks, the Moon is called 'crescent' (when the illuminated portion increases) while it is 'falling' for the next two weeks. For two weeks, the crescent Moon wanes before and waxes after new moon, or "change of Moon". The Moon when other than crescent or dark, is called a gibbous, waxing before and waning after full moon. Other items of interest Because the Moon is so bright, it is especially interesting to see objects "superimposed" on it. One particular point of interest is an ISS (International Space Station) transit. See also List of lunar craters Moon Observational astronomy Planetshine References Observing the Moon: The Modern Astronomer's Guide – PDF format Grego, Peter (2005), The Moon and how to Observe it, Springer, Levy, David (2001), David Levy's Gude to the Night Sky, Cambridge University Press, The simple geometry of Sun, Moon, and star paths Observational astronomy Observation
Bibble is a digital imaging program for multiple platforms by Bibble Labs, designed to assist photographers in post-production work and efficient optimization of images created in raw image formats. After Bibble was acquired by Corel, it was rebranded as Corel AfterShot Pro. Bibble 5 Bibble 5 is an upgrade to Bibble 4 with the intent of cleaning up and rewriting some of the codebase, updating the GUI, and adding features to the platform. Bibble 5.0 was released December 29, 2009 and the development was announced on September 22, 2006, and a preview version was released January 31. 2009. The software exists in a Pro and a Lite package. Added features in version 5 Image editing tools include selective editing and layers Asset management tools Metadata tools Faster processing and better support of multi-processor systems Third-party plugins for Bibble 5 Harry - Black & White Converter Using a Color Equalizer Sally - Color Enhancer Tool Using a Color Equalizer iNDA - Simple Black/White Film Simulator Lay - Layer transparency editor SplitToni - Split toning for highlights and shadows Sean Puckett Plugins - Coming soon, most of the best Sean Puckett Bibble 4 plugins for Bibble 5 Ghost Writer - Text or logo overlays Grid - Overlay a grid pattern over an image Added features in version 5.1 Bibble 5.0 shipped with some functionality missing which Bibble 4 supported, but Bibble 5.1 adds the following features (and more). Additionally, a lite version is available. Heal & Clone brush Perfectly Clear Web Gallery output Auto-Contrast feature Ability to install third-party plugins Additional support and features to Bibble's plugin SDK Added support for additional cameras Added lens calibration parameters for various lenses. Numerous issues resolved. Built-in plugins for Bibble 5.1 Black And White - Black & White with Spot Color Bibble 4 Bibble 4 was supported from October 2004 with their initial release of Bibble 4.0 up until May 2008 when the last version, 4.10, was released. After which no more bug fixes or cameras were added to it and the project was basically closed while Bibble 5 development was ongoing. Bibble 4 is considered deprecated at this point and is no longer supported or sold. Features from version 4 RAW conversion. Post-processing of RAW and JPEG images; e.g. white balance setting, exposure, contrast, fill-light, etc. Plug-in architecture. Color management, courtesy of ColorFlow. Noise reduction, courtesy of Picturecode Noise Ninja. Shadow and highlight enhancement, courtesy of Athentech Perfectly Clear. See also Adobe Bridge Adobe Photoshop Lightroom Apple Aperture Corel AfterShot Pro (Bibble successor) Darktable LightZone RawTherapee References Raster graphics editors Photo software Image organizers Raw image processing software
Avatars United was a web community for avatars of online games and virtual worlds. It was launched in March 2008 by Sweden-based Enemy Unknown and closed in October 2010. It was owned by Linden Lab, which announced its closure on September 23, 2010. Features At the core, Avatars United is a social networking website that lets users connect their game avatars with each other. Avatars can interact and share experiences by sending messages, blogging, discussing topics and uploading photos and videos. They can also join or create groups and organize in-game events. As to keep the website to in-game content only, any real-life content or references to real-life identities are strictly forbidden. Avatars are organized by the server they belong to, called "worlds" on the website. Each world has a dedicated page where users can track the activity of its avatars. Users can register an unlimited amount of avatars from multiple worlds and games and designate one as their main avatar. This allows users to keep in touch with friends from past games as they migrate to new ones. To log in the user is required to fill out one's real-life birth date. It is not clear whether this information will be public or not. Supported games Avatars United currently supports 90 virtual worlds. The website also integrates with official game resources such as the World of Warcraft Armory and EVE Online API. History The project was initiated by a group of real-life childhood friends with a passion for computer games in the summer of 2007. The company was acquired by Linden Lab in January 2010. Linden Lab closed Avatars United in September 2010, integrating the underlying social technology into Second Life. See also Massively multiplayer online game Massively multiplayer online role-playing game Guild hosting References External links Avatars United Products and services discontinued in 2010 Inactive massively multiplayer online games Defunct online companies Defunct social networking services
DLR may refer to: Companies and organizations , the first German airline , a German radio network or DLR Kultur, a German radio station German Aerospace Center () DLR Group, a U.S. engineering and design firm Mathematics and technology Design layout record, of telecommunication circuit Displacement–length ratio of a vessel Dynamic Language Runtime, Microsoft software Transportation Docklands Light Railway, London, England Other uses DLR Band, an album by David Lee Roth Arise the Republic (), a political party in France Dicționarul Limbii Române, the most comprehensive dictionary of the Romanian language DLR Lexicon, Dún Laoghaire, Ireland library Diamond League Records, abbreviation for records in the Diamond League
Computer-aided or computer-assisted is an adjectival phrase that hints of the use of a computer as an indispensable tool in a certain field, usually derived from more traditional fields of science and engineering. Instead of the phrase computer-aided or computer-assisted, in some cases the suffix management system is used. Engineering and production Computer-aided design Computer-aided architectural design Computer-aided industrial design Electronic and electrical computer-aided design Computer-aided garden design Computer-aided drafting Computer-aided engineering Computer-aided production engineering Computer-aided manufacturing Computer-aided quality Computer-aided maintenance Music and arts Computer-aided algorithmic composition Computer-assisted painting Human languages Computer-aided translation Medicine Computer-assisted detection Computer-aided diagnosis Computer-assisted orthopedic surgery Computer-aided patient registration Computer-assisted sperm analysis Computer-assisted surgery Computer-assisted surgical planning Computer-aided tomography Software engineering Computer-aided software engineering Traffic control Computer-assisted dispatch Teaching Computer-assisted instruction Computer-assisted learning, better known as computer-based learning Computer-assisted language learning Computer-assisted assessment Mathematics Computer-assisted proof Computer-aided learning Economy Computer-assisted auditing techniques Computer-assisted mass appraisal Communications Computer-assisted personal interviewing Computer-assisted telephone interviewing Computer-assisted reporting Security Computer-Assisted Passenger Prescreening System Law Computer-assisted legal research Entertainment Computer-assisted gaming Computer-assisted role-playing game Prefixes
Blasphemy is a novel by Douglas Preston that was released on January 8, 2008, by Forge Books. It is the second book in the Wyman Ford series, exploring philosophical and theological ideas. Plot summary Isabella, a powerful particle accelerator, has been constructed in Red Mesa in the remote Arizona desert, the most expensive machine ever built by science. The project is staffed by a team of twelve scientists, under the leadership of charismatic Nobel Laureate Gregory North Hazelius. The team consists of Kate Mercer, Hazelius's second-in-command; chief engineer and designer of Isabella Ken Dolby; Russian software engineer Peter Volkonsky; cosmologist Melissa Corcoran; senior intelligence officer and security guard Tony Wardlaw; psychologist George Innes; quantum electrodynamicist Julie Thibodeaux; electrical engineer Harlan St. Vincent; Michael Cecchini, the Standard Model particle physicist; computer engineer Rae Chen; and mathematician Alan Edelstein. When the team supposedly encounters a problem with the machine, they appear to be covering something up and not reporting all the true facts to their superiors, even after Voldonsky suddenly dies in what appears to be a suicide. Ex-CIA agent Wyman Ford is tapped to go to Arizona in an undercover role as an anthropologist, and finds out what's really going on with the project. He is reluctant to undertake the mission, having had a previous relationship with Mercer while in college and being consistently warned of Hazelius's almost seductive charisma. Once there, Ford discovers the scientists have made a discovery that apparently not only demonstrates the existence of God, but communications with it reveal it to be far grander and deeper than anything found in the conventional religions. When part of the discovery becomes known to a local fundamentalist pastor named Russell Eddy, he interprets it as a sign of the End Times and by way of viral email recruits thousands of people from across the United States into "God's Army". They storm the machine, killing Dolby and Wardlaw, and eventually causing the machine to overload and explode, destroying the entire facility. The remaining crew members escape through the abandoned mine shafts that run into the mountain, but the explosion of Isabella causes a cave-in that kills Thibodeaux and Edelstein. They capture the remaining eight scientists and burn Hazelius at the stake. Just as they prepare to kill Ford and the other survivors, they are rescued by one of the Native American residents of the region, who evacuates them all on horseback. The final explosions and collapses of the mine shafts cause the entire area to cave in from under them, killing Eddy and a vast majority of the mob. The National Guard finally arrives just in time to save the survivors and round up the surviving mob members. In the end, it is revealed that Hazelius simulated the communications in an effort to create a new religion, one based on science and particularly the scientific method and the search for truth. However, Hazelius himself admits to the simulation performing "beyond its specs." (Comparisons are made between Hazelius and Hubbard in regards to Scientology). However, Ford was the only one who learned the truth about Hazelius, and when he tries to tell Kate, she refuses to believe him. Out of respect for Kate's wishes and his own dying love for her, he decides to let her believe in the lie so that she may be happy. The epilogue reveals that Kate and the other five survivors of Isabella - Corcoran, Innes, St. Vincent, Cecchini, and Chen - have formed their own religion based on the experience, simply named "The Search." The religion has already garnered a massive following, with the late Hazelius serving as their Christ-like figure and the printed-out recordings of Isabella's conversations with "God" as their Bible. Timeline The events in this novel follow those of The Codex and Tyrannosaur Canyon (the latter being the novel that introduced Ford), and is the first novel to feature Ford as the main protagonist. It also introduces Dr. Stanton Lockwood III, the science advisor to the President of the United States, whom assigns the job to Ford. It is later succeeded by Impact and The Kraken Project, both of which feature the return of Ford and Lockwood. Reception —Review by Kirkus Reviews References External links Book profile on the publisher's website The real "world largest collider" Techno-thriller novels Novels by Douglas Preston 2008 American novels 2008 science fiction novels Novels set in Arizona Apache County, Arizona Forge Books books Novels about religion
High Frequency Internet Protocol (HFIP or HF-IP) is usually associated with Automatic Link Establishment and HF radio data communications. HFIP provides protocol layers enabling internet file transfer, chat, web and email. HFIP commonly uses ionospheric propagation of radio waves to form a wide area network that can span thousands of kilometers. HF transceivers in HFIP service typically run 20 to 150 watts for portable or mobile units, up to approximately 2000 watts transmitter output for high power base stations with HFIP servers. STANAG 5066 is a common HFIP standard. An amateur radio HFIP network called HFLINK uses Automatic Link Establishment for initiating data communications, with ARQ 8FSK frequency-shift keying and PSK phase-shift keying signals. References Internet protocols Amateur radio
Spinmaster is an arcade game developed and released by Data East in December, 1993 in North America, in Europe the same year and on February 18, 1994 in Japan. It is the first game Data East developed and released for the SNK Neo-Geo MVS hardware. Its character designs are almost identical to the ones in Data East's Sega Genesis game titled Dashin' Desperadoes; however, the rest of both games are completely different. Also, Spinmaster'''s gameplay, artwork style, animations of some characters and the styles of its weapons were heavily inspired by another arcade game by Data East titled Joe & Mac, according to the Japanese Miracle Adventure arcade flyer. After Data East became defunct due to its bankruptcy back in 2003, G-Mode bought the intellectual rights to the Neo-Geo game as well as most other Data East games and licenses them globally. The game was later re-released on the Virtual Console in Japan on August 3, 2010, the PAL region on November 12, 2010 and in North America on November 22, 2010. Gameplay Players progress across the side-scrolling levels, jumping to avoid obstacles and reach platforms and defeating enemies with a default yo-yo weapon or weapons obtained from treasure chests. They can also crouch or slide tackle to attack enemies or evade incoming attacks. Quickly tapping the attack button rapid-fires weapons, and holding the attack button charges an alternate fire mode that varies depending on the equipped weapon. There are also limited screen-clearing super attacks that also vary depending on the equipped weapon. There are five worlds of several stages each. Each world ends with a boss fight that awards a fragment of a treasure map when defeated. After collecting the full map, players choose one of three locations, each of which are a different ending to the game. Plot Many years ago, a large treasure was hidden by a mysterious man on an uncharted island. The man of mystery drew the location of the treasure on a map and hid it deep in the forest of the island. Days turned to weeks, weeks turned to years, and years turned to decades. The man who hid the map disappeared, never to be seen again. During this time, the map became dirty and weathered, eventually tearing into five pieces which were scattered about the corners of the world. One of these pieces wafted its way into the possession of the young treasure seeker named Johnny. Living with his girlfriend Mary and his rugged cowboy partner named Tom, Johnny dreamed of the day when he would some day find the ancient treasure on the hidden island of the mysterious man. Then one day, the greedy, treasure-seeking mad scientist, Dr. De Playne appeared in Johnny's little town. Seizing Johnny's piece of the treasure map and kidnapping Mary, Dr. De Playne set out to find the treasure and buy up all the toys and candy of the world, plunging the children of earth into a bitter darkness of continuous study and well-balanced meals. Johnny and Tom pursued the mad Dr. De Playne with their yo-yos to save Mary and the world. Development Release Reception In North America, RePlay reported Spinmaster to be the eleventh most-popular arcade game at the time. Play Meter also listed the game to be the fifty-third most-popular arcade game at the time. The title garnered mostly positive reception from critics and reviewers alike since its initial release. Retrospective reviews Spinmaster has been met with mostly positive reception from retrospective reviewers in recent years. In 2014, HobbyConsolas'' identified it as one of the twenty best games for the Neo Geo AES. Notes References External links Spinmaster at GameFAQs Spinmaster at Giant Bomb Spinmaster at Killer List of Videogames Spinmaster at MobyGames 1993 video games ACA Neo Geo games Arcade video games D4 Enterprise games Data East video games Data East arcade games Multiplayer and single-player video games Neo Geo games Nintendo Switch games PlayStation Network games PlayStation 4 games Side-scrolling platform games SNK games Virtual Console games Windows games Xbox One games Zeebo games Video games developed in Japan Hamster Corporation games
Art of Life 1993.12.31 Tokyo Dome is a live VHS/DVD released by X Japan on September 24, 2003. It claims to contain the band's "Art of Life" performance on December 31, 1993, at the Tokyo Dome as part of the two-day concert series X Japan Returns (both concerts were released on DVD in their entirety in 2008, see X Japan Returns 1993.12.30 and X Japan Returns 1993.12.31). But this name is misleading as it really is an edited mix of both nights. Most of the video was filmed on December 31, but the piano solo part was filmed on December 30. This is the same version that appeared on Art of Life Live five years earlier. Some parts of Toshi's vocals were touched up by studio software to make up for the apparent faults at both live concerts. A limited edition containing a photobook and a CD containing an "Endless Rain" rehearsal at the studio in Los Angeles was also released the same day. Track listing "Art of Life" – 34:08-10 References X Japan video albums 2003 video albums Live video albums X Japan live albums 2003 live albums Albums recorded at the Tokyo Dome
In graph theory, an adjacent vertex of a vertex in a graph is a vertex that is connected to by an edge. The neighbourhood of a vertex in a graph is the subgraph of induced by all vertices adjacent to , i.e., the graph composed of the vertices adjacent to and all edges connecting vertices adjacent to . The neighbourhood is often denoted or (when the graph is unambiguous) . The same neighbourhood notation may also be used to refer to sets of adjacent vertices rather than the corresponding induced subgraphs. The neighbourhood described above does not include itself, and is more specifically the open neighbourhood of ; it is also possible to define a neighbourhood in which itself is included, called the closed neighbourhood and denoted by . When stated without any qualification, a neighbourhood is assumed to be open. Neighbourhoods may be used to represent graphs in computer algorithms, via the adjacency list and adjacency matrix representations. Neighbourhoods are also used in the clustering coefficient of a graph, which is a measure of the average density of its neighbourhoods. In addition, many important classes of graphs may be defined by properties of their neighbourhoods, or by symmetries that relate neighbourhoods to each other. An isolated vertex has no adjacent vertices. The degree of a vertex is equal to the number of adjacent vertices. A special case is a loop that connects a vertex to itself; if such an edge exists, the vertex belongs to its own neighbourhood. Local properties in graphs If all vertices in G have neighbourhoods that are isomorphic to the same graph H, G is said to be locally H, and if all vertices in G have neighbourhoods that belong to some graph family F, G is said to be locally F. For instance, in the octahedron graph, shown in the figure, each vertex has a neighbourhood isomorphic to a cycle of four vertices, so the octahedron is locally C4. For example: Any complete graph Kn is locally Kn-1. The only graphs that are locally complete are disjoint unions of complete graphs. A Turán graph T(rs,r) is locally T((r-1)s,r-1). More generally any Turán graph is locally Turán. Every planar graph is locally outerplanar. However, not every locally outerplanar graph is planar. A graph is triangle-free if and only if it is locally independent. Every k-chromatic graph is locally (k-1)-chromatic. Every locally k-chromatic graph has chromatic number . If a graph family F is closed under the operation of taking induced subgraphs, then every graph in F is also locally F. For instance, every chordal graph is locally chordal; every perfect graph is locally perfect; every comparability graph is locally comparable; every (k)-(ultra)-homogeneous graph is locally (k)-(ultra)-homogeneous. A graph is locally cyclic if every neighbourhood is a cycle. For instance, the octahedron is the unique connected locally C4 graph, the icosahedron is the unique connected locally C5 graph, and the Paley graph of order 13 is locally C6. Locally cyclic graphs other than K4 are exactly the underlying graphs of Whitney triangulations, embeddings of graphs on surfaces in such a way that the faces of the embedding are the cliques of the graph. Locally cyclic graphs can have as many as edges. Claw-free graphs are the graphs that are locally co-triangle-free; that is, for all vertices, the complement graph of the neighbourhood of the vertex does not contain a triangle. A graph that is locally H is claw-free if and only if the independence number of H is at most two; for instance, the graph of the regular icosahedron is claw-free because it is locally C5 and C5 has independence number two. The locally linear graphs are the graphs in which every neighbourhood is an induced matching. The Johnson graphs are locally grid, meaning that each neighborhood is a rook's graph. Neighbourhood of a set For a set A of vertices, the neighbourhood of A is the union of the neighbourhoods of the vertices, and so it is the set of all vertices adjacent to at least one member of A. A set A of vertices in a graph is said to be a module if every vertex in A has the same set of neighbours outside of A. Any graph has a uniquely recursive decomposition into modules, its modular decomposition, which can be constructed from the graph in linear time; modular decomposition algorithms have applications in other graph algorithms including the recognition of comparability graphs. See also Markov blanket Moore neighbourhood Von Neumann neighbourhood Second neighborhood problem Vertex figure, a related concept in polyhedra Link (simplicial complex), a generalization of the neighborhood to simplicial complexes Notes References ; see in particular pp. 89–90 . . . . . . . Graph theory objects
The 2008–09 Women's CEV Cup was the 37th edition of the European Women's CEV Cup volleyball club tournament, the former Top Teams Cup. Teams of the 2008–2009 The number of participants on the basis of ranking list for European Cup Competitions Play-off 1/16 Finals 1st leg 4–6 November 2008 2nd leg 11–13 November 2008 The 16 winning teams from the 1/16 Finals will compete in the 1/8 Finals playing Home & Away matches. The losers of the 1/16 Final matches will qualify for the 3rd round of the Challenge Cup. 1/8 Finals 1st leg 9–11 December 2008 2nd leg 16–18 December 2008 1/4 Finals 1st leg 13–14 January 2009 2nd leg 20–21 January 2009 Final four Novara, 14 & 15 March 2009 Semi-finals March 14, 2009 |} 3rd Place March 15, 2009 |} Final March 15, 2009 |} Awards Winners: MVP: Cristina Barcellini (Asystel Novara) Best scorer: Seda Tokatlıoğlu (Fenerbahçe Acıbadem) Best server: Maria Duskryadchenko (Uralochka-NTMK Yekaterinburg) Best spiker: Katja Wühler (Rote Raben Vilsbiburg) Best blocker: Kun Feng (Asystel Novara) Best setter: Kun Feng (Asystel Novara) Best receiver: Valeriya Korotenko (Fenerbahçe Acıbadem) References External links CEV Cup 08-09 2008-09 CEV Cup CEV Cup
Signal operating instructions (SOI) or Communications-Electronics Operation Instructions (CEOI) are U.S. military terms for a type of combat order issued for the technical control and coordination of communications within a command. They include current and up-to-date information covering radio call signs and frequencies, a telephone directory, code-words (for rudimentary encryption), and visual and sound signals. A designated battalion signal officer prepares the battalion SOI in conformance with the SOI of higher headquarters. During operations, SOI are changed daily. Since the fielding of the SINCGARS system, however, the paper SOI has generally faded from Army use. Electronic SOI are now generated, distributed and loaded along with cryptographic keys. The title SOI was used until the early 1970s and it was changed to CEOI and then changed back to SOI in the 1980s. References External links Sample SOI, FM 11-1 Appendix C Key management Military radio systems Military terminology
Automatic milking is the milking of dairy animals, especially of dairy cattle, without human labour. Automatic milking systems (AMS), also called voluntary milking systems (VMS), were developed in the late 20th century. They have been commercially available since the early 1990s. The core of such systems that allows complete automation of the milking process is a type of agricultural robot. Automated milking is therefore also called robotic milking. Common systems rely on the use of computers and special herd management software. They can also be used to monitor the health status of cows. Automated milking Basics – milking process and milking schedules The milking process is the collection of tasks specifically devoted to extracting milk from an animal (rather than the broader field of dairy animal husbandry). This process may be broken down into several sub-tasks: collecting animals before milking, routing animals into the parlour, inspection and cleaning of teats, attachment of milking equipment to teats, and often massaging the back of the udder to relieve any held back milk, extraction of milk, removal of milking equipment, and routing of animals out of the parlour. Maintaining milk yield during the lactation period (approximately 300 days) requires consistent milking intervals, usually twice daily and with maximum time spacing between milkings. In fact, all activities on the dairy farm must be scheduled around the milking process. Such a milking routine imposes restrictions on the time management and personal life of an individual farmer, as the farmer is committed to milking in the early morning and in the evening for seven days a week, regardless of personal health, family responsibilities or social schedule. This time restriction is exacerbated for lone farmers and farm families if extra labour cannot easily or economically be obtained, and is a factor in the decline in small-scale dairy farming. Techniques such as once-a-day milking and voluntary milking (see below) have been investigated to reduce these time constraints. Automation progress in the 20th century To alleviate the labour involved in milking, much of the milking process has been automated during the 20th century: many farmers use semi-automatic or automatic cow traffic control (powered gates, etc.), the milking machine (a basic form was developed in the late 19th century) has entirely automated milk extraction, and automatic cluster removal is available to remove milking equipment after milking. Automatic teat spraying systems are available, however, there is some debate over the cleaning effectiveness of these. Machine milking works by using vacuum pressure to extract milk from cows. Specialized machines apply a steady vacuum to the cow's teat, gently sucking out the milk and transferring it to a container. Additionally, these machines periodically apply external pressure to the entire teat, which helps maintain proper blood circulation. The final manual labour tasks remaining in the milking process were cleaning and inspection of teats and attachment of milking equipment (milking cups) to teats. Automatic cleaning and attachment of milking cups is a complex task, requiring accurate detection of teat position and a dexterous mechanical manipulator. These tasks have been automated successfully in the voluntary milking system (VMS), or automatic milking system (AMS). Automatic milking systems (AMS) Since the 1970s, much research effort has been expended in investigating methods to alleviate time management constraints in conventional dairy farming, culminating in the development of the automated voluntary milking system. There is a video of the historical development of the milking robot at Silsoe Research Institute. Voluntary milking allows the cow to decide her own milking time and interval, rather than being milked as part of a group at set milking times. AMS requires complete automation of the milking process as the cow may elect to be milked at any time. The milking unit comprises a milking machine, a teat position sensor (usually a laser), a robotic arm for automatic teat-cup application and removal, and a gate system for controlling cow traffic. The cows may be permanently housed in a barn, and spend most of their time resting or feeding in the free-stall area. If cows are to be grazed as well, using a selection gate to allow only those cows that have been milked to the outside pastures has been advised by some AMS manufacturers. When the cow elects to enter the milking unit (due to highly palatable feed that she finds in the milking box), a cow ID sensor reads an identification tag (transponder) on the cow and passes the cow ID to the control system. If the cow has been milked too recently, the automatic gate system sends the cow out of the unit. If the cow may be milked, automatic teat cleaning, milking cup application, milking, and teatspraying takes place. As an incentive to attend the milking unit, concentrated feedstuffs needs to be fed to the cow in the milking unit. The barn may be arranged such that access to the main feeding area can only be obtained by passing the milking unit. This layout is referred to as guided cow traffic. Alternatively, the barn may be set up such that the cow always has access to feed, water, and a comfortable place to lie down, and is only motivated to visit the milking system by the palatable feed available there. This is referred to as free cow traffic. The innovative core of the AMS system is the robotic manipulator in the milking unit. This robotic arm automates the tasks of teat cleaning and milking attachment and removes the final elements of manual labour from the milking process. Careful design of the robot arm and associated sensors and controls allows robust unsupervised performance, such that the farmer is only required to attend the cows for condition inspection and when a cow has not attended for milking. Typical capacity for an AMS is 50–70 cows per milking unit. AMS usually achieve milking frequencies between 2 and 3 times per day, so a single milking unit handling 60 cows and milking each cow 3 times per day has a capacity of 7.5 cows per hour. This low capacity is convenient for lower-cost design of the robot arm and associated control system, as a window of several minutes is available for each cow and high-speed operation is not required. AMS units have been available commercially since the early 1990s, and have proved relatively successful in implementing the voluntary milking method. Much of the research and development has taken place in the Netherlands. The most farms with AMS are located in the Netherlands, and Denmark. A new variation on the theme of robotic milking includes a similar robotic arm system, but coupled with a rotary platform, improving the number of cows that can be handled per robot arm. A mobile variation of robotic milking, adapted to tie-stall configuration (stanchion barns), is used in Canada. In this configuration, the AMS travels in the centre isle of the barn approaching cows from behind to milk them in their stalls. A portable milking machine is an AMS on wheels. Portable milking machines have gained popularity with their low cost of installation and ability to take them neat to animals who cannot be taken to the barn to milk. However they are reliant on manual labour to do the milking and may not be suitable as the only method of milking in large farms. Advantages Elimination of labour - The farmer is freed from the milking process and associated rigid schedule, and labour is devoted to supervision of animals, feeding, etc. Milking consistency – The milking process is consistent for every cow and every visit, and is not influenced by different persons milking the cows. The four separate milking cups are removed individually, meaning that an empty quarter does not stay attached while the other three are finishing, resulting in less threat of injury. The newest models of automatic milkers can vary the pulsation rate and vacuum level based on milk flow from each quarter. Increased milking frequency – Milking frequency may increase to three times per day, however typically 2.5 times per day is achieved. This may result in less stress on the udder and increased comfort for the cow, as on average less milk is stored. Higher frequency milking increases milk yield per cow, however much of this increase is water rather than solids. Perceived lower stress environment – There is a perception that elective milking schedules reduce cow stress. Herd management – The use of computer control allows greater scope for data collection. Such data allows the farmer to improve management through analysis of trends in the herd, for example response of milk production to changes in feedstuffs. Individual cow histories may also be examined, and alerts set to warn the farmer of unusual changes indicating illness or injury. Information gathering provides added value for AMS, however correct interpretation and use of such information is highly dependent on the skills of the user or the accuracy of computer algorithms to create attention reports. Considerations and disadvantages Higher initial cost – AMS systems cost approximately €120,000 ($190,524) per milking unit as of 2003 (presuming barn space is already available for loose-stall housing). Equipment costs decreased from $175,000 for the first stall to $158,000. Equipment costs decreased from $10,000/stall for a double-six parlor to $9000/stall for a double-ten parlor with a cost of $1200/stall for pipeline milking. Initial parlor cost was increased $5000/stall to represent a high cost parlor. Whether it is economically beneficial to invest in an AMS instead of a conventional milking parlor depends on constructions costs, investments in the milking system and costs of labour. Besides costs of labour, the availability of labour should also be taken into account. In general, an AMS is economically beneficial for smaller scale farms, and large dairies can usually operate more cheaply with a milking parlor. Increased electricity costs - to operate the robots, but this can be more than outweighed by reduced labour input. Increased complexity – While complexity of equipment is a necessary part of technological advancement, the increased complexity of the AMS milking unit over conventional systems, increases the reliance on manufacturer maintenance services and possibly increasing operating costs. The farmer is exposed in the event of total system failure, relying on prompt response from the service provider. In practice AMS systems have proved robust and manufacturers provide good service networks. Because all milking cows have to visit the AMS voluntarily, the system requires a high quality of management. The system also involves a central place for the computer in the daily working routines. Difficult to apply in pasture systems – as a continuous animal presence is required for an optimal utilization of the AMS unit, AMS works at their best in zero-grazing systems, in which the cow is housed indoors for most of the lactation period. Zero-grazing suits areas (e.g., the Netherlands) where land is at a premium, as maximum land can be devoted to feed production which is then collected by the farmer and brought to the animals in the barn. In pasture systems, cows graze in fields and are required to walk to the milking parlour. It has been found that it can be challenging to make cows maintain a high milking frequency if the distance to walk between pasture and milking unit is too great. Maintaining production on pasture has, however, been shown to be possible in amongst others the AUTOGRASSMILK project. There are currently research projects at the Dexcel facility in New Zealand, University of Sydney's FutureDairy site, Michigan State University's Kellogg Biological Station and the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences's research facility Lövsta Livestock Research Center, where cattle are on pasture and milked by AMS. Lower milk quality –With automatic milking, the number of anaerobic spores, the freezing point increases, the frequency of milk quality failure almost doubles, which fully reflects the quality of milk caused by automatic milking. Although the automatic milking machine cleans the cow's teat and tests the pre-squeezed milk, there is still a phenomenon that the infected milk is not transferred, and the device itself is also lack of cleaning, and the milk is not handled properly. This situation was also confirmed in 2002 when investigating nearly 98 farms in Denmark with automatic milking systems. Bulk milk total bacteria count (BMTBC) and somatic cell count (BMSCC) are also affected by automatic milking. These two counts were studied when introducing an automatic milking system to cows that were previously milked conventionally. BMSCC was found to not significantly increase between pre and post-AMS installation but BMTBC was found to significantly increase in the first three months but then return to normal levels. BMSCC was found to significantly improve in the third year with respect to the pre-introduction level. Possible increase in stress for some cows – Cows are social animals, and it has been found that due to dominance of some cows, others will be forced to milk only at night. Such behaviour is inconsistent with the perception that AMS reduces stress by allowing "free choice" of milking time. Decreased contact between farmer and herd – Effective animal husbandry requires that the farmer be fully aware of herd condition. In conventional milking, the cows are observed before milking equipment is attached, and ill or injured cows can be earmarked for attention. Automatic milking decreases the time the farmer has such close contact with the animal, with the possibility that illness may go unnoticed for longer periods and both milk quality and cow welfare suffer. In practice, milk quality sensors at the milking unit attempt to detect changes in milk due to infection, and farmers inspect the herd frequently. (Farmers still need to provide bedding for the cows, provide reproductive health services, provide hoof care, feed them, and occasionally repair parts of the barn.) However this concern has meant that farmers are still tied to a seven-day schedule. Modern automatic milking systems attempt to rectify this problem by gathering data that would not be available in many conventional systems including milk temperature, milk conductivity, milk color including infrared scan, change in milking speed, change in milking time or milk letdown by quarter, cow's weight, cow's activity (movements), time spent ruminating, etc. Dependence on the robotics company – maintenance becomes significantly more time critical and may put the farmer at greater risk. For example, one farm in Estonia reported losses of over 1 million euros, when the robots from BouMatic Robotics performed below promised standards and the company failed to provide maintenance. Manufacturers GEA Farm Technologies (Germany, formerly WestfaliaSurge), MIone AMS Lely (Netherlands), Lely Astronaut AMS DeLaval (Sweden), DeLaval VMS Fullwood (UK), Merlin AMS Milkomax (Canada), Tie-Stall AMS SAC (Denmark), purchased the Dutch manufacturer of the Galaxy Robot AMS in 2005, sell under the brands SAC RDS Futureline MARK II, Insentec Galaxy Starline, BouMatic’s ProFlex BoumaticRobotics (NL), MR-S1, MR-D1 Prompt Softech (Ahmedabad, India) Manufacturer of Automatic Milk Collection System. ADF Milking (UK), Manufacturer of the Automatic Dipping and Flushing system. JSC Mototecha Lithuania, manufacturer of mobile milking parlour systems. See also Stranded asset Fermentation equipment Milk substitute Notes References EU project; Automatic Milking Hogeveen, H., W., et al., (2001), “Milking interval, milk production and milk flow-rate in an automatic milking system”, Livestock Production Science, Vol. 72, pp. 157–167. Hopster, H., et al., (2002), "Stress Responses during Milking; Comparing Conventional and Automatic Milking in Primiparous Dairy Cows", Journal of Dairy Science Vol. 85, pp. 3206–3216 Millar, K. M., (2000), "Respect for Animal Autonomy in Bioethical Analysis: The Case of Automatic Milking Systems (AMS)", Journal of Agricultural and Environmental Ethics, Springer, Netherlands, Vol. 12, No. 1, pp. 41–50 Rossing, W. and Hogewerf, P. H., (1997), “State of the art of automatic milking systems”, Computers and electronics in agriculture, Vol. 17, pp. 1–17 Schukken, Y.H., Hogeveen H., and Smink, B.J., (1999), "Robotic Milking and Milk Quality, Experiences From the Netherlands", National Mastitis Council Regional Meeting Proceedings 1999, pp. 64–69 External links (comment in Frisian) Milking machine manufacturers Cattle Dairy farming technology Agricultural robotics Milk fr:Machine à traire
is a psychological horror adventure game that was made with RPG Tsukūru 95 by Nishida Yoshitaka (西田好孝). The game was highly acclaimed in the Fourth ASCII Entertainment Software Contest, awarded a Grand Prix of 10,000,000 yen, which resulted in remaking the game for PlayStation by Enterbrain. That version, entitled Forget me not -Palette-, saw the release on April 26, 2001 exclusively in Japan. Gameplay In Palette, the player controls Dr. Shianosu B. Shian (シアノス・B・シアン), a renowned psychologist specializing in memory, and his patient, an amnesiac girl known only as "B.D." Communicating using the telephone in Shian's office, Shian guides B.D. as she explores a maze-like dreamscape of her traumatic memories. At first, each memory is missing crucial details, which are filled in as B.D. investigates the memory. As B.D. fills in her memories, new paths open in the dreamscape, allowing her to explore new memories. Some fragments of her memory are in hidden in the dreamscape and must be taken to the correct one. With each of these pieces B.D. discovers, the maximum length of a gauge on the right of the screen is increased by one. This gauge essentially represents her mental health. As she travels down paths of her memory and breaks down barriers, it decreases. If it reaches zero, she gets a painful headache and the telephone call ends. When Shian redials B.D., she must restart the journey from the first room, but the details in her memories she fills in, the fragments she collects, and the maximum length of her gauge are permanent. There are also circles of light in the dreamscape that recover B.D.'s gauge when she steps into them. These will usually only appear if her gauge is low enough, so in some cases the player must find a way to intentionally damage B.D. so that the circle will appear, allowing her to heal and make further progress. Some rooms also have hidden passageways that the player can discover. The other character, Dr. Shian, is trapped in his office, but can use his library and other objects in the room to gain new information about topics that B.D. remembers. Plot Shian is closing down his office for the night when a mysterious figure asks for his help. When Shian refuses, they shoot through his office door. Shian complies with the figure and is instructed to help B.D. over the telephone. B.D. is initially completely incapable of remembering anything at all. She doesn't know her own name, where she lives, the names of her family, or even if she has any family. She can't even remember her own face. She slowly begins to recall some details, but they are scattered across all periods of her life, and it is difficult to connect them logically or gain much meaning from them. Each memory is related to a traumatic moment of her life, which B.D. associates with the color red. The first memories seen are the last chronologically, and appear to be of a violent murder taking place in B.D.'s home. Earlier memories depict scenes from her young childhood, then of her life with a series of caretakers. B.D. slowly begins to be able to differentiate these caretakers, but still can't remember their names or faces. One of them, a woman with a red silhouette, is present in the murder memory. Even before losing her memory, B.D. struggled with horrible loneliness. Many of her memories are scenes of her isolated and alone. B.D. is very introspective, and often thinks about how many of the details in her memories (an empty birdcage, a lone apple separated from the rest, a toy telephone that can't call anyone, a clothing store display of a happy family of mannequins) ironically reflect on herself. Slowly B.D. and Shian begin to piece together fragments of her traumatic past. Two families, each horribly murdered, each with only the father and youngest daughter surviving. A strange city called Zebul (ゼブル). A drug that causes amnesia, and a society dedicated to the elimination of crime. Perhaps most interesting is a medical term, "Born of Disorder", which is abbreviated to B.D. As they make progress, Shian finds books containing relevant information, books that he can't remember ever owning. Slowly, he begins to find other details from B.D.'s dreams in his office. Scratches on his wall, a newspaper from a company that doesn't exist, and a music box. The more B.D. fills in the gaps in her memory, the more real her dreams feel, and the less real Shian's office feels. At one point, Shian discovers that his telephone line has been cut, but he is still able to call and help B.D. despite this. The two finally discover one of B.D.'s happy memories for the first time. It's her favorite television show, about a genius psychologist who goes on exciting adventures and helps people recover their memories. That psychologist's name is also Shianosu B. Shian, and the two both have the same face. The mysterious figure enters Shian's office, and it is revealed that the entire room is imaginary. The whole time B.D. has been pretending to be Shian as a way to deal with her trauma. She's been pretending to call herself on her toy telephone, and the room is full of details from her dreams because it is her room. The mysterious figure is revealed to be the same woman as the red silhouette, who worked for the anti-crime society that originally took away B.D.'s memories, which she has now betrayed. That society is now hunting both of them down; the woman for her betrayal, and B.D. because they believe she is destined to be a criminal, as well as for knowing too many of the society's secrets. Rather than give herself up and either have her memories taken away again or killed, B.D. resolves to run away with the woman. B.D. recovers one last memory, a truly happy moment of being held by her parents as a baby. Shian shares some closing thoughts with the audience, saying that all memories are worth keeping. A painful memory is just as important as the color red on a palette. References Adventure games RPG Maker games Video games developed in Japan Windows-only freeware games Windows games PlayStation_(console)_games Single-player video games
Scott Wilson (born November 26, 1969, in Vancouver) is a Canadian composer. He studied music and composition in Canada, the U.S., and Germany, and his teachers include Barry Truax, Wolfgang Rihm, Christos Hatzis, Gary Kulesha, Ron Kuivila, Alvin Lucier, Owen Underhill, Neely Bruce and David Gordon Duke. Since 2004 he has lived in Birmingham, UK, where he is Reader in Electronic Music and Director of Birmingham ElectroAcoustic Sound Theatre and the Electroacoustic Studios at the University of Birmingham. His works include pieces both for instrumental and electroacoustic forces. He is the Director of Birmingham ElectroAcoustic Sound Theatre, for which he has developed custom software, and an active developer of the SuperCollider computer music language. He was the lead editor of The SuperCollider Book published by MIT Press, was a co-author of Electronic Music with Nick Collins (composer) and Margaret Schedel published by Cambridge University Press, and has published in journals including Organised Sound and the Computer Music Journal. His music has been performed internationally, with performances at the Huddersfield Festival, the Mouvement Festival, the Trash Festival, Open Ears, the Inventionen Festival in Berlin, and the Cool Drummings Festival, and broadcast on CBC Radio 2, Radio France, Netherlands Concertzender, and BBC Radio 3. Works have been performed by Darragh Morgan, Esprit Orchestra, Birmingham Contemporary Music Group, and others, and has been recorded on labels including Edition RZ Diatribe Records and 326 music. Notable former students include Sergio Luque, Norah Lorway, Richard Bullen, Shelly Knotts, and Sam Pluta. External links Official site University of Birmingham Staff Page Canadian Music Centre Page University of Birmingham Electroacoustic Studios References 21st-century classical composers Canadian classical composers Living people 1969 births Canadian male classical composers 21st-century Canadian male musicians Live coding
This list contains video games created for the monochrome TRS-80 computers. Model I and III References External links Big Five Software History The Tandy Color Computer Game List TRS-80 games
Rae Assist was a software developed and distributed by Rae Technology from 1993 to 1995. Rae Assist (or shortly "Assist") was one of the first Personal Information Managers (PIM) and available for Apple Macintosh. Origin At the core of Rae Assist was a technology that a group of Apple employees had developed under the direction of Samir Arora. The so-called SOLO (Structure of Linked Objects) architecture was an object-oriented application framework, which could work with a variety of databases, including 4th Dimension and SQL databases, as well as communication-based services like e-mail. After Samir Arora founded Rae Technology in 1992 as a spin-off from Apple Computer, the first release of Rae Assist was due in 1993. Release history Rae Assist 1.0 and 1.02 In 1993 Rae Assist 1.0 was released, followed shortly by release 1.0.2 at the beginning of the year 1994. Rae Assist 1.0.2 combined several functions in one program and automatically linked contact and company information. The usage of 5 MB disk space and a minimum of 2.5 MB RAM were seen as cons at the time. A review in MacWorld found Rae Assist "innovative" but "too slow". Rae Assist 1.0.2 came with combined contact management, scheduling, and note taking. It used the 4th Dimension database engine and was targeted at PowerBook users. It had a list price of US$199. Rae Assist 1.5 With the release of Rae Assist 1.5 in 1995 Rae Technology addressed performance issues and improved some features. Rae Assist 2.0 Rae Assist 2.0 was scheduled to be released in the 4th quarter of 1995. It was rewritten in PowerMac code and "smaller and faster, coming in under 1.5 MB with a launch time of 3 seconds". Colour, windows resizing and floating palettes were also introduced. Also in 1995 and as a cooperation with CE Software Rae Technology had started an application called DayAssist to integrate Assist into QuickMail. NetObjects Fusion Rae Assist 2.0 was the last release and Rae Technology was soon to close its doors as a software vendor. The Personal Information Manager market was emerging yet small with competitors like Symantec and Lotus. Samir Arora, his brother Sal Arora and David Kleinberg, who ran Rae Technology, saw the World Wide Web on the rise. Together with Clement Mok they founded NetObjects, Inc. in 1995 to market one of the first web site building tools, NetObjects Fusion, which also should rely on the SOLO framework. References Personal information managers Classic Mac OS software
Prevx is a discontinued anti-malware utility. There are separate real-time and on-demand versions. It can remove low-risk adware for free, but the user has to purchase and enter a license key if it is more serious. Scanning can take anywhere from less than two minutes to five minutes. Reception Tony Zaitoun, of About.com, liked the utility except that he had some confusion about configuring the interface and that key protection was disabled by default. The issue referenced has since been corrected. Awards Editors' Choice by PC Magazine Platinum & Standard Checkmark by West Coast Labs History Prevx Limited was formed in March 2001 in the UK and registered under the name “Immunify”, changing its name to “TrustCorps” later that year and finally re-branded as “Prevx” in 2003. The founder team was led by Nick Ray as CEO and Paul Stubbs as COO. Originally positioned as a Host Intrusion Prevention System, the company's initial software product was designed to protect UNIX / Linux servers from advanced malware threats without reliance on malware signatures, thus providing protection from unknown or “Zero-Day” threats. The software was positioned the last line of defence against threats that had bypassed or overcome firewall, network security and any installed anti-virus or other host-based protection systems. This early product monitored the behaviour of executables in real-time and would block system calls that breached its rules, thus providing protection. It offered protection against buffer overflow attacks and could successfully detect rootkits that attempted to hide themselves in memory or on disk. At the end of 2002, the company received investment from South East Growth Fund and in early 2003 from private investors through an angel network, Hotbed. In 2003, the company rebranded to Prevx and in June 2004 launched its first product for the Windows platform, “Prevx Home - Beta”, offered as a freeware download. Prevx Home 1.0 (also free) followed in September 2004. Prevx Home 2.0 launched in October 2004 and incorporated functionality to report the security events it detected to a central database, operated by Prevx, which would allow Prevx to monitor new virus outbreaks and detect and block spyware. By the end of 2004, 6 months after launching, over 1m copies of Prevx had been downloaded. Subsequent versions included Prevx 3.0, Prevx Edge and Prevx CSI. Controversy Prevx stirred up controversy amongst the internet communities when they announced on November 27, 2009 that a recent Windows update was causing a "Black Screen of Death", affecting users of Windows XP, Vista and 7. They claimed this bug rendered the machine unusable. It was later discovered that the black screen was caused by a malware infection (with Daonol), unrelated to the Windows update. Prevx then apologized for its earlier claims. Acquisition In 2005, Prevx was acquired in an all share offer by Retento Limited, an investment vehicle owned by serial entrepreneur Mel Morris, who had joined the Prevx board in June 2003 and was an investor in Prevx introduced by Hotbed. Retento was subsequently renamed Prevx Group Limited. In November 2010, Prevx was acquired by US-based Internet security company Webroot. The full conditions of the deal were not released but the announcement was made that Webroot will fully integrate Prevx's behaviour-based antivirus technology into their existing software and also make Mel Morris, founder and chief executive of Prevx Group, the vice president of Webroot's Prevx division. Webroot has since discontinued the Prevx product line although the technology and concepts continue to underpin Webroot products. References Windows security software Antivirus software
The Apple Developer Tools are a suite of software tools from Apple to aid in making software dynamic titles for the macOS and iOS platforms. The developer tools were formerly included on macOS install media, but are now exclusively distributed over the Internet. As of macOS 10.12, Xcode is available as a free download from the Mac App Store. Applications Applet Launcher A graphical interface for JavaScript's Plug-in, which aids developers by demonstrating how Java applets perform on macOS. Provides tools to adjust the performance, behavior and user experience in applets in development. Audio Unit Lab A graphic presentation of audio units helping software developers to examine their results in decibels. AU Lab can be used to test audio units, conduct live mixing, and playback of audio content. Audio units are controlled visually with the audio unit’s graphic interface and touch screen. Computer Hardware Understanding Development Tools A set of software tools, collectively Computer Hardware Understanding Development Tools (CHUD Tools) measure software performance on macOS, to aid in optimizing. Also provides hardware system benchmarks. Core Image Fun House Used in testing Core Image units, which function similar to Adobe Photoshop filters. Each has a specific action, with parameters customize the action. Showcases Core Image, a technology introduced in Mac OS X 10.4, supported by newer graphic hardware. CrashReporterPrefs A developer utility for setting report parameters for Apple's Crash Reporter application. Basic: Shows a dialog asking the user what to do. Developer: Provides additional debug info and automatically shows the mail to Apple window. Server: Runs silent, but keeps all the logs. None: Disables the dialog prompt. Crash reports are neither displayed nor logged. FileMerge A staple of macOS's developer tools since the days of NeXTSTEP, FileMerge graphically compares two or more versions of a file. True to its name, FileMerge allows the user to easily merge the two or more versions into one file. The utility is often used to track changes to source code. macOS's command provides the ability to launch FileMerge from the command line. The parameter can be used for three-way merging. Help Indexer Creates an index file for the macOS built-in Help Viewer. icns Browser Views the resources for an .icns file, displaying the Mini, Small, Large, Huge, Thumbnail & Tile sizes in all color depths and masks. Icon Composer Icon Composer was an icon editor that does not have any editing features other than composing Apple Icon Image files and Windows ICO files. External editors must do all the image manipulation, then the results may be imported into the converter to create the finished icon. As of Xcode 8.2, Icon Composer is no longer available in Additional Tools, as it cannot create high resolution icons. Apple recommends using the command-line utility iconutil, which ships with macOS. Instruments Instruments is a GUI for tracing framework DTrace from Sun's OpenSolaris. It is used to profile time usage, memory allocations, system activity, call trace analysis, GPU performance analysis, energy logging (on iOS devices) etc. Jar Bundler Java tool that aids in packaging an application’s component files into a single double-clickable application. Properties can be modified to optimize the code. MallocDebug Assistance for assessing memory usage and detecting memory leaks in programs. Assesses an application's memory usage by monitoring a user as they interact with an application, which allows MallocDebug to build a memory profile that unfortunately is limited in size. OpenGL Driver Monitor Real time access to the inner workings of the graphics processing unit. Runs locally or over a network using Bonjour which is less likely to interfere with the statistics it is gathering with the exception of some disk fragmentation devices. OpenGL Profiler This tool assists developers in debugging and optimizing OpenGL usage under macOS. Supported features: Launch or attach to an application Breakpoints and execution control Error detection including thread safety checks Scripts Buffer views Resource viewing/editing Statistics gathering OpenGL call traces with stack traces and timings OpenGL Shader Builder An integrated environment to develop and debug OpenGL GPU programs (Shaders) under macOS. Features supported by OpenGL Shader Builder: Realtime entry Preview window with shaders applied to a textured plane, sphere or teapot Example shaders Syntax checking Debugging and analysis of vertex / fragment programs Export to Xcode One notable feature is 'Export to Xcode'. A sample Xcode project is created with C source code to initialize OpenGL (using the GLUT library) and run the shader program. Note that this program is no longer recommended for editing GLSL shaders as "GLSLEditorSample," available as an example program, is generally regarded as superior. PackageMaker Creates application .pkg installer bundles for installing applications using the Installer application. Pixie A magnifying glass application for magnifying small sections of the computer's screen, centered around the mouse cursor, giving the user a detailed view of the screen, as well as the pixel coordinates of the mouse. Provides several levels of zoom, "locking" the image under the mouse for closer examination, and saves the magnified image one of several formats. Helps ensure visual elements are aligned precisely. Property List Editor Edits application preference plist files. As of Xcode 4, Property List Editor is no longer included as a separate application and all editing of plist files is done within Xcode. The last stand-alone version was version 5.3 in Xcode 3.2.6. Quartz Composer A visual programming language for processing and rendering data. Using OpenGL, Core Image, Core Video, and other technologies to build an API and serves as a simple visual programming paradigm. Quartz Composer is a core technology of the macOS. Quartz Composer creations work in any QuickTime-aware application (beginning with Mac OS X 10.4), from the Quartz Composer application, or embedded into Cocoa or Carbon applications. Quartz Composer has many similarities to Max/MSP although its primary usage is for graphical rather than audio processing. Offers the ability to construct interactive video compositions that react to audio or MIDI signals and can be played from any QuickTime aware application. Pierre-Olivier Latour originally developed the predecessor to Quartz Composer under the name PixelShox Studio. A resurgence in interest in Quartz Composer has come about, as the Facebook design team has been showcasing their utilization of the program to prototype interactions that they couldn't have otherwise depicted with flat mockups in Photoshop. Repeat After Me Optimizes the performance of the built-in text-to-speech software for macOS. Tests the operating system's phonemic translation engine, creates graphs of the generated tone, to visually adjust the intonation, and records samples for reference. Shark Shark is a profiler, used by software developers to optimize software programs on macOS. It samples software at set time intervals (or driven by hardware performance monitors events) taking snapshots of the stack, showing the functions which require more of the application’s resources. Includes tools to analyze the data produced by a sampling run. Since Mac OS X 10.7, it is not on the Apple site any more and was replaced by Instruments. Spin Control Spin Control is a performance tool used for monitoring hang activity in software programs. The program gets its name from the spinning pinwheel on macOS. Discontinued as of Xcode 4.2. Thread Viewer Thread Viewer is a performance tool which graphically displays activity across a range of threads. It provides color-coded time-line views of thread activity and can display backtraces of activity at specific points in time. It was merged in Instruments app, and can be accessed via "System Trace" instrument. Xcode Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE) for macOS containing a suite of software development tools developed by Apple for developing software for macOS, iOS, iPadOS, watchOS, and tvOS. Xcode supports developing source code for the programming languages C, C++, Objective-C, Objective-C++, Java, AppleScript, Python, Ruby, ResEdit (Rez), and Swift, with a variety of programming models, including but not limited to Cocoa, Carbon, and Java. References External links – official site at Apple Inc. MacOS programming tools
DOCS (Display Operator Console Support) was a software package for IBM mainframes by CFS Inc., enabling access to the system console using 3270-compatible terminals. Computer operators communicated with IBM mainframe computers using an electro-mechanical typewriter-like console that came standard on most IBM 360 and 370 computer, except a few upper end models that offered video consoles and the Model 20 which came standard without a console. The majority of smaller and less expensive IBM 360s and 370s came equipped with these ruggedized Selectric keyboard devices. The Selectric was a major step up from the teletypes (TTY) associated with Unix and smaller systems, but still clunky. The video consoles provided with certain models were not considered particularly user friendly, and they ignored two thirds of IBM's mainframe market, DOS and its VSE descendants. DOCS replaced or supplanted the typewriter interface with a video screen. In practice, it worked a little like present-day instant messenger programs (ICQ, QQ, AIM, Adium, iChat, etc.), with a data entry line at the bottom and messages scrolling in real time up the screen. The commands were otherwise identical. DOCS was available for DOS, DOS/VS, DOS/VSE, and came packaged with third party operating systems, such as EDOS from The Computer Software Company, later acquired by Nixdorf. Platforms Software The product ran under several DOS-related platforms: DOS/VS DOS/VSE DOS, modified EDOS vDOS Hardware Several vendors offered DOCS as part of their OS: Amdahl Fujitsu Hitachi Magnuson RCA Development DOCS was developed by CFS, Inc. of Brookline, Massachusetts at the Kayser-Roth data center in Whitman, Massachusetts. Dick Goran wrote the video interface. Leigh Lundin wrote the operating system interface and transcript recorder. Fx DOCS required a dedicated partition. With DOS having only three partitions and DOS/VS seven, giving up a partition to DOCS placed a crimp in practicability. Leigh Lundin designed Fx, a pseudo-partition that relieved the user from relinquishing a working partition. Fx appeared in the DOS/VS version of SDI's Grasp as F0. Marketing DOCS was sold in North America by CFS, Inc, Brookline, Ma. For overseas sales, CFS engaged in both mail order and local vendors. The product was also embedded in third party operating system packages, such as EDOS and vDOS. References Device drivers IBM mainframe software
KGROUP is an international company founded by Joseph Ichame Kamach in 1972. KGROUP deeply rooted in Central African Republic. The group, led by Yvon Kamach today is the largest private employer in the country and continues to expand across four areas: exploitation / industry and services / distribution / real estate. KGROUP is a company in the Central African Republic, first private employer. The group included in four clusters: BU Exploitation (Wood, Gold, Diamonds)- K Timber (Société Centrafricaine d'Agriculture et de Déroulage) > SCAD Wood - K Mines (Khordia) - K Mining (Goodspeed) BU Distribution - Dameca - K Mat > furniture kits, electrician's supplies, household hardware, plumbing supplies, pool supplies, construction materials, etc. - K Market > supermarket, foods - K Bois BU Industrie/Service - K Service > maintenance, engineering... - K Menuiserie BU Immobilier/Real Estate - Kamach Promotion Immobilière - SCI Kamach fils Golf de Bangui - golf course, golf shop Currently, it is redefining its structure and strategic positioning to better serve not only the Central African Republic, but also the Central African region. Companies of the Central African Republic
WMQ may refer to: The William and Mary Quarterly, a quarterly history journal in the United States IBM WebSphere MQ, a family of network communication software products launched by IBM
A Local Community Team, or LoCo Team, is a group of local Linux advocates. The main focus of a LoCo team is to advocate the use of the Linux operating system as well as the use of open source/free software products. Ubuntu & LoCos The Ubuntu OS receives the credit for the promotion of the use of LoCos. They provide an assortment of materials and media to help each LoCo with their goals. Approved LoCo Teams New LoCo Teams Cyprus See also Linux User Group Ubuntu Community Council Jono Bacon -- Ubuntu Community Manager External links Ubuntu LoCo List Ubuntu LoCo Main Ubuntu LoCo Howto Ubuntu LoCo FAQ Ubuntu LoCo List (Wiki) Ubuntu tries to go LoCo in all 50 states Linux user groups ru:Группа пользователей Linux#LoCo
David Sparks Evans (born 1954) is an American economist specializing in antitrust and two-sided markets. He is the chairman of Global Economics, Inc., and founding editor of Competition Policy International. He teaches at the University College London, where he is the co-executive director of the Jevons Institute for Competition Law and Economics, and at the University of Chicago Law School. Previously, Evans was founder of Market Platform Dynamics and the former head of the global competition policy practice at LECG, LLC. He previously taught at the department of economics and law school at Fordham University. Evans focuses on business strategy and competition policy particularly in high-technology and multi-sided platform businesses, such as payments, software, and digital media. His most recent book is Catalyst Code (with Richard L. Schmalensee), which deals with the management problems faced by multi-sided businesses. Evans is also Editor-In-Chief for FinReg21. Work with eSapience In the mid-2000s, Evans and his wife, Karen L. Webster, were chairman and managing director respectively, of the now defunct eSapience public relations firm of Cambridge, Massachusetts. Karen Webster also is the founder of pymnts.com. An article on boston.com on March 10, 2007, quotes eSapience's website, which was live at the time, as describing itself as '"not merely a public relations firm, but a "new media and research entity that shapes the debate on issues that intersect law, economics, and policy" through "a global network of academics and other public intellectuals."' One of eSapience's clients was Maurice "Hank" Greenberg, former president of the American International Group (AIG), who was forced out as chairman and chief executive in 2005 by AIG's directors. The directors did this after then Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of New York brought charges of fraud and other violations against Greenberg. eSapience was hired by Greenberg to create a branding campaign for him. On March 10, 2007, the Boston Globe reported on the lawsuit that eSapience filed against Greenberg's company, New York investment firm C.V. Starr & Co., for allegedly refusing to pay $2 million in bills from the image campaign for which eSapience was hired. Several other publications covered the legal dispute, focusing on the ethical use of academics, such as Evans and Richard Schmalensee, dean of MIT's Sloan School of Management, in this rebranding campaign. On March 12, 2007, The New Republic reported on the lawsuit, with the subheadline: "How a shady, right-wing p.r. firmed tried to buy academic influence." Other media outlets, such as The Financial Times, the Daily Kos, HCRenewal Blog, Harper's Magazine on Washington, to name a few, covered the issue. Education Evans received his B.A., M.A., and Ph.D. (1983) in Economics from The University of Chicago. Bibliography Lightening Up on Market Definition,” in E. Elhauge, ed., Research Handbook on the Economics of Antitrust Law (New York: Edward Elgar, forthcoming 2011). The Effect of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2009 on Consumer Credit,” Loyola Consumer Law Review, 2010. "The Online Advertising Industry: Economics, Evolution, and Privacy,” Journal of Economic Perspectives, Summer 2009. "Markets with Two-Sided Platforms,” Issues in Competition Law and Policy (ABA Section of Antitrust Law), Vol. 1, Chapter 28, 2008, with Richard Schmalensee. "Antitrust Issues Raised by the Emerging Global Internet Economy," Northwestern University Law Review, Vol. 102, No. 4, p. 285, Colloquy Essay, 2008. "The Role of Cost in Determining When Firms Offer Bundles and Ties,” Journal of Industrial Economics, Vol. 56, Issue 1, March 2008 with Michael A. Salinger. Evans, David S.; Trustbusters: Competition Policy Authorities Speak Out, Boston, MA: Competition Policy International, 2009. Evans, David S. and Richard Schmalensee; Catalyst Code: The Strategies Behind the World's Most Dynamic Companies. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard Business School Press, 2007. Evans, David S., “The Antitrust Economics of Multi-Sided Platform Markets”, Yale Journal on Regulation vol. 20, no. 2 (2003): 325-381. Evans, David S. and Richard Schmalensee. Paying with Plastic: The Digital Revolution in Buying and Borrowing, 2nd ed. Cambridge, Massachusetts: MIT Press, 2005. Evans, David S., Andrei Hagiu, and Richard Schmalensee; Invisible Engines: How Software Platforms Drive Innovation and Transform Industries. Cambridge, Massachusetts: MIT Press, 2006. References External links https://davidsevans.org http://www.marketplatforms.com http://www.competitionpolicyinternational.com 1954 births Living people 21st-century American economists University of Chicago alumni
mintty is a free and open source terminal emulator for Cygwin, the Unix-like environment for Windows. It features a native Windows user interface and does not require a display server; its terminal emulation is aimed to be compatible with xterm. Mintty is based on the terminal emulation and Windows frontend parts of PuTTY, but improves on them in a number of ways, particularly regarding xterm compatibility. It is written in C. The POSIX API provided by Cygwin is used to communicate with processes running within mintty, while its user interface is implemented using the Windows API. The program icon comes from KDE's Konsole. Towards the end of 2011, mintty became Cygwin's default terminal. Advantages over Cygwin's previous default console include a more flexible user interface and closer adherence to Unix standards and conventions. Since it is not based on the standard Windows console, however, programs written specifically for that do not work correctly in mintty. It is also available for MSYS (a more minimal Unix environment forked from Cygwin). Originally, the project's name was styled "MinTTY", following the example of PuTTY, but it was later restyled to "mintty", which was felt to better suit the project's minimalist approach. References External links Free software programmed in C Free terminal emulators
O-Matrix is a matrix programming language for mathematics, engineering, science, and financial analysis, marketed by Harmonic Software. The language is designed for use in high-performance computing. O-Matrix provides an integrated development environment and a matrix-based scripting language. The environment includes mathematical, statistical, engineering and visualization functions. The set of analysis functions is designed for development of complex, computationally intensive scientific, mathematical and engineering applications. The integrated environment provides a mode that is largely compatible with version 4 of the MATLAB language in the commercial product from MathWorks. Certain features of MATLAB, such as non-numeric data types (structures, cell arrays and objects), error handling with try/catch, and nested and anonymous functions, are missing in O-Matrix. The O-Matrix environment includes a virtual machine of the O-Matrix language to enable re-distribution of applications. External links Array programming languages Numerical programming languages
XMTC (for explicit multi-threading C) is a shared-memory parallel programming language. It is an extension of the C programming language which strives to enable easy PRAM-like programming based on the explicit multi-threading paradigm. It is developed as part of the XMT PRAM-On-Chip vision by a research team at the University of Maryland, College Park, led by Dr. Uzi Vishkin. The philosophy of XMTC and the whole XMT project is that parallel programming is a hard intellectual task and the approach of building a hardware system first and then figuring out how to program them has not had much success. For that reason a robust algorithmic theory and a reasonably easy hardware abstraction should be the specifications that guide how to build a new parallel architecture and programming language. For parallel algorithms the algorithmic theory that has the largest body of literature is called PRAM (parallel random-access machine ). This is not a coincidence, since PRAM is a natural way in which to think algorithmically in parallel. In the early 1990s the PRAM model was deemed unrealistic because the hardware abstraction it was based on could not be implemented (because of low inter-chip bandwidth and high latency). Now that multiple processors can be put on a single chip, these limitations are no longer present. The XMT architecture takes advantage of this excess on-chip real estate to implement a PRAM abstraction. The XMTC language is a modest extension of C and a work in progress. The basic premise is that the programmer is responsible for exposing all the available parallelism. While this sounds simple and many earlier approaches share this ideal, in practice, if the programmer defines too large a number of parallel tasks and the tasks are short, the program will perform very poorly. The way around that is to combine short parallel tasks into a longer one, which is usually the responsibility of the programmer. In XMTC it is possible for the language to do that automatically, lifting the burden from the programmer. Software release of XMTC: PRAM-like programming allows experimenting with XMTC programming on standard computers. Concurrent programming languages C programming language family
John Riccitiello () is an American business executive. Previously, he served as chief executive officer, chief operating officer and president of Unity Technologies, Electronic Arts, and co-founded private equity firm Elevation Partners in 2004. Riccitiello has served on several company boards, including those of the Entertainment Software Association, the Entertainment Software Rating Board, the Haas School of Business and the USC School of Cinematic Arts. Early life and education John Riccitiello was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. He earned his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of California, Berkeley's Haas School of Business in 1981. Career Early in his career, Riccitiello worked at Clorox and PepsiCo, and served as managing director of the Häagen-Dazs division of Grand Metropolitan. He was named president and chief executive officer (CEO) of Wilson Sporting Goods, as well as chairman of MacGregor Golf, in late 1993. He then served as president and CEO of Sara Lee Corporation's Sara Lee Bakery Worldwide unit, from March 1996 to September 1997. Riccitiello joined video game company Electronic Arts (EA) in October 1997, initially serving as president and chief operating officer until 2004. He left the company to co-found and serve as partner of Elevation Partners, a private equity firm specializing in entertainment and media businesses, along with Roger McNamee and Bono. Riccitiello returned to EA to serve as CEO from February 2007 to March 2013, when the board of directors accepted his resignation because of the company's financial performance. Following EA, he worked as an advisor to startup companies and became an early investor in Oculus VR. Riccitiello became the CEO of Unity Technologies in late 2014, having previously consulted for and joined the technology company's board in November 2013. During his tenure, he has overseen two fundraising rounds, raising $181 million in 2016 and $400 million in 2017. He has also worked to get Unity's game engine into Oculus's software development kit. Riccitiello has led efforts to develop the use of Unity's software tools beyond gaming, in industries such as automotive design, construction, and filmmaking. On October 9, 2023, Unity announced that Riccitiello would be leaving the company amid controversy, appointing Jim Whitehurst as interim CEO and president. Board service Riccitiello chaired the Entertainment Software Association and Entertainment Software Rating Board during the early 2010s. He has served on the Haas School of Business' board, as well as the Board of Councilors for the University of Southern California's USC School of Cinematic Arts. Recognition Riccitiello was ranked number 39 on Sports Illustrated 2013 list of the "50 Most Powerful People in Sports". Litigation On 5 June 2019, Anne Evans, formerly vice-president in human resources for Unity Technologies, filed a sexual harassment and wrongful termination lawsuit against the company, stating that Riccitiello sexually harassed her. Unity Technologies responded that Evans' allegations were false and that she had been terminated due to misconduct and lapse in judgment. On September 10, 2019, the Superior Court of California issued a court order granting Unity’s motion to compel arbitration and stay all proceedings. Personal life Riccitiello has two daughters, a step-son, a step-daughter and has lived in various cities for work, including the U.S. cities of Birmingham, Alabama, Chicago, New York City, and San Francisco, as well as Düsseldorf, London, Nicosia, and Paris. He has been described as "politically active", and donated to Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. Riccitiello delivered a commencement speech at his alma mater in 2011. References Further reading 1950s births American chief executives of food industry companies American chief executives of manufacturing companies American chief operating officers American company founders American technology chief executives Electronic Arts employees Haas School of Business alumni Living people People from Erie, Pennsylvania PepsiCo people Video game businesspeople
Frederic Crockett Billingsley (23 July 1921 – 31 May 2002) was an American engineer, who spent most of his career developing techniques for digital image processing in support of American space probes to the moon, to Mars, and to other planets. Billingsley published two papers in 1965 using the word pixel, and may have been the first to publish that neologism for picture element. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, and died in Great Falls, Montana. Image processing contributions Billingsley was one of the pioneers of digital image processing mentioned in "THE BEST OF NASA'S SPINOFFS," which says: There also was a need for hardware to record both analog video and digital images on film. No suitable commercial hardware existed, so JPL's Fred Billingsley designed a system called the Video Film Converter (VFC). Built for JPL by Link General Precision, the VFC was used in the 1970s for image playback of the striking pictures returned by the planetary missions of the unmanned Mariner spacecraft. The JPL document "Overview of VICAR" shows that Billingsley did software as well as hardware: The VICAR image processing language was defined by JPL employees Stan Bressler, Howard Frieden and Fred Billingsley, and implemented in 1966 at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory to process image data produced by the planetary exploration program. References External links Pixel History talk dedicated to Fred Billingsley 1921 births 2002 deaths American electrical engineers 20th-century American engineers
Bugaboo (The Flea), later published in Spain as La Pulga, is a video game written by the Spanish programming duo Paco Portalo and Paco Suarez for the ZX Spectrum and published by Quicksilva in 1983. It was later released for the Commodore 64 and MSX were produced. The Amstrad CPC port was published under the name Roland in the Caves using the Roland character. Bugaboo, besides being the first video game made in Spain, is one of the first computer games to include cutscenes. Its publication marked the beginning of the Golden Era of Spanish Software. A sequel was released in Spain by Opera Soft under the title Poogaboo, made by Paco Suarez. Paco Portalo, the other member of Paco & Paco, left the project after the publication of the original game for the ZX Spectrum. The player takes control of a flea who has fallen into a cavern and must escape. Gameplay The game begins with an animation depicting Bugaboo, a small, yellow creature with two extremely long legs, jumping around on a colourful planet before accidentally falling through a crack in the planet's surface and falling to the bottom of a cavern. The player must control Bugaboo and guide him back to the top of the cavern, and out to the safety of the planet's surface. There are only two control keys: left and right. When a key is held down a gauge at the bottom of the screen begins to fill up. When the key is released, Bugaboo will jump in that direction, with the strength of the jump being determined by how long the key was held down. The cavern is made up of various rocky ledges which Bugaboo may land on; however he can only stand on a flat area and, if a jump is mistimed, Bugaboo may end up on an angled area of rock, or miss the ledge altogether, which will cause him to fall straight down, landing on whatever is below. Bugaboo can fall from any distance without dying. The only way to lose a life is for Bugaboo to make contact with the large, yellow dragon which wanders around the cave. Bugaboo can escape the dragon by carefully leaping away, or by taking refuge inside one of the smaller caverns that are located around the play area. Reception Reviews were overwhelmingly positive, with CRASH giving the game 92%, Computer and Video Games awarding it 8/10 and their Game of the Month and Personal Computer Games giving it 7/10. CRASH said that "Bugaboo is a high quality arcade standard game, and it's highly addictive too. This game will definitely be a top seller!" while Personal Computer Games said that "...if you like a challenge, then this is it. Be patient though. It's not that easy to get back to the top." and Computer and Video Games praised the game's "Breath-taking graphics" and "perfect animation" and decided that "... a fresh and original approach to game design have been combined to produce yet another top rate game." Tony Hetherington of Computer Gamer magazine included the game in "The Spectrum Collection" - "15 classic games that all Spectrum owners should have". Bugaboo reached number 3 in the Spectrum Top 10 charts compiled by WH Smith behind Lunar Jetman and Durell's Jungle Trouble. In 1984 the game reached number 2 in the Commodore 64 charts compiled by Boots the Chemist, kept off the number 1 position by Manic Miner and Crazy Kong. Amsoft's version, Roland in the Caves, reached number 4 in the Amstrad chart later in the year. In January 1984 it appeared in the TOP 20 of Your Computer magazine. Legacy Bugaboo (The Flea) was one of the first home computer games to a contain cutscene. It was also one of the first games to measure the player's time to completion. The game's popularity spawned the creation of a book in 2009 entitled Bugaboo, un hito en la Historia del software español by Francisco Portalo Calero (i.e., Paco Portalo, one of the original authors of the game) and published by Universidad de Extremadura, which is available online. References External links Bugaboo, un hito en la historia del Software Español (Spanish, 2009) 1983 video games Platformers ZX Spectrum games MSX games Commodore 64 games Roland in the Caves Quicksilva games Video games about insects Video games developed in Spain Single-player video games
Swedish Universities Scales of Personality (SSP) is a personality test based on the older Karolinska Scales of Personality (KSP). It is originally in Swedish but has been translated to English. The personality profile is presented in t-score (mean 50 and standard deviation 10). Both the SSP questionnaire and the scoring algorithm is free of charge. Personality dimensions SSP includes 91 items and yields 13 personality scales: Somatic trait anxiety Psychic trait anxiety Stress susceptibility Lack of assertiveness Impulsiveness Adventure Seeking Detachment Social Desirability Embitterment Trait Irritability Mistrust Verbal trait aggression Physical trait aggression References See also Revised NEO Personality Inventory Temperament and Character Inventory Personality tests
Holy Trinity Anglican Church is a historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located on the banks of the Churchill River in Stanley Mission, a community in the Lac La Ronge First Nation and Lac La Ronge Provincial Park in Saskatchewan, Canada. History Designed by the Rev. Robert Hunt, an English missionary who founded Stanley Mission in 1851 with the permission of the Hudson's Bay Company, it was built between 1854 and 1860 by local Cree craftsmen using locally cut lumber as well as hardware and stained glass that Hunt had brought from England. The church was at one time the centre of an active missionary complex that included nearly 30 supporting buildings and a cemetery. It is currently the oldest standing building in Saskatchewan. Although not the seat of a bishop, it has been called a cathedral because of its massive size with a tall central nave and elaborate spire. Holy Trinity Anglican Church was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1970. It is also a provincially registered historic site as designated by the government of Saskatchewan on August 26, 1981. A ceremony celebrating the church's 150th anniversary was held on June 10, 2010. References External links Stanley Mission Church Historical Sketch of the Diocese of Saskatchewan Lac La Ronge Provincial Park Anglican church buildings in Saskatchewan Carpenter Gothic church buildings in Saskatchewan Historic buildings and structures in Saskatchewan National Historic Sites in Saskatchewan Churches completed in 1860 19th-century Anglican church buildings in Canada Churches on the National Historic Sites of Canada register
The K-NFB Reader (an acronym for Kurzweil — National Federation of the Blind Reader) is a handheld electronic reading device for the blind. It was developed in a partnership between Ray Kurzweil and National Federation of the Blind. The original version of the reader was composed of a digital camera and a PDA, which contained specialised OCR software and speech synthesizers to read the scanned material aloud. It was released at a price of $3,495. The software was later ported to the Symbian operating system, to be used on Nokia N82 camera phones, with a new price of $1,595. Developed by the National Federation of the Blind and Sensotec NV in 2014, an iOS port was released at a price of $99. An Android version was released shortly after. KNFB Reader can read: Receipts Package labels and mail Product and nutritional information Print on your computer or tablet screen Longer documents such as books and user manuals Private documents such as tax materials, mortgage documents, bills, and medical reports Ebooks and documents in the ePub format Documents in more than thirty languages Innovative Features Text Detection (shows you where there is print to capture) Tilt and Viewfinder Assist (ensures you capture the entire page) Text Highlighting (pinpoints text for dyslexic and other print-disabled users) See also Kurzweil Educational Systems References External links Official site Blindness equipment
Windows 7, a major release of the Microsoft Windows operating system, has been released in several editions since its original release in 2009. Only Home Premium, Professional, and Ultimate were widely available at retailers. The other editions focus on other markets, such as the software development world or enterprise use. All editions support 32-bit IA-32 CPUs and all editions except Starter support 64-bit x64 CPUs. 64-bit installation media are not included in Home-Basic edition packages, but can be obtained separately from Windows. According to Microsoft, the features for all editions of Windows 7 are stored on the machine, regardless of which edition is in use. Users who wish to upgrade to an edition of Windows 7 with more features were able to use Windows Anytime Upgrade to purchase the upgrade and to unlock the features of those editions, until it was discontinued in 2015. Microsoft announced Windows 7 pricing information for some editions on June 25, 2009, and Windows Anytime Upgrade and Family Pack pricing on July 31, 2009. Main editions Mainstream support for all Windows 7 editions ended on January 13, 2015, and extended support ended on January 14, 2020. After that, the operating system ceased receiving further support. Professional and Enterprise volume licensed editions had paid Extended Security Updates (ESU) available until at most January 10, 2023. Since October 31, 2013, Windows 7 is no longer available in retail, except for remaining stocks of the preinstalled Professional edition, which was officially discontinued on October 31, 2016. Windows 7 Starter is the edition of Windows 7 that contains the fewest features. It is only available in a 32-bit version and does not include the Windows Aero theme. The desktop wallpaper and visual styles (Windows 7 Basic) are not user-changeable. In the release candidate versions of Windows 7, Microsoft intended to restrict users of this edition to running three simultaneous programs, but this limitation was dropped in the final release. This edition does not support more than 2 GB of RAM. This edition was available pre-installed on computers, especially netbooks or Windows Tablets, through system integrators or computer manufacturers using OEM licenses. Windows 7 Home Basic was available in "emerging markets", in 141 countries. Some Windows Aero options are excluded along with several new features. This edition is available in both 32-bit and 64-bit versions and supports up to 8 GB of RAM. Home Basic, along with other editions sold in emerging markets, includes geographical activation restriction, which requires users to activate Windows within a certain region or country. This edition contains features aimed at the home market segment, such as Windows Media Center, Windows Aero and multi-touch support. It was available in both 32-bit and 64-bit versions. This edition is targeted towards enthusiasts, small-business users, and schools. It includes all the features of Windows 7 Home Premium, and adds the ability to participate in a Windows Server domain. Additional features include support for up to 192 GB of RAM (increased from 16 GB), operating as a Remote Desktop server, location aware printing, backup to a network location, Encrypting File System, Presentation Mode, Software Restriction Policies (but not the extra management features of AppLocker) and Windows XP Mode. It was available in both 32-bit and 64-bit versions. This edition targeted the enterprise segment of the market and was sold through volume licensing to companies which have a Software Assurance (SA) contract with Microsoft. Additional features include support for Multilingual User Interface (MUI) packages, BitLocker Drive Encryption, and UNIX application support. Not available through retail or OEM channels, this edition is distributed through SA. As a result, it includes several SA-only benefits, including a license allowing the operating of diskless nodes (diskless PCs) and activation via Volume License Key (VLK). Windows 7 Ultimate contains the same features as Windows 7 Enterprise, but this edition was available to home users on an individual license basis. If a Windows 7 Home Premium or Windows 7 Professional user wished to upgrade to Windows 7 Ultimate, they would be able to use Windows Anytime Upgrade to do so, for an additional fee. This service is still available for any users who wish to upgrade. Unlike Windows Vista Ultimate, the Windows 7 Ultimate does not include the Windows Ultimate Extras feature or any exclusive features as Microsoft had stated. Special-purpose editions The main editions also can take the form of one of the following special editions: The features in the N and KN Editions are the same as their equivalent full versions, but do not include Windows Media Player or other Windows Media-related technologies, such as Windows Media Center and Windows DVD Maker due to limitations set by the European Union and South Korea, respectively. The cost of the N and KN Editions are the same as the full versions, as the Media Feature Pack for Windows 7 N or Windows 7 KN can be downloaded without charge from Microsoft. E edition The features in the E edition are the same as their equivalent full versions, but does not include Internet Explorer due to limitations set by the European Union. The cost of the E edition was cheaper than the full version. Signature Edition The Signature Edition of Windows 7 is a commemorative edition of Windows 7 Ultimate for those throwing a Windows 7 launch party. It is functionally the same as Windows 7 Ultimate. Upgrade editions In-place upgrade from Windows Vista with Service Pack 1 to Windows 7 is supported if the processor architecture and the language are the same and their editions match (see below). In-place upgrade is not supported for earlier versions of Windows; moving to Windows 7 on these machines requires a clean installation, i.e. removal of the old operating system, installing Windows 7 and reinstalling all previously installed programs. Windows Easy Transfer can assist in this process. Microsoft made upgrade SKUs of Windows 7 for selected editions of Windows XP and Windows Vista. The difference between these SKUs and full SKUs of Windows 7 is their lower price and proof of license ownership of a qualifying previous version of Windows. Same restrictions on in-place upgrading applies to these SKUs as well. In addition, Windows 7 is available as a Family Pack upgrade edition in certain markets, to upgrade to Windows 7 Home Premium only. It gives licenses to upgrade three machines from Vista or Windows XP to the Windows 7 Home Premium edition. These are not full versions, so each machine to be upgraded must have one of these qualifying previous versions of Windows for them to work. In the United States, this offer expired in early December 2009. In October 2010, to commemorate the anniversary of Windows 7, Microsoft once again made Windows 7 Home Premium Family Pack available for a limited time, while supplies lasted. Upgrade compatibility There are two possible ways to upgrade to Windows 7 from an earlier version of Windows: An in-place install (labelled "Upgrade" in the installer), where settings and programs are preserved from an older version of Windows. This option is only sometimes available, depending on the editions of Windows being used, and is not available at all unless upgrading from Windows Vista. A clean install (labelled "Custom" in the installer), where all settings including but not limited to user accounts, applications, user settings, music, photos, and programs are erased entirely and the current operating system is erased and replaced with Windows 7. This option is always available and is required for all versions of Windows XP. The table below lists which upgrade paths allow for an in-place install. Note that in-place upgrades can only be performed when the previous version of Windows is of the same architecture. If upgrading from a 32-bit installation to a 64-bit installation or downgrading from 64-bit installation to 32-bit installation, a clean install is mandatory regardless of the editions being used. Anytime Upgrade editions Microsoft still supports in-place upgrades from a lower edition of Windows 7 to a higher one, using the Windows Anytime Upgrade tool. There are currently three retail options available (though it is currently unclear whether they can be used with previous installations of the N versions). There are no family pack versions of the Anytime Upgrade editions. It was possible to use the Product Key from a Standard upgrade edition to accomplish an in-place upgrade (e.g. Home Premium to Ultimate). Starter to Home Premium Starter to Professional1 Starter to Ultimate1 Home Premium to Professional Home Premium to Ultimate Professional to Ultimate1 1 Available in retail, and at the Microsoft Store Derivatives On February 9, 2011, Microsoft announced Windows Thin PC, a branded derivative of Windows Embedded Standard 7 with Service Pack 1, designed as a lightweight version of Windows 7 for installation on low performance PCs as an alternative to using a dedicated thin client device. It succeeded Windows Fundamentals for Legacy PCs, which was based on Windows XP Embedded. Windows Thin PC was released on June 6, 2011. Mainstream support for Windows Thin PC ended on October 11, 2016, and extended support ended on October 12, 2021. Windows 7 is also currently available in two distinct forms of Windows Embedded, named as Windows Embedded Standard 7 (known as Windows Embedded Standard 2011 prior to release, the newest being Windows Embedded Standard 7 with Service Pack 1) and Windows Embedded POSReady 7. Both versions are eligible for Extended Security Updates (ESU) for up to 3 years after their end of extended support dates. In addition, binary identical for Embedded Systems (FES) variants of Professional and Ultimate editions are also available, differing only in licensing, and with their support periods also matching their non FES variants. Mainstream support for Windows Embedded 7 Standard ended on October 13, 2015, and extended support ended on October 13, 2020. Mainstream support for Windows Embedded POSReady 7 ended on October 11, 2016, and extended support ended on October 12, 2021. Extended Security Updates (ESU) ended for Windows Embedded 7 Standard on October 10, 2023. ESU for Windows Embedded POSReady 7 last until October 8, 2024. Comparison chart See also Windows 2000 editions Windows XP editions Windows Vista editions Windows 8 editions Windows 10 editions Notes References Further reading Windows 7
Parliamentary elections were held in Uzbekistan on 27 December 2009 and 10 January 2010 to elect the 150 members of the Legislative Chamber of Uzbekistan, the lower house of the Oliy Majlis. Of these, 135 were directly elected from single member constituencies using the two-round system, while 15 seats were reserved for the country's Ecological Movement. Provincial and district councils were elected at the same time. Polls opened at 06:00 and closed at 20:00. The Uzbekistan Liberal Democratic Party (O'zlidep) was reconfirmed as the largest single party in the Legislative Chamber, with 55 deputies. The other parties permitted to participate in the elections were the People's Democratic Party of Uzbekistan (32 deputies), the Uzbekistan National Revival Democratic Party (Milliy Tiklanish, 31 deputies) and the Justice Social Democratic Party (Adolat, 19 deputies). The elections were monitored by over 270 observers from 36 countries and representatives of four international missions. The election monitoring arm of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) did not send a full mission, saying none of its earlier recommendations had been implemented: An OSCE assessment mission observed voting at several polling places, but did not do comprehensive vote monitoring. Veronica Szente Goldston, Human Rights Watch Advocacy Director for Europe and Central Asia, said the pre-election situation in Uzbekistan has been marked by intense repression by the government: "Human rights are violated everywhere around the country, there is no political competition, all the parties that are running for this election are supporting the government." Campaign A candidate for election had to belong to a registered party and collect a minimum of 40,000 signatures. Several opposition politicians have alleged that all candidates also had to be approved by the government before they would be placed on the ballot. The four registered parties were: Adolat (Justice Social Democratic Party), with 123 candidates and 10 seats in the outgoing legislative chamber; Milliy Tiklanish (Uzbekistan National Revival Democratic Party), with 125 candidates and 29 seats in the outgoing legislative chamber; People's Democratic Party of Uzbekistan (PDP), with 134 candidates and 28 seats in the outgoing legislative chamber; Uzbekistan Liberal Democratic Party (O'zlidep), with 135 candidates and 41 seats in the outgoing legislative chamber. The election campaign consisted of 15- to 20-minute television programs each day for four days, as well as a second program called "Election – Mirror of Democracy". Transcripts from these shows were reprinted in newspapers, and billboards also appeared touting the upcoming choice that Uzbeks had to make. The four parties have publicly criticized each other, mainly over social policy, while praising President Islam Karimov's achievements. Freedom House, a US-based human rights organization, says the discussions appeared on television for the first time, which was a positive development, but that "We have some evidence from Uzbek activists that those debates were scripted. And even if not – these parties don't know themselves who they are, they have no ideology." Ecological Movement The Ecological Movement of Uzbekistan elected its 15 legislators at a congress, also held on 27 December, one from each territorial subdivision of Uzbekistan (Republic of Karakalpakstan, provinces and Tashkent city) plus one member from the executive committee of the Central Council of the Ecological Movement. Delegates to the congress were elected in equal numbers at the conferences of each of the territorial branches of the Ecological Movement. Turnout There were 17,215,700 eligible voters for the 2009 parliamentary elections. By 13:00 57.3% (9,879,195 voters) had cast their vote, ensuring that the election would be valid under Uzbekistani election law (33% minimum turnout required). By 17:00 79.4% (13,670,387 voters) had cast their votes. Final turnout for the first round (based on provisional figures) was 87.8% (15,108,950 voters). On 24 December all 16 million mobile phone users in Uzbekistan received an SMS informing them of the forthcoming elections. According to an Uzbek living in exile in the United States, "there are certain groups of the population which are under pressure and they are compelled to participate in the election – students, teachers, government employees." For the second round on 10 January 2010, the electorate was 4,969,547. Of these, 16.3% (812,502 voters) were reported to have voted by 09:00, just three hours after polling stations had opened. The final turnout (based on provisional figures) when polls closed at 20:00 was 79.7% (3,960,876 voters). Results Preliminary results were announced by the Central Election Commission on 29 December. Results were declared in 96 out of the 135 electoral districts; in the remaining 39 districts, no candidate obtained an overall majority of votes, and so a second round of voting was held in 10 January 2010. Final results were announced by the Central Election Commission on 13 January 2010. Notes References External links Central Election Commission of the Republic of Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Elections in Uzbekistan Parliamentary Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
In the mathematical topic of wavelet theory, the cascade algorithm is a numerical method for calculating function values of the basic scaling and wavelet functions of a discrete wavelet transform using an iterative algorithm. It starts from values on a coarse sequence of sampling points and produces values for successively more densely spaced sequences of sampling points. Because it applies the same operation over and over to the output of the previous application, it is known as the cascade algorithm. Successive approximation The iterative algorithm generates successive approximations to ψ(t) or φ(t) from {h} and {g} filter coefficients. If the algorithm converges to a fixed point, then that fixed point is the basic scaling function or wavelet. The iterations are defined by For the kth iteration, where an initial φ(0)(t) must be given. The frequency domain estimates of the basic scaling function is given by and the limit can be viewed as an infinite product in the form If such a limit exists, the spectrum of the scaling function is The limit does not depends on the initial shape assume for φ(0)(t). This algorithm converges reliably to φ(t), even if it is discontinuous. From this scaling function, the wavelet can be generated from Successive approximation can also be derived in the frequency domain. References C.S. Burrus, R.A. Gopinath, H. Guo, Introduction to Wavelets and Wavelet Transforms: A Primer, Prentice-Hall, 1988, . http://cnx.org/content/m10486/latest/ https://web.archive.org/web/20070615055323/http://cm.bell-labs.com/cm/ms/who/wim/cascade/index.html Wavelets
The nested sampling algorithm is a computational approach to the Bayesian statistics problems of comparing models and generating samples from posterior distributions. It was developed in 2004 by physicist John Skilling. Background Bayes' theorem can be applied to a pair of competing models and for data , one of which may be true (though which one is unknown) but which both cannot be true simultaneously. The posterior probability for may be calculated as: The prior probabilities and are already known, as they are chosen by the researcher ahead of time. However, the remaining Bayes factor is not so easy to evaluate, since in general it requires marginalizing nuisance parameters. Generally, has a set of parameters that can be grouped together and called , and has its own vector of parameters that may be of different dimensionality, but is still termed . The marginalization for is and likewise for . This integral is often analytically intractable, and in these cases it is necessary to employ a numerical algorithm to find an approximation. The nested sampling algorithm was developed by John Skilling specifically to approximate these marginalization integrals, and it has the added benefit of generating samples from the posterior distribution . It is an alternative to methods from the Bayesian literature such as bridge sampling and defensive importance sampling. Here is a simple version of the nested sampling algorithm, followed by a description of how it computes the marginal probability density where is or : Start with points sampled from prior. for to do % The number of iterations j is chosen by guesswork. current likelihood values of the points; Save the point with least likelihood as a sample point with weight . Update the point with least likelihood with some Markov chain Monte Carlo steps according to the prior, accepting only steps that keep the likelihood above . end return ; At each iteration, is an estimate of the amount of prior mass covered by the hypervolume in parameter space of all points with likelihood greater than . The weight factor is an estimate of the amount of prior mass that lies between two nested hypersurfaces and . The update step computes the sum over of to numerically approximate the integral In the limit , this estimator has a positive bias of order which can be removed by using instead of the in the above algorithm. The idea is to subdivide the range of and estimate, for each interval , how likely it is a priori that a randomly chosen would map to this interval. This can be thought of as a Bayesian's way to numerically implement Lebesgue integration. Implementations Example implementations demonstrating the nested sampling algorithm are publicly available for download, written in several programming languages. Simple examples in C, R, or Python are on John Skilling's website. A Haskell port of the above simple codes is on Hackage. An example in R originally designed for fitting spectra is described at and is on GitHub. A NestedSampler is part of the Python toolbox BayesicFitting for generic model fitting and evidence calculation. It is on Github An example in C++, named Diamonds, is on GitHub. A highly modular Python parallel example for statistical physics and condensed matter physics uses is on GitHub. pymatnest is a Python package designed for exploring the energy landscape of different materials, calculating thermodynamic variables at arbitrary temperatures and locating phase transitions is on GitHub. The MultiNest software package is capable of performing nested sampling on multi-modal posterior distributions. It has interfaces for C++, Fortran and Python inputs, and is available on GitHub. PolyChord is another nested sampling software package available on GitHub. PolyChord's computational efficiency scales better with an increase in the number of parameters than MultiNest, meaning PolyChord can be more efficient for high dimensional problems. NestedSamplers.jl a Julia package for implementing single- and multi-ellipsoidal nested sampling algorithms is on GitHub. Korali is a high-performance framework for uncertainty quantification, optimization, and deep reinforcement learning, which also implements nested sampling. Applications Since nested sampling was proposed in 2004, it has been used in many aspects of the field of astronomy. One paper suggested using nested sampling for cosmological model selection and object detection, as it "uniquely combines accuracy, general applicability and computational feasibility." A refinement of the algorithm to handle multimodal posteriors has been suggested as a means to detect astronomical objects in extant datasets. Other applications of nested sampling are in the field of finite element updating where the algorithm is used to choose an optimal finite element model, and this was applied to structural dynamics. This sampling method has also been used in the field of materials modeling. It can be used to learn the partition function from statistical mechanics and derive thermodynamic properties. Dynamic nested sampling Dynamic nested sampling is a generalisation of the nested sampling algorithm in which the number of samples taken in different regions of the parameter space is dynamically adjusted to maximise calculation accuracy. This can lead to large improvements in accuracy and computational efficiency when compared to the original nested sampling algorithm, in which the allocation of samples cannot be changed and often many samples are taken in regions which have little effect on calculation accuracy. Publicly available dynamic nested sampling software packages include: - a Python implementation of dynamic nested sampling which can be downloaded from GitHub. dyPolyChord: a software package which can be used with Python, C++ and Fortran likelihood and prior distributions. dyPolyChord is available on GitHub. Dynamic nested sampling has been applied to a variety of scientific problems, including analysis of gravitational waves, mapping distances in space and exoplanet detection. See also Bayesian model comparison List of algorithms References Bayesian statistics Model selection Randomized algorithms
McBBS was a Bulletin Board System developed by Derek E. McDonald and distributed by DMCS Technologies between October 30, 1989 and May 30, 2000 and operated over 18 versions. History McBBS started out as a project for the then High School student Derek McDonald, then attending Charles P. Allen High School in Bedford, Nova Scotia, Canada. As an aspiring young programmer, and unhappy with the software available to him at the time, he set out to prove he could build his own stable computer communications system as a personal project. Heavily influenced by the works of Ken Spence and his Spence XP BBS system of which there were two versions written in 1985 and 1987 respectively, as well as Ed Parry's EBBS and Clarke Development's PCBoard, the McBBS software was originally developed for the Commodore 64 computer but was ported over to the DOS platform in 1992 (starting with McBBS v3.0) where it remained until the project was officially ended in May 2000. The software was written entirely in the BASIC computer language, but starting with version 3.1 in 1992 it was compiled from BASIC into 8086 executable code for DOS. The program featured all the standard functions of a BBS of the time including file transfers in several competing protocols (XMODEM, YMODEM, YMODEM-G, ZMODEM) provided with the program or as third party software; they connected externally to the main program itself. It also featured message boards and a primitive form of what we now call E-mail. The program was also capable of producing simple graphics & text using both the ASCII, PETSCII, and the ANSI escape code character sets and color codes. McBBS also had the advanced and unique feature of a primitive sound broadcasting system allowing the BBS to program the remote computer's beeper speaker using what was essentially an extension of the ANSI Escape Code sequences used exclusively by McBBS. The net result, when used with the appropriate translation software (also supplied by McDonald and company), was audible, if low-resolution music; a demonstration given by McDonald himself once showed the BBS playing The Rolling Stone's "You Can't Always Get What You Want", and the William Tell Overture, coded using a simple text editor. As far as speed goes, McBBS was one of the first to adopt what was (then) high speed modems exceeding 14400 bit/s, the program itself was small and efficiently written, allowing it great speed. The program was also Y2K and survived the century changeover. The last version "McBBS v5.5 rev.3" was featured on the Alliance CD as the multimedia component in a last effort to promote the program when Emperor Multimedia Corporation took over the assets of DMCS Technologies when the companies merged. McBBS was marketed exclusively to operators and users of BBS systems over those same BBS public message forums. From time to time advertisements were posted over various BBS networks promoting its virtues. Since McBBS seemed to be a robust product and yet had a small footprint on the computer's memory and disc this feature was heavily exploited. In the early Commodore days the slogan was, "McBBS; The Little BBS That Could", a spoof off the Children's book The Little Engine That Could. In the PC years the slogan was, "Sometimes Big Things Come In Small Packages"; this second campaign proving to be the most successful. When networking was introduced the ad gleefully played on the product name saying, "You can now do more than just order fries and burgers with it!", clearly answering the critics who teased the product's name by spoofing McDonald's restaurants. The Market for the old-style BBS software was eroded by the arrival of the Internet and the Windows GUI operating systems during the late 1990s, and although McBBS had primitive networking capabilities via the FidoNet, and its own proprietary McNET, it was not enough to compete with the internet E-mailing systems, nor could McDonald program a new version fast enough to compete with the arrival of the GUI operating systems. McBBS was terminated a short time after. For sometime the official history of McBBS was available at the Emperor Multimedia website. Emperor Multimedia has since moved on to invest in the entertainment industry, specializing in Multimedia, with assets in internet applications, e-books, databases and web design. McDonald (with Emperor Multimedia) later releases of Polishing of Metal, and the Diskery music distribution firm, would once again see him and his company with commercial success. A scripting language known as "Viking", as well as a remote communications terminal called Comterm were also developed for McBBS as add-ons for the system; Comterm going on to be a product in its own right that has since been discontinued also. Statistics McBBS's sold for $40 U.S. originally on the Commodore 64 and the later 5.x set, all versions in between were free. It is unknown how many copies of McBBS were sold, but it is known that installations existed in Asia, North America and Europe. The largest concentration of McBBS installations was in the Mid-West USA and Eastern Canada. On August 12, 2007 the UNESCO (a division of the United Nations) "Great Library of Alexandria" (Bibliotheca Alexandrina) confirmed and accepted receipt of a shipment that would be archived on its shelves. The shipment was sent from Derek McDonald himself, included with this shipment was a single copy of the last version of McBBS released thus far. The version nomenclature is as follows: v0.95, v1.0 - Never published. v1.1, 1.2, 1.5, 2.0, 2.5, 2.6 - Released for Commodore 64/128. Starting with v2.0 all programs were "modular" meaning the components were controlled by a central program and swapped in and out of memory as needed. 2.0 was also the first to feature the Modem "Hayes" instruction set. v3.0, 3.1, 3.1C, 3.5, 4.0, 5.0, 5.1, 5.1A, 5.5, 5.5.1, 5.5.2, 5.5.3 - All published for IBM-PC. v3.1C was the first compiled into direct executable code. 4.0 was the first to feature networking. 5.1A was the first "high speed" modem version that could exceed 9600 bit/s using a supplied driver written in compiled Pascal language. It also had the file transfer protocols supplied with it. 5.5 had the high speed routines within the program itself, it also featured the integrated terminal program and scripting language. References External links Emperor Multimedia product website Bulletin board system software DOS software Commodore 64 software
Model–view–presenter (MVP) is a derivation of the model–view–controller (MVC) architectural pattern, and is used mostly for building user interfaces. In MVP, the presenter assumes the functionality of the "middle-man". In MVP, all presentation logic is pushed to the presenter. History The model–view–presenter software pattern originated in the early 1990s at Taligent, a joint venture of Apple, IBM, and Hewlett-Packard. MVP is the underlying programming model for application development in Taligent's C++-based CommonPoint environment. The pattern was later migrated by Taligent to Java and popularized in a paper by Taligent CTO Mike Potel. After Taligent's discontinuation in 1998, Andy Bower and Blair McGlashan of Dolphin Smalltalk adapted the MVP pattern to form the basis for their Smalltalk user interface framework. In 2006, Microsoft began incorporating MVP into its documentation and examples for user interface programming in the .NET Framework. The evolution and multiple variants of the MVP pattern, including the relationship of MVP to other design patterns such as MVC, is discussed in detail in an article by Martin Fowler and another by Derek Greer. Overview MVP is a user interface architectural pattern engineered to facilitate automated unit testing and improve the separation of concerns in presentation logic: The model is an interface defining the data to be displayed or otherwise acted upon in the user interface. The view is a passive interface that displays data (the model) and routes user commands (events) to the presenter to act upon that data. The presenter acts upon the model and the view. It retrieves data from repositories (the model), and formats it for display in the view. Normally, the view implementation instantiates the concrete presenter object, providing a reference to itself. The following C# code demonstrates a simple view constructor: public class Presenter : IPresenter { public Presenter(IView view) { // ... } } public class View : IView { private IPresenter _presenter; public View() { _presenter = new Presenter(this); } } The degree of logic permitted in the view varies among different implementations. At one extreme, the view is entirely passive, forwarding all interaction operations to the presenter. In this formulation, when a user triggers an event method of the view, it does nothing but invoke a method of the presenter that has no parameters and no return value. The presenter then retrieves data from the view through methods defined by the view interface. Finally, the presenter operates on the model and updates the view with the results of the operation. Other versions of model–view–presenter allow some latitude with respect to which class handles a particular interaction, event, or command. This is often more suitable for web-based architectures, where the view, which executes on a client's browser, may be the best place to handle a particular interaction or command. From a layering point of view, the presenter class might be considered as belonging to the application layer in a multilayered architecture system, but it can also be seen as a presenter layer of its own between the application layer and the user interface layer. Implementations .NET The .NET environment supports the MVP pattern much like any other development environment. The same model and presenter class can be used to support multiple interfaces, such as an ASP.NET Web application, a Windows Forms application, or a Silverlight application. The presenter gets and sets information from/to the view through an interface that can be accessed by the interface (view) component. In addition to manually implementing the pattern, a model–view–presenter framework may be used to support the MVP pattern in a more automated fashion. Java In a Java (AWT/Swing/SWT) application, the MVP pattern can be used by letting the user interface class implement a view interface. The same approach can be used for Java web-based applications, since modern Java component-based Web frameworks allow development of client-side logic using the same component approach as thick clients. Implementing MVP in Google Web Toolkit requires only that some component implement the view interface. The same approach is possible using Vaadin or the Echo2 Web framework. Java frameworks include the following: JavaFX Echo2 Google Web Toolkit JFace Swing Vaadin ZK PHP As of PHP's flexible runtime environment, there are wide possibilities of approaches of an application logic. Implementation of model layer is left on the end application programmer. PHP frameworks include the following: CodeIgniter Laravel Nette Framework See also Multitier architecture Model–view–controller Model–view–viewmodel Presenter first (software approach) References External links Model View Presenter Example from the GWT project. Model-View-Presenter implementation thoughts at StackExchange Software design patterns Architectural pattern (computer science)
Daniel S. Hirschberg is a full professor in Computer Science at University of California, Irvine. His research interests are in the theory of design and analysis of algorithms. He obtained his PhD in Computer Science from Princeton University in 1975. He supervised the PhD dissertation of Lawrence L. Larmore. He is best known for his 1975 and 1977 work on the longest common subsequence problem: Hirschberg's algorithm for this problem and for the related string edit distance problem solves it efficiently in only linear space. He is also known for his work in several other areas, including Distributed Algorithms. In Nancy Lynch's book Distributed Algorithms she gives details of an algorithm by Hirschberg and J. B. Sinclair for leader election in a synchronous ring. Lynch named this algorithm the HS algorithm, after its authors. Selected publications References External links Dan Hirschberg's Webpage at UCI American computer scientists Living people Princeton University alumni University of California, Irvine faculty Researchers in distributed computing Theoretical computer scientists Year of birth missing (living people)
VMware Server (formerly VMware GSX Server) is a discontinued free-of-charge virtualization-software server suite developed and supplied by VMware, Inc. VMware Server has fewer features than VMware ESX, software available for purchase, but can create, edit, and play virtual machines. It uses a client–server model, allowing remote access to virtual machines, at the cost of some graphical performance (and 3D support). It can run virtual machines created by other VMware products and by Microsoft Virtual PC. VMware Server can preserve and revert to a single snapshot copy of each separate virtual machine within the VMware Server environment. The software does not have a specific interface for cloning virtual machines, unlike VMware Workstation. VMware Server has largely been replaced by the "Shared Virtual Machines" feature, introduced in VMware Workstation 8.0 and onwards. Naming The former name GSX Server allegedly stands for Ground Storm X, an early code name for the project. Versions VMware Server 1.0 VMware released version 1.0 of Server on July 12, 2006, replacing the discontinued VMware GSX Server product-line. VMware Inc continued to develop the Vmware Server 1.0.x series, issuing a maintenance release (version 1.0.10) on 26 October 2009. VMware Server 2.0 VMware Server 2 runs on several server-class host operating systems, including different versions of Microsoft Windows Server 2000, 2003, and 2008, and mainly enterprise-class Linuxes. The manual explicitly states: "you must use a Windows server operating system". The product also runs on Windows 7 Enterprise Edition. Server 2 uses a web-based user-interface, the "VMware Infrastructure Web Access", instead of a GUI. For web interfaces, VMware Server 2 and VMware vCenter 4 use the Tomcat 6 web server, while VMware vCenter 2.5 is based on Tomcat 2.5. As part of the product, the VMware Host Agent service (also carried over to VMware Workstation Server until today) allows remote access to VMware Server functionality. VMware server 2 supports the Microsoft Shadow Copy service. (Microsoft Virtual Server 2005 R2 SP1 also supports Shadow Copy.) Virtual machines that support this service can be backed up without stopping. VMware Server was discontinued in January 2010; general support ended on June 30, 2011. See also Virtual appliance Virtual machine Platform virtualization x86 virtualization Virtual disk image References External links VMware Server End-User License Server Virtualization software Proprietary cross-platform software
Hitler's British Girl is a Channel 4 documentary film about British Nazi sympathiser Unity Mitford and her relationship with Adolf Hitler. The film was made by following an investigation by journalist Martin Bright which revealed that she may have secretly given birth to Hitler's child. Production The film follows the investigations of journalist Martin Bright who was contacted, after writing an article about Unity Mitford for The Observer, by a member of the public who claimed her aunt had acted as midwife when Unity gave birth to Hitler's child. Martin's investigation is used to frame a biography of Unity given through contemporary photos and newsreel footage with commentary from prominent biographers of Unity and her family. There is also interview footage from Unity's sister Diana and Oswald Mosley's son Nicholas. Participants Martin Bright, political editor of the New Statesman Anne de Courcy, Mitford Biographer Jane Dalley, Mitford Biographer David Pryce Jones, Unity Mitford biographer Nicholas Mosley, son of Oswald Mosley Val Hann, niece of Betty Norton Audrey Smith, Wigginton resident Reception Gareth McLean, writing for The Guardian, recommended the film but criticised it for perpetuating the fallacy that it was only the upper class and the underclass who become enamoured of the extreme right. Sister publication The Observer joked that it was a bad week for Unity with the story of a surviving Hitler bloodline that "reads like a Nazi twist on the plot of The Da Vinci Code." The Daily Telegraph described it as an "absorbing documentary" on Unity's suicide attempt that "unravels the reasons she did so and the murky politics of her return to England, alive, but severely brain-damaged." Originally broadcast at 9pm on 20 December 2007 on Channel 4, the program received 2.6 million viewers (11% audience share). Plot summary The film starts with footage showing the 19-year-old Unity Mitford at the 1933 Nuremberg Rally where she is said to have become obsessed with Adolf Hitler. Unity and Hitler are said to have had a close relationship for five years and are even rumoured to have been engaged. Newsreel footage from January 1940 shows Unity return to England from Nazi Germany in a stretcher. Contemporary newspapers speculate that her relationship with Hitler had resulted in her either poisoning herself or being shot by Hitler after a tiff. In truth she shot herself in the head on the day war was declared only to miraculously survive. There were public calls at the time for her to be interned. Recently released documents show that the head of MI5, Guy Liddell, agreed. According to the film, Unity's father persuaded Home Secretary Sir John Anderson not to do so. Furthermore, despite her having had a close relationship with Hitler, she was not even interrogated. Unity was allowed to retire quietly to the English countryside. The documentary suggests that Hill View Cottage, where she stayed, was often used as a maternity home, suggesting the possibility that she may have given birth to Hitler's baby. A niece of midwife Betty Norton is interviewed and claims that Unity had secretly given birth to a child at Hill View Cottage in Wigginton, Oxfordshire, rumoured to be the son of Hitler. Biographers explain Unity's difficult upbringing as the younger sister of prettier, more clever, more successful sisters and her adoption of fascism as a way to rebel and make herself distinct. In 1932, Unity's elder sister Diana begins an affair with British fascist leader Oswald Mosley. Against her father's wishes, Unity meets with Mosley and, according to Oswald's son, becomes a member of the party. The following year, Diana and Unity go to the Nuremberg rally as part of the British delegation, where Unity becomes obsessed with the Führer. Unity returns to Germany in the summer of 1934 and proceeds to stalk Hitler until she is eventually invited to his table at the Osteria Bavaria Restaurant in Munich. Hitler feels a mystical connection with the girl and she is subsequently invited to party rallies and state occasions. Bright visits the Oxford registry office in search of birth records. Records of numerous births at Hill View Cottage at the time corroborate claims that it was a secret wartime maternity hospital, but none is registered to Unity. Biographers report that Hitler and Unity had become very close and that Hitler would play Unity off against his new girlfriend Eva Braun until the latter attempted suicide. Unity learned from this that desperate measure were needed to capture the Fuehrer's attention and had written a virulently anti-Semitic open-letter to Der Stürmer which concluded "P.S. please publish my name in full, I want everyone to know I am a Jew hater." Unity summers at the Berghof and discusses a possible German-British alliance with Hitler, going so far as to supply lists of potential supporters and enemies. These dreams are shattered, however, at the Bayreuth festival in 1939 when Hitler warns her of imminent war and urges her to return to Britain. She refuses and, on the day war is announced, takes the gun Hitler had given her and attempts suicide. Surviving the attempt, she is visited in hospital by Hitler who arranges for her return to England. Back in England, Bright finds apparent confirmation that she did indeed go to Wigginton. A life-time resident of Wigginton confirms to Bright that Unity stayed at Hill View Cottage, but only to recover from a nervous breakdown. In 1948 the bullet, still lodged in her brain, became infected and she died en route to hospital. Biographers maintain that the obsessive relationship between Unity and Hitler was strictly platonic. External links Official video clip References Channel 4 original programming 2007 television specials British documentary television films Documentary films about Adolf Hitler
In computational complexity theory, a branch of computer science, bounded-error probabilistic polynomial time (BPP) is the class of decision problems solvable by a probabilistic Turing machine in polynomial time with an error probability bounded by 1/3 for all instances. BPP is one of the largest practical classes of problems, meaning most problems of interest in BPP have efficient probabilistic algorithms that can be run quickly on real modern machines. BPP also contains P, the class of problems solvable in polynomial time with a deterministic machine, since a deterministic machine is a special case of a probabilistic machine. Informally, a problem is in BPP if there is an algorithm for it that has the following properties: It is allowed to flip coins and make random decisions It is guaranteed to run in polynomial time On any given run of the algorithm, it has a probability of at most 1/3 of giving the wrong answer, whether the answer is YES or NO. Definition A language L is in BPP if and only if there exists a probabilistic Turing machine M, such that M runs for polynomial time on all inputs For all x in L, M outputs 1 with probability greater than or equal to 2/3 For all x not in L, M outputs 1 with probability less than or equal to 1/3 Unlike the complexity class ZPP, the machine M is required to run for polynomial time on all inputs, regardless of the outcome of the random coin flips. Alternatively, BPP can be defined using only deterministic Turing machines. A language L is in BPP if and only if there exists a polynomial p and deterministic Turing machine M, such that M runs for polynomial time on all inputs For all x in L, the fraction of strings y of length p(|x|) which satisfy is greater than or equal to 2/3 For all x not in L, the fraction of strings y of length p(|x|) which satisfy is less than or equal to 1/3 In this definition, the string y corresponds to the output of the random coin flips that the probabilistic Turing machine would have made. For some applications this definition is preferable since it does not mention probabilistic Turing machines. In practice, an error probability of 1/3 might not be acceptable, however, the choice of 1/3 in the definition is arbitrary. Modifying the definition to use any constant between 0 and 1/2 (exclusive) in place of 1/3 would not change the resulting set BPP. For example, if one defined the class with the restriction that the algorithm can be wrong with probability at most 1/2100, this would result in the same class of problems. The error probability does not even have to be constant: the same class of problems is defined by allowing error as high as 1/2 − n−c on the one hand, or requiring error as small as 2−nc on the other hand, where c is any positive constant, and n is the length of input. This flexibility in the choice of error probability is based on the idea of running an error-prone algorithm many times, and using the majority result of the runs to obtain a more accurate algorithm. The chance that the majority of the runs are wrong drops off exponentially as a consequence of the Chernoff bound. Problems All problems in P are obviously also in BPP. However, many problems have been known to be in BPP but not known to be in P. The number of such problems is decreasing, and it is conjectured that P = BPP. For a long time, one of the most famous problems known to be in BPP but not known to be in P was the problem of determining whether a given number is prime. However, in the 2002 paper PRIMES is in P, Manindra Agrawal and his students Neeraj Kayal and Nitin Saxena found a deterministic polynomial-time algorithm for this problem, thus showing that it is in P. An important example of a problem in BPP (in fact in co-RP) still not known to be in P is polynomial identity testing, the problem of determining whether a polynomial is identically equal to the zero polynomial, when you have access to the value of the polynomial for any given input, but not to the coefficients. In other words, is there an assignment of values to the variables such that when a nonzero polynomial is evaluated on these values, the result is nonzero? It suffices to choose each variable's value uniformly at random from a finite subset of at least d values to achieve bounded error probability, where d is the total degree of the polynomial. Related classes If the access to randomness is removed from the definition of BPP, we get the complexity class P. In the definition of the class, if we replace the ordinary Turing machine with a quantum computer, we get the class BQP. Adding postselection to BPP, or allowing computation paths to have different lengths, gives the class BPPpath. BPPpath is known to contain NP, and it is contained in its quantum counterpart PostBQP. A Monte Carlo algorithm is a randomized algorithm which is likely to be correct. Problems in the class BPP have Monte Carlo algorithms with polynomial bounded running time. This is compared to a Las Vegas algorithm which is a randomized algorithm which either outputs the correct answer, or outputs "fail" with low probability. Las Vegas algorithms with polynomial bound running times are used to define the class ZPP. Alternatively, ZPP contains probabilistic algorithms that are always correct and have expected polynomial running time. This is weaker than saying it is a polynomial time algorithm, since it may run for super-polynomial time, but with very low probability. Complexity-theoretic properties It is known that BPP is closed under complement; that is, BPP = co-BPP. BPP is low for itself, meaning that a BPP machine with the power to solve BPP problems instantly (a BPP oracle machine) is not any more powerful than the machine without this extra power. In symbols, BPPBPP = BPP. The relationship between BPP and NP is unknown: it is not known whether BPP is a subset of NP, NP is a subset of BPP or neither. If NP is contained in BPP, which is considered unlikely since it would imply practical solutions for NP-complete problems, then NP = RP and PH ⊆ BPP. It is known that RP is a subset of BPP, and BPP is a subset of PP. It is not known whether those two are strict subsets, since we don't even know if P is a strict subset of PSPACE. BPP is contained in the second level of the polynomial hierarchy and therefore it is contained in PH. More precisely, the Sipser–Lautemann theorem states that . As a result, P = NP leads to P = BPP since PH collapses to P in this case. Thus either P = BPP or P ≠ NP or both. Adleman's theorem states that membership in any language in BPP can be determined by a family of polynomial-size Boolean circuits, which means BPP is contained in P/poly. Indeed, as a consequence of the proof of this fact, every BPP algorithm operating on inputs of bounded length can be derandomized into a deterministic algorithm using a fixed string of random bits. Finding this string may be expensive, however. Some weak separation results for Monte Carlo time classes were proven by , see also . Closure properties The class BPP is closed under complementation, union and intersection. Relativization Relative to oracles, we know that there exist oracles A and B, such that PA = BPPA and PB ≠ BPPB. Moreover, relative to a random oracle with probability 1, P = BPP and BPP is strictly contained in NP and co-NP. There is even an oracle in which BPP=EXPNP (and hence P<NP<BPP=EXP=NEXP), which can be iteratively constructed as follows. For a fixed ENP (relativized) complete problem, the oracle will give correct answers with high probability if queried with the problem instance followed by a random string of length kn (n is instance length; k is an appropriate small constant). Start with n=1. For every instance of the problem of length n fix oracle answers (see lemma below) to fix the instance output. Next, provide the instance outputs for queries consisting of the instance followed by kn-length string, and then treat output for queries of length ≤(k+1)n as fixed, and proceed with instances of length n+1. Lemma: Given a problem (specifically, an oracle machine code and time constraint) in relativized ENP, for every partially constructed oracle and input of length n, the output can be fixed by specifying 2O(n) oracle answers. Proof: The machine is simulated, and the oracle answers (that are not already fixed) are fixed step-by-step. There is at most one oracle query per deterministic computation step. For the relativized NP oracle, if possible fix the output to be yes by choosing a computation path and fixing the answers of the base oracle; otherwise no fixing is necessary, and either way there is at most 1 answer of the base oracle per step. Since there are 2O(n) steps, the lemma follows. The lemma ensures that (for a large enough k), it is possible to do the construction while leaving enough strings for the relativized ENP answers. Also, we can ensure that for the relativized ENP, linear time suffices, even for function problems (if given a function oracle and linear output size) and with exponentially small (with linear exponent) error probability. Also, this construction is effective in that given an arbitrary oracle A we can arrange the oracle B to have PA≤PB and EXPNPA=EXPNPB=BPPB. Also, for a ZPP=EXP oracle (and hence ZPP=BPP=EXP<NEXP), one would fix the answers in the relativized E computation to a special nonanswer, thus ensuring that no fake answers are given. Derandomization The existence of certain strong pseudorandom number generators is conjectured by most experts of the field. This conjecture implies that randomness does not give additional computational power to polynomial time computation, that is, P = RP = BPP. Note that ordinary generators are not sufficient to show this result; any probabilistic algorithm implemented using a typical random number generator will always produce incorrect results on certain inputs irrespective of the seed (though these inputs might be rare). László Babai, Lance Fortnow, Noam Nisan, and Avi Wigderson showed that unless EXPTIME collapses to MA, BPP is contained in The class i.o.-SUBEXP, which stands for infinitely often SUBEXP, contains problems which have sub-exponential time algorithms for infinitely many input sizes. They also showed that P = BPP if the exponential-time hierarchy, which is defined in terms of the polynomial hierarchy and E as EPH, collapses to E; however, note that the exponential-time hierarchy is usually conjectured not to collapse. Russell Impagliazzo and Avi Wigderson showed that if any problem in E, where has circuit complexity 2Ω(n) then P = BPP. See also RP ZPP BQP List of complexity classes References Valentine Kabanets (2003). "CMPT 710 – Complexity Theory: Lecture 16". Simon Fraser University. Pages 257–259 of section 11.3: Random Sources. Pages 269–271 of section 11.4: Circuit complexity. Section 10.2.1: The class BPP, pp. 336–339. Arora, Sanjeev; Boaz Barak (2009). "Computational Complexity: A Modern Approach". External links Princeton CS 597E: Derandomization paper list Harvard CS 225: Pseudorandomness Probabilistic complexity classes
Edmund Cecil Rhodes (1892–1964), a statistician, was born in Yorkshire and named after Cecil Rhodes. He went to Bradford Grammar School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated as Wrangler (B-star) in 1914. In 1924 he became reader at the London School of Economics, where he remained until he retired in 1958. He wrote for Biometrika and the Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, and Edgeworth called him a "pathbreaker" (see obituary by Grebenik). Rhodes originated the Rhodes algorithm in linear programming. He worked with Arthur Bowley, and also with Sir Alexander Carr-Saunders on his study of juvenile delinquency, and he contributed to population studies and the statistical study of examinations (see his book with Sir Philip John Hartog entitled An Examination of Examinations. Papers Reducing Observations by the Method of Minimum Deviations, Phil. Magazine 7th Series. Pp. 974 – 992, 1930 Young Offenders, an Enquiry Into Juvenile Delinquency, A.M. Carr-Saunders e Hermann Mannheim, 1942 An examination of examinations : being a summary of investigations on the comparison of marks allotted to examinations scripts by independent examiners and boards of examiners, together with a section on a viva voce examination, with Sir Philip John Hartog, 1936 References Grebenik, E. (1965) Edmund Cecil Rhodes, 1892–1964 (obituary). Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, Series A 128(4):615–616. 1892 births 1964 deaths Academics of the London School of Economics English statisticians People educated at Bradford Grammar School Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Panning is the distribution of an audio signal (either monaural or stereophonic pairs) into a new stereo or multi-channel sound field determined by a pan control setting. A typical physical recording console has a pan control for each incoming source channel. A pan control or pan pot (short for "panning potentiometer") is an analog control with a position indicator which can range continuously from the 7 o'clock when fully left to the 5 o'clock position fully right. Audio mixing software replaces pan pots with on-screen virtual knobs or sliders which function like their physical counterparts. Overview A pan pot has an internal architecture which determines how much of a source signal is sent to the left and right buses. "Pan pots split audio signals into left and right channels, each equipped with its own discrete gain (volume) control." This signal distribution is often called a taper or law. When centered (at 12 o'clock), the law can be designed to send −3, −4.5 or −6 decibels (dB) equally to each bus. "Signal passes through both the channels at an equal volume while the pan pot points directly north." If the two output buses are later recombined into a monaural signal, then a pan law of -6 dB is desirable. If the two output buses are to remain stereo then a law of -3 dB is desirable. A law of −4.5 dB at center is a compromise between the two. A pan control fully rotated to one side results in the source being sent at full strength (0 dB) to one bus (either the left or right channel) and zero strength (− dB) to the other. Regardless of the pan setting, the overall sound power level remains (or appears to remain) constant. Because of the phantom center phenomenon, sound panned to the center position is perceived as coming from between the left and right speakers, but not in the center unless listened to with headphones, because of head-related transfer function HRTF. Panning in audio borrows its name from panning action in moving image technology. An audio pan pot can be used in a mix to create the impression that a source is moving from one side of the soundstage to the other, although ideally there would be timing (including phase and Doppler effects), filtering and reverberation differences present for a more complete picture of apparent movement within a defined space. Simple analog pan controls only change relative level; they don't add reverb to replace direct signal, phase changes, modify the spectrum, or change delay timing. "Tracks thus seem to move in the direction that [one] point[s] the pan pots on a mixer, even though [one] actually attenuate[s] those tracks on the opposite side of the horizontal plane." Panning can also be used in an audio mixer to reduce or reverse the stereo width of a stereo signal. For instance, the left and right channels of a stereo source can be panned straight up, that is sent equally to both the left output and the right output of the mixer, creating a dual mono signal. An early panning process was used in the development of Fantasound, an early pioneering stereophonic sound reproduction system for Fantasia (1940). Stereo-switching Before pan pots were available, "a three-way switch was used to assign the track to the left output, right output, or both (the center)". Ubiquitous in the Billboard charts throughout the middle and late 1960s, clear examples include the Beatles's "Strawberry Fields Forever" and Jimi Hendrix's "Purple Haze", Stevie Wonder's "Living for the City". In the Beatles's "A Day In The Life" Lennon's vocals are switched to the extreme right on the first two strophes, on the third strophe they are switched center then extreme left, and switched left on the final strophe while during the bridge McCartney's vocals are switched extreme right. See also Pan law BalanceReferences Further reading Rumsey, Francis and McCormick, Tim (2002). Sound and Recording: An Introduction''. Focal Press. Stereophonic sound Audio mixing ja:パン (撮影技法)
Star Wolves (Russian: Звездные волки) is a real-time, futuristic video game developed by Russian video game developer X-bow Software combining role-playing and real-time tactics gameplay. It was first published in 2004 in Russia by 1C Company, and later in 2005 and 2006 in other parts of Europe and North America, respectively. A sequel, Star Wolves 2, was published in Russia in 2006 and in North America in 2007. Star Wolves 2: Civil War is the latest game in the series (in EU and NA regions it is known as Star Wolves 3: Civil War). Gameplay The game features a mix of role-playing and tactical elements, and is centered around controlling a mothership and small armada of fighter craft in real-time using the mouse in a manner very similar to Homeworld. Ships are piloted by characters whose skills advance as the game progresses. The player is able to select from a number of skill specializations for each character, making each character unique. Players can likewise customize each ship's armament and purchase new equipment on the open and black markets. At various times in the game, new characters will join the player's party so that the team becomes larger and more diverse. Plot The game is set in the future after mankind has journeyed into outer space and formed an interstellar empire. During the course of the game the Empire becomes threatened by an alien species as well as the huge mega-corporations that have grown to control more and more of people's lives. The player is tasked with forming a rag-tag band of mercenaries to take on missions for the various factions, as well playing his or her own hand in humanity's destiny. Development The game was originally envisioned as a turn-based successor to Homeworld, but continued development saw an increased focus on characters and the addition of the "Smart Pause" feature found in such games as Baldur's Gate. Reception Star Wolves' Metacritic score and MobyRank (two composite scores of professional video game reviews) are 61 and 73 as of January, 2009. The game got good reviews in Germany and Russia, but bad in English speaking countries due to the horribly localized voiceover. References 2004 video games 1C Company games Tactical role-playing video games Real-time tactics video games Windows games Windows-only games Science fiction video games Lua (programming language)-scripted video games Video games developed in Russia Space combat simulators
Tenchu: Shadow Assassins is a stealth game developed by Acquire and published by FromSoftware in Japan and Ubisoft worldwide for the Wii in 2008 and the PlayStation Portable in 2009. Gameplay Shadow Assassins allows players to take control of both Rikimaru and Ayame. The camera is an over-the-shoulder point of view. All of the 10 missions are ground-based. There are no healthbars in this game except sword fight parts. Players will play the first five stages and the last one using Rikimaru and stages six to nine as Ayame. There are also 50 side missions called "Assignments". Ayame is faster but weaker, making it harder for her to hide bodies. According to FromSoftware, their stages are also completely different; Rikimaru's are more straightforward, while Ayame's are "a little trickier, she can use the environment more." There are about 10 multi-purpose items in the game; for example, a cat can be used as distraction as well as a scout. On Wii, players use the analog stick on the Wii Remote's Nunchuck accessory to move, A button for actions, holding B button while moving forward to run or while moving sideways to strafe, and the C button for jumping (a long jump can be performed while running). The Wii Remote is also used for first-person perspective sword fighting. The gameplay of the PlayStation Portable version is generally the same. However, its controls have been altered to fit the handheld's functionality, thus removing the motion controls; however, some similar controls have been retained, such as moving the analog stick to move forward, and pressing the D-pad to choose between the player's items. The controls for doing a stealth kill has been slightly changed; the player now has to press the face buttons of the PSP console to trigger it and moving the analog stick. Plot In the land of Lord Gohda, peace has not been fully restored and rumors of betrayal have been swirling around the lord and his subjects. As a result, Lord Gohda calls upon the Azuma Ninja, Rikimaru and Ayame, to investigate. Rikimaru soon discovers that someone is planning to start a war. Meanwhile, Counselor Sekiya, Lord Gohda's right-hand man, arranges for a fortune-teller to predict the future of Lord Gohda's kingdom. Unfortunately, the fortune-teller turns out to be an imposter and kidnaps Princess Kiku, Lord Gohda's daughter. Ayame chases after her without hesitation, while Rikimaru goes on another mission for Lord Gohda instead: resume the investigation on the nuisances that have been troubling the land. He then discovers that Daimyō Tado is the one behind all this. Lord Gohda then decides to declare war on Tado and travels to his land with Rikimaru. After Rikimaru succeeds in taking Daimyō Tado's life, the woman who posed as the fortune-teller, a Kunoichi named Rinshi, appears and tries to kill Rikimaru, but fails thanks to the intervention of Tachibana Hyakubei, who was hired by Lord Gohda. After Lord Gohda's order, Rikimaru heads back to the castle. When he arrives however, he is attacked by the guards, who were ordered to consider him a traitor by Sekiya. Ayame had actually succeeded in rescuing the Princess Kiku, but had been attacked by someone who seemed to be Rikimaru, who was actually Rinshi in disguise. Ayame and Princess Kiku then flee the castle as the real Rikimaru arrives, and the two women head for a secret hideout suggested by Sekiya. The Princess then reveals to be Rinshi in disguise and wounds Ayame, but Rikimaru arrives just in time to save her and kills Rinshi. Lord Gohda, noticing his castle in flames, realizes that it was all Sekiya's doing and orders Rikimaru to get back there and eliminate him. After he seemingly takes Sekiya's life and saves Princess Kiku, Sekiya rises again and reveals himself to be Onikage, who then challenges Rikimaru to a duel. Rikimaru ultimately gains the upper hand but Onikage uses the princess as a shield, forcing Rikimaru to drive his sword through her to get to Onikage and kill him. Ayame, who had followed Rikimaru, cries upon Princess Kiku's death. The extended ending (attained by collecting all of the map pieces in normal mode) shows Ayame speaking in Onikage's voice, suggesting his hatred survived in her since Rikimaru murdered her best friend. Characters Rinshi - A mysterious kunoichi who disguised herself as a fortune-teller during the first attempt of kidnapping Princess Kiku. Sekiya was fooled by letting her inside the castle. Later on, she reveals that her motive is actually to avenge the deaths of her parents because of Lord Gohda. In the U.S. version, this character is the reason why the ESRB accounted the game with the Suggestive Themes descriptor. Sekiya - The trusted right-hand man of Lord Gohda. It is noticeable that he could also give orders to the Azuma Ninja even without the accordance of Lord Gohda. In Tenchu: Shadow Assassins, it is revealed that the Sekiya during those times was just an impostor and turned out to be Onikage. It is not revealed where the real Sekiya is. Tado - A vicious daimyō who wished to start a war with Lord Gohda. He later dies after Rikimaru poisons his sake (depending on the player). Onikage - A mysterious, demonic ninja who seems to have some sort of past connection with the Azuma Ninja. Reception Tenchu: Shadow Assassins received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. Notes References External links Official website Ubisoft's official website 2008 video games Action-adventure games FromSoftware games Gamebryo games PlayStation Portable games Single-player video games Tenchu games Ubisoft games Video game sequels Video games developed in Japan Video games featuring female protagonists Video games scored by Noriyuki Asakura Video games set in feudal Japan Wii games Acquire (company) games
Browse, browser or browsing may refer to: Programs Web browser, a program used to access the World Wide Web Code browser, a program for navigating source code File browser or file manager, a program used to manage files and related objects Hardware browser, a program for displaying networked hardware devices Image browser or image viewer, a program that can display stored graphical images Browser service, a feature of Microsoft Windows to browse shared network resources Other Browsing, a kind of orienting strategy in animals and human beings Browsing (herbivory), a type of feeding behavior in herbivores Browse Island, Australia Browse LNG, Australian liquefied natural gas plant project Browser (cat), a Texan library cat
DMC World DJ Championships is an annual DJ competition hosted by Disco Mix Club (DMC) which began in 1985. Championships were sponsored internationally by Technics, but in 2010 Technics has been replaced by Serato and Rane. From 2011, the vinyl emulation software Serato Scratch Live can be used during the competition in addition to traditional vinyl. In 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic the DMC World DJ Championship are being held exclusively online. DJ Champions DMC World DJ Champions 1985 - London, UK - 1. Roger Johnson (UK North) 2. Martin Sweeney (UK South) 3. Roger Tuuri (Sweden) 1986 - London, UK — 1. DJ Cheese (USA), 2. Chad Jackson (UK), 3. Orlando Voorn (Netherlands) 1987 - London, UK — 1. Chad Jackson (UK), 2. Joe Rodriguez (US), 3. Ken "The Duke" Larsen (Denmark) 1988 - London, UK — 1. Cash Money (USA), 2. Mich "Cut-father" Hansen (Denmark), 3. All-Star Fresh (Netherlands) 1989 - London, UK — 1. Cut master Swift (UK), 2. Aladdin (USA), 3. Eliot Ness (Finland) 1990 - London, UK — 1. David (Germany), 2. Francesco Zappalà (Italy), 3. Reckless (UK) 1991 - London, UK — 1. David (Germany), 2. Q-Bert (USA), 3. Yoshi (Japan) 1992 - London, UK — 1. Rock Steady DJs (USA), 2. Crazy Fast Nefis (France), 3. KK (Italy) 1993-1994 - London, UK — 1. Dream Team (USA), 2. Alliance Ethnic (France), 3. Cutting Crew (Denmark) 1995 - London, UK — 1. Roc Raida (USA) 2. Noize (Denmark), 3. Alliance Ethnik (France) 1996 - Rimini, Italy — 1. Noize (Denmark), 2. DJ Tommy (Hong Kong), 3. Roc Raida (USA) 1997 - Rimini, Italy — 1. A-Trak (Canada), 2. Crazy B (France), 3. Pogo (UK) 1998 - Paris, France — 1. Craze (USA), 2. Crazy B (France), 3. A-Trak (Canada) 1999 - New York, USA — 1. Craze (USA), 2. Tony Vegas (UK), 3. P-Trix (USA) 2000 - London, UK — 1. Craze (USA), 2. Dexta (Australia), 3. Mr. Thing (UK) 2001 - London, UK — 1. Plus One (UK), 2. Klever (USA), 3T. kentaro (Japan), 3T. P-Money (New Zealand) 2002 - London, UK — 1. Kentaro (Japan), 2. Skully (UK), 3. Dopey (Canada) 2003 - 1. Dopey (Canada), 2. Enferno (USA), 3. Quest (UK) 2004 - 1. Ie.Merg (USA), 2. DJ Rafik (Germany), 3. Dopey (Canada) 2005 - 1. Ie.Merg (USA), 2. Pfel (France), 3. DJ Izoh (Japan) 2006 - 1. Netik (France), 2. Yasa (Japan), 3. Rafik (Germany) 2007 - 1. DJ Rafik (Germany), 2. Yasa (Japan), 3. DJ Fly (France) 2008 - 1. DJ Fly (France), 2. Slyce (USA), 3. Co-Ma (Japan) 2009 - 1. DJ Shiftee (USA), 2. Co-Ma (Japan), 3. DJ LigOne (France) 2010 - 1. DJ LigOne (France), 2. Co-Ma (Japan), 3. DJ Blu (Japan) 2011 - 1. DJ Vajra (USA), 2. DJ Izoh (Japan), 3. Co-Ma (Japan) 2012 - 1. DJ Izoh (Japan), 2. Precision (USA), 3. Ritchie Ruftone (UK) 2013 - 1. DJ Fly (France), 2. Ritchie Ruftone (UK), 3. Jon1st (UK) 2014 - 1. Mr. Switch (UK), 2. I-Dee (USA), 3. Vekked (Canada) 2015 - 1. Vekked (Canada), 2. Spell (New Zealand), 3. Precision (USA) 2016 - 1. DJ Yuto (Japan), 2. DJ Brace (Canada), 3. DJ Traps (USA) 2017 - 1. DJ Rena (Japan) - youngest ever world champion aged 12, 2. DJ Skillz (France), 3. Spell (New Zealand) 2018 - 1. DJ Skillz (France), 2. DJ Fummy (Japan), 3. DJ Rena (Japan) 2019 - 1. DJ Skillz (France), 2. K-Swizz (New Zealand), 3. Erik Jay (Brazil) 2020 - 1. DJ Skillz (France), 2. JFB (UK), 3. K-Swizz (New Zealand) 2021 - 1. JFB (UK), 2. K-Swizz (New Zealand), 3. Erik Jay (Brazil) 2022 - 1. K-Swizz (New Zealand), 2.IS-K (Japan) 3. DJ Topic (France) Breakdown by country (33 in total): 12 USA 7 France 6 UK 4 Japan 3 Germany 3 Canada 1 Denmark 1 New Zealand UK DJ Champions (and world rankings) 1985 - Roger Johnson (1st) 1986 - Chad Jackson (2nd) 1987 - CJ Mackintosh 1988 - 1. Cutmaster Swift (5th), 2. Owen D, 3. Scratch Professor 1989 - 1. Cutmaster Swift (1st), 2. DJ Pogo, 3. DJ Trix 1990 - 1. Reckless (3rd), 2. DJ Pogo, 3. DJ Trix 1991 - 1. Reckless, 2. DJ Excel, 3. Olabean 1992 - DJ Sparra 1993-94 - DJ Sparra 1994-95 - 1. DJ Kofi, 2. First Rate, 3. Def K 1996 - 1. Cutmaster Swift, 2. DJ Kofi, 3. Prime Cuts 1997 - 1. DJ Pogo (3rd), 2. DJ Excel 1998 - 1. Prime Cuts, 2. DJ Excel, 3. Tony Vegas 1999 - 1. Tony Vegas (2nd), 2. Plus One, 3. Prime Cuts 2000 - 1. Mr Thing (3rd), 2. Plus One, 3. Mad Cut, 4. Woody, 5. Tigerstyle, 6. Richie Ruftone 2001 - 1. Plus One (1st), 2. Woody, 3. Skully, 4. Mad Cut, 5. Theory, 6. Prime Time 2002 - 1. Skully (2nd), 2. Woody, 3. Tigerstyle, 4. Quest, 5. Richie Ruftone, 6. Clockwork 2003 - Quest (3rd) 2004 - DJ Blakey 2005 - Muzzell 2006 - Asian Hawk 2007 - JFB 2008 - Skully 2009 - Jeppa 2010 - Jeppa 2011 - 1. JFB, 2. Ritchie Ruftone, 3. Jeppa 2012 - 1. Ritchie Ruftone (3rd), 2. Furious P, 3. Asian Hawk 2013 - 1. Ritchie Ruftone (2nd), 2. Switch, 3. Mighty Atom / P-Nuts 2013 - Jon1st (3rd) 2014 - Ritchie Ruftone 2014 - Mr. Switch (1st) 2015 - JFB + Ritchie Ruftone - joint 1st place 3. DJ Rasp 2016 - Ritchie Ruftone 2017 - DJ Rasp 2018 - El Statiko 2019 - 1. Mike L, 2. El Statiko, 3. DJ Koncept 2020 - 1. JFB (2nd), 2. Ritchie Ruftone, 3. Tommy P-Nuts 2021 - Tommy P-Nuts 2022 - Tommy P-Nuts US DJ Champions (and world rankings) 1986 - DJ Cheese (1st)—no US Final this year, invited by Tony Prince due to winning the 1984 NMS 1987 - Joe Rodriguez (2nd) 1988 - San Diego, CA — 1. Cash Money (1st), 2. Bad Boy Bill, 3. Lightning Rich 1989 - Chicago, IL — 1. Aladdin (2nd), 2. Miz, 3. Bad Boy Bill 1990 - New York, NY — 1. Baby G, 2. Steve Dee, 3. Diamond J 1991 - Chicago, IL — 1. Q-Bert (2nd), 2. Rectangle, 3. Boogie Boy 1992 - New York, NY — 1. Rocksteady DJs (Mix Master Mike, Q-Bert, and Apollo) (1st), 2. Roc Raida 1993-94 - New York, NY — 1. Rectangle 1994-95 - New York, NY — 1. Roc Raida (1st), 2. Shortkut, 3. Ghetto 1996 - San Francisco, CA — 1. Swamp, 2. Mista Sinista, 3. Babu 1997 - New York, NY — 1. Slyce (5th), 2. Total Eclipse, 3. Craze 1998 - New York, NY — 1. Craze (1st), 2. Shortkut, 3. Dummy 1999 - San Francisco, CA — 1. P-Trix (3rd), 2. Spictakular, 3. Slyce 2000 - New York, NY — 1. Klever, 2. P-Trix, 3. Jay Slim 2001 - San Francisco, CA — 1. Klever (2nd), 2. Presyce, 3. Infamous 2002 - New York, NY — 1. Perseus, 2. Precision, 3. Smallz 2003 - Washington, DC — 1. Enferno (2nd), 2. Vajra, 3. Teeko 2004 - Ie.Merg (1st) 2005 - New York, NY - 1. Kico, 2. Perseus, 3. Donnie D 2006 - Fred Funk 2007 - Precision 2008 - Slyce (2nd) 2009 - Shiftee (1st) 2010 - Etronik 2011 - 1. Chris Karns (f/k/a Vajra) (1st), 2. I-Dee, 3. Precision 2012 - 1. Precision (2nd), 2. I-Dee, 3. DJ Manwell 2013 - 1. Esquire, 2. SpareChange, 3. Ease 2014 - 1. I-Dee (2nd), 2. Dwells, 3. Ease 2015 - 1. Precision (3rd), 2. DJ Manwell, 3. Dwells 2016 - 1. Traps (3rd), 2. Perly, 3. SpareChange 2017 - 1. Perly (1st Woman to win USA title), 2. Dwells, 3. Shmeeze 2018 - 1. Throdown, 2. FlipFlop, 3. Perly 2019 - 1. Throdown, 2. Toltech, 3. DJ Ragoza 2020 - DJ Immortal 2021 - Precision 2022 - Perly (1st Woman to win 2nd U.S. Title) Australian DJ Champions 1988 - Drew Muirhead 1989 - John Alsop 1990 - Brian "A.S.K." Patrick 1992 - KC 1993-94 - KC 1996 - 3 DJs (KC,ASK,Skizo) 1997 - Dexta 1998 - Dexta 1999 - Dexta 2000 - Dexta (2nd) 2001 - Samrai 2001 - Dirty Duo (JRED, Selekt) 2002 - Selekt 2002 - Dirty Duo (JRED, Selekt) 2003 - Staen 1 2003 - Dirty Duo (JRED, Selekt) 2004 - Staen 1 2004 - Dirty Duo (JRED, Selekt) 2005 - Staen 1 2005 - Dirty Duo (JRED, Selekt) 2006 - DJ Perplex 2007 - DJ Perplex 2008 - DJ Perplex (Note: No DMC Competition in AUS from 2009 - 2011) 2012 - DJ BTwo 2013 - DJ BTwo 2014 - DJ BTwo 2015 - Broke 2016 - DJ Osyris 2017 - DJ Osyris 2018 - DJ Midsole 2019 - DJ Wallzee 2020 - DJ Wallzee 2021 - Wild Birch 2022 - DJ Lickweed 2023 - DJ Max Best Belgium DJ Champions 1986 - Kris Kastaar (6th) 1987 - Kris Kastaar 1988 - Phil Watts 1989 - Daddy K 1990 - Daddy K 1991 - Ivan "DJ Sake" Bens 1992 - Steven Lemmens & Raf Verelst 1997 - Joss 1998 - Daddy K 1999 - Joss 2000 - Damented 2001 - Magicut 2002 - Damented 2003 - Magicut Canada DJ Champions (and world ranking) 1989 - Jam On Strong 1992 - Ground Control (team) 1996 - D-Scratch 1997 - A-Trak (1st) 1998 - Lil' Jaz 1999 - DJ Wax 2000 - DJ Pump 2001 - JR Flo 2002 - DJ Dopey (3rd) 2003 - DJ Dopey (1st) 2004 - DJ Dopey (3rd) - Defending champion 2004 - DJ Brace 2005 - DJ Drastik 2006 - Wundrkut 2007 - DJ Shub 2008 - DJ Shub 2009 - DJ Makeway 2010 - N/A 2011 - DJ Vekked 2012 - DJ Vekked 2013 - DJ Vekked 2014 - DJ Vekked 2015 - DJ Vekked (1st) 2016 - DJ Brace (2nd) 2017 - Jimmi Riggz 2018 - Jimmi Riggz 2019 - Wunderkut 2020 - DJ All Good 2021 - Jimmi Riggz 2022 - Deejay T-Jr. Denmark DJ Champions 1986 - Cutfather 1987 - Ken “The Duke” Larsen (3rd) 1988 - Cutfather (2nd) 1989 - Soulshock 1990 - Uggerløse 1991 - Uggerløse 1992 - Knud 1993-94 - Cutting Crew (3rd) 1995 - Noize (2nd) 1996 - Noize (1st) 1997 - Copenhagen Scratch Masters 1998 - Static 1999 - Static 2000 - Noize 2001 - Shine 2002 - Turkman Souljah 2003 - Turkman Souljah 2004 - Turkman Souljah 2005 - Direct 2006 - Direct 2007 - Diverse 2008 - Direct 2009 - DJ Graded 2010 - DJ Graded 2011 - DJ Graded 2012 - DJ Graded 2013 - KCL 2014 - DJ Credit 2015 - DJ Credit 2016 - DJ Credit 2017 - DJ Graded 2018 - DJ Credit 2019 - DJ NeedleSplit 2020 - DJ FMD 2021 - DJ FMD 2022 - DJ FMD Finland DJ Champions 1967 - Jyräys (Jyrki Hämäläinen) 1977 - Dj Edward (Markku Vesala) 1983 - Salsa (Tero Sinisalo) 1987 - Dj Kaippa (Kari Kaivola) 1988 - Dj Käpä (Kari Vesala) 1989 - Eliot Ness 1990 - Eliot Ness 1991 - Eliot Ness 1995 - JS-16 (Jaakko Salovaara) 1997 - Dj Peltsi (Mikko Peltola) 1998 - Tico (Antti Anttonen) 2000 - DJ Anselmi (Anselmi Kuusisto) 2001 - Sampl (Sami Pitkänen) 2002 - Sampl (Sami Pitkänen) France DJ Champions 1986 - Dee Nasty 1987 - Dee Nasty 1988 - Dee Nasty 1989 - Jimmy Jay 1990 - DJ Max 1991 - Crazy B 1992 - Crazy Fast Nefis (2nd) 1993-94 - Alliance Ethnik (2nd) 1994-95 - LF Pee 1996 - Crazy B 1997 - Crazy B (2nd) 1998 - Crazy B (2nd) 1999 - DJ Pone 2000 - DJ Pone 2001 - DJ Pone 2002 - DJ Pone 2003 - DJ Gero 2004 - DJ Gero 2005 - DJ Pfel (2nd) 2006 - DJ Netik (1st) 2007 - DJ Fly (3rd) 2008 - DJ Fly (1st) 2009 - LigOne (3rd) 2010 - LigOne (1st) 2011 - DJ Skillz 2012 - DJ Skillz 2013 - DJ Fly (1st) 2014 - Groove Sparkz 2015 - DJ Skillz 2016 - DJ Skillz 2017 - DJ Skillz (2nd) 2018 - DJ Skillz (1st) 2019 - Adjectif 2020 - Tony J Cut 2021 - Prmx 2022 - Prmx Germany DJ Champions 1988 - Romeo Maramigi 1989 - Cool Cut 1990 - David (1st) 1991 - MPK 1992 - Shahin 1993-94 - Shahin 1994-95 - Splinta 1996 - Ray-D & Mem-Brain 1997 - Ray-D 1998 - Angelo Farce 1999 - G-Spot 2000 - Razor 2001 - Kid Fresh 2002 - 1. M-Tech, 2. J-Bounce, 3. Rafik 2003 - 1. J-Bounce, 2. Rasgunyado, 3. Rafik 2004 - 1. Rafik (2nd), 2. Taim, 3. Ansorge 2005 - Pro-Zeiko 2006 - DJ Rafik (3rd) 2007 - DJ Rafik (1st) 2008 - DJ Rob Bankz 2009 - DJ Clear 2010 - DJ Crazy Cuts 2011 - Short-T 2012 - Short-T 2013 - N/A 2014 - N/A 2015 - N/A 2016 - S-Trix 2017 - DJ Robert Smith Greece DJ Champions 1991 - Sparky T 1992 - Supreme Team 1993-94 - Supreme Team 1995 - Smartie 1996 - Sparky T 1997 - Sparky T 1998 - Sparky T 1999 - Sparky T 2000 - Kid Stretch 2001 - Expert Holland DJ Champions 1986 - Orlando Voorn [3rd] 1987 - Orlando Voorn 1988 - Guan Elzoom (All-Star Fresh) [3rd] 1989 - Erick Eerdhuijzen 1990 - DCS 1991 - DCS 1992 - Voodoo Child & Pavo 1996 - Aux II 1997 - Aux II 1998 - Rockid 1999 - Kypski 2000 - Rockid 2001 - Rockid 2002 - Rockid 2003 - Savage 2004 - Irie 2005 - Irie 2006 - DJ Rachi Hong Kong DJ Champions 1988 - Simon Choi 1989 - Kenvis Leung 1990 - Kenvis Leung 1991 - DJ Tommy 1992 - DJ Tommy 1993-94 - Jambox (Team) 1994-95 - Janva Tam 1996 - DJ Tommy (2nd) 1998 - DJ Galaxy 1999 - DJ Galaxy 2000 - DJ Frankie 2001 - DJ Beware 2002 - DJ Beware 2003 - DJ Beware 2004 - Lazyming 2005 - Lazyming 2006 - Mikey 2007 - Mikey 2008 - DJ Soda (last round) Ireland DJ Champions 1990 - Mek 1991 - Mek 1992 - Mek 1998 - Wool 1999 - Mek 2000 - JP 2002 - Tu-Ki 2003 - Tu-Ki Italy DJ Champions 1987 - Silver 1988 - Lorenzo Bossina 1989 - Cutmaster G 1990 - Francesco Zappala (2nd) 1991 - DJ Trip 1992 - KK (3rd; Team) 1993-94 - Daniele Mondello 1994-95 - Daniele Mondello 1996 - Black Sun (Team) 1997 - DJ Nike 1998 - DJ Kollasso 1999 - DJ Inesha 2000 - DJ Inesha 2001 - DJ Myke 2002 - DJ Myke 2003 - N/A 2004 - DJ Gengis 2005 - N/A 2006 - N/A 2007 - DJ Craim 2008 - DJ Craim 2009 - Mandrayq 2010 - Mandrayq 2011 - Mandrayq 2012 - Mandrayq 2013 - DJ Bicchio 2014 - DJ Bicchio 2015 - DJ P-Kut 2016 - DJ Kün-Kut 2017 - DJ Ghost 2018 - Antares Color 2019 - Dj Ghost 2019 - Dj Bront (Battle For Supremacy) 2020 - Dj Bront Japan DJ Champions (And world rankings) 1990 - DJ Yoshi 1991 - DJ Yoshi (3) 1992 - DJ Ta-Shi (5) 1993/1994 - Ta-Shi & Yoshi 1995 - Norito 1996 - DJ Takada 1997 - DJ Akakabe (4) 1998 - 1. Akakabe (4th), 2. Shin, 3. Hinga Higa, 4. Micky, 5. Taiji 1999 - DJ Takada 2000 - DJ Hanger 2001 - DJ Kentaro (T3) 2002 - DJ Kentaro (1) 2003 - DJ Yasa 2004 - 1. Taiji, 2. Yasa, 3. Hi-C 2005 - DJ Izoh (3) 2006 - DJ Yasa (2) 2007 - DJ Yasa (2) 2007 - DJ Miya Jima 2008 - Co-Ma (3) 2009 - Co-Ma (2) 2010 - Co-Ma (2) 2010 - DJ Blu (3) 2011 - DJ Izoh (2) 2011 - Co-Ma (3) 2012 - DJ Izoh (1) 2013 - DJ Fummy 2014 - DJ Hi-C 2015 - DJ Shota 2016 - DJ Yuto (1) 2017 - DJ Rena (1) 2018 - DJ Fummy (2) 2019 - DJ Anonymous 2020 - 14 (issi) New Zealand DJ Champions 1990 - Rhys B 1991 - Raw 2000 - Raw 2001 - P-Money (3rd equal DMC World Champion) 2002 - Alphabethead 2003 - CXL 2004 - Manchoo 2005 - Abbott 2008 - Impact 2009 - Impact 2013 - Gooda 2014 - Spell 2015 - Spell (2nd DMC World Champion) 2016 - Ruse 2017 - Spell (1st DMC Online World Champion) 2017 - Gooda 2018 - K-Swizz (1st DMC World Supremacy Champion) Youngest ever 14yrs 2019 - K-Swizz (2nd DMC World Champion) & (2nd DMC World Supremacy Champion) & (2nd DMC Online World Champion) 2020 - K-Swizz (1st Rest of the World Champion) & (3rd DMC World Champion) 2021 - K-Swizz (1st Rest of the World Champion) & (2nd DMC World Champion) 2022 - K-Swizz (1st DMC World Champion) & (1st DMC Beat Juggling World Champion) Philippines DJ Champions 1991 - DJ MOD (Master of Disaster) 1992 - The Mega Team (DJ MOD, DJ Sonny, DJ Ouch) 1993 - Dub Meeh Cramps (Dubmenext, DJ Meeh!, DJ Cramps) 1994/5 - DJ Kid 1996 - Radikal MK 1997 - DJ Kid 1998 - DJ Coki 1999 - DJ Sir Scratch 2000 - Radikal MK 2001 - DJ Coki 2002 - DJ Sir Scratch 2003 - Jam Masta 2004 - DJ Rocky Rock 2005 - Jam Masta 2006 - DJ Supreme Fist 2007 - Jam Masta 2008 - Skin Kadafi 2009 - Jam Masta 2010 - Jam Masta 2011 - Jam Masta 2012 - DJ Gilbert 2013 - DJ Gilbert 2014 - DJ Encee 2015 - jm_clubking23 2016 - jm_clubking23 2017 - jm_clubking23 2018 - DJ Sir Scratch 2019 - jm_clubking23 "Rest of the World" DJ Champions In 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic the National Championship were also held online. Countries without a ruling DMC governing body competed in a "Rest of the World" battle. This battle was continued after the pandemic too and the same rule applied. 2020 - 1. DJ K-SWIZZ (New Zealand) 2. joint 2nd place 69Beats (Poland) and DELightfull (Bulgaria) 2021 - 1. DJ K-SWIZZ (New Zealand) 2. DJ Kevin Adam (Indonesia) 3. Nago (Netherlands) 2022 - 1. Yoshidog (Australia) 2. Nago (Netherlands) 3. DJ ER (Paraguay) 2023 - 1. DELightfull (Bulgaria) 2. Nest (France) 3. DJ Kevin Adam (Indonesia) Spain DJ Champions 1986 - Mike Platinas 1987 - Mike Platinas 1988 - Dimas "D-Formation" Carbajo 1989 - Dimas "D-Formation" Carbajo 1990 - Pedro Cortes 1991 - Tony Technics 1992 - Ricardo Matias & Miguel Angel Arpres 1994 - DJ Attack (team) 1995 - Gonzalo 1996 - Loomy 1997 - Loomy 1998 - Loomy 1999 - Dare 2000 - Tedu 2001 - Jekey 2002 - Jekey 2003 - Jekey 2006 - Loomy 2014 - Datflex 2020 - Datflex 2021 - Dj CHK & Dj Datflex (tie 15 pnts) 2022 - DJ Ricardo Sweden DJ Champions 1985 - Roger Tuuri (3rd) 1986 - Roger Tuuri (4th) 1987 - Robert "Micro" Molnar 1988 - Rob Wåtz 1989 - Rasmus Lindvall 1990 - Robert "Micro" Molnar 1991 - 1st Björn Starfeldt 2.Pierre Jerksten 3.Mika Snickars 1992 - Pierre Jerksten 1993-94 - 1210 Jazz 1994-95 - 1210 Jazz 1996 - 1st Tony "Cole" Marasevic 2.Willrock 3.Mika Snickars 1997 - 1st Amato 2.Mika Snickars 3.1210 Jazz 1998 - 1st Mika Snickars 2. Tie Camilo/Fanatic 1999 - 1210 Jazz 2000 - Amato 2003 - 1st Confuze 2.Kid Sid 3.Node 2004 - 1st Kid Sid 2.Ego 3.Technical 2005 - 1st Kid Sid 2.Prao D 3.Ego 2006 - 1st Kid Sid 2007 - Ego 2008 - Alex Norberg 2015 - Besh One 2021 - Dj Camilo (Rest of the world finalist) 2022 - Dj Camilo (world finalist, beatjuggling and foundation category) Switzerland DJ Champions 1986 - Patrick Zuerrer 1987 - Rolf Anderegg 1988 - KZ 1989 - Keys One 1990 - Keys One 1991 - Jeff 1992 - Jeff 1993 - Jeff 1997 - Goo 1998 - Jay-K 1999 - Jay-K 2000 - Sensay 2001 - Jay-K 2002 - Jay-K Thailand DJ Champions 2020 - DJ Steez Turkey DJ Champions 1997 — DJ ACE 1998 — DJ ACE Battle for World Supremacy Champions 2000 - Kodh (France) def. Skully (UK) 2001 - Netik (France) def. Snayk Eyez (US) 2002 - Netik (France) 2003 - Tigerstyle (UK) def. M-Rock (Canada) 2004 - Akakabe (Japan) def. Silk Kuts (UK) 2005 - Pro Zeiko (Germany) 2006 - Co-Ma (Japan) 2007 - DJ Shiftee (USA) 2008 - DJ Switch (UK) 2009 - DJ Switch (UK) def. DJ Nelson (France) 2010 - DJ Switch (UK) def. Getback (France) 2011 - DJ Nelson (France) def. Norihito (Japan) 2012 - DJ Vekked (Canada) def. Ritchie Ruftone (UK) 2013 - Ritchie Ruftone (UK) def. DJ Vekked (Canada) 2014 - IFTW (USA) def. DJ Vekked (Canada) 2015 - DJ Precision (USA) def. DJ Erick Jay (Brazil) 2016 - DJ Erick Jay (Brazil) def. DJ Fummy (Japan) 2017 - DJ Yukichi (Japan) def. DJ Dwells (USA) 2018 - DJ K-SWIZZ (New Zealand) - Youngest winner at age 14 2019 - DJ Matsunaga (Japan) 2021 - DJ Erick Jay (Brazil) 2022 - DJ Topic (France) def. DJ Erick Jay (Brazil) Breakdown by country (20 in total): 5 UK 5 France 4 Japan 3 USA 2 Brazil 1 Canada 1 Germany 1 New Zealand Battle For Supremacy (UK) Champions (and world rankings) 2000 - Skully (2nd) 2001 - Madcut 2002 - Ritchie Ruftone 2003 - Tigerstyle (1st) 2004 - Silk Kuts (2nd) 2005 - Matman 2006 - DJ Switch - youngest UK champion of any category aged 17 2007 - DJ Switch 2008 - DJ Switch (1st) 2009 - DJ Rasp 2009 - DJ Switch - Defending Battle For World Supremacy (1st) 2010 - Deceptakut 2010 - DJ Switch - Defending Battle For World Supremacy (1st) 2011 - DJ Dissect 2012 - Ritchie Ruftone - Returns to DMC 10 years later 2013 - Ritchie Ruftone (1st) 2014 - Ritchie Ruftone - Defending champion 2014 - DJ Rasp 2015 - Ritchie Ruftone - 2nd place Dj El Statiko represented uk at the dmc worlds 2016 - DJ X-Rated 2017 - DJ X-Rated 2018 - DJ Koncept Battle For Supremacy (US) Champions (And world rankings) 2000 - DJ Supa Dave 2000 - DJ Snayk Eyez 2001 - DJ Snayk Eyez (2nd) 2001 - DJ Tragik 2001 - DJ Impereal 2002 - DJ Kico 2003 - ie.Merg 2004 - ie.Merg 2005 - DJ I-Dee 2006 - DJ Etronik 2007 - DJ Shiftee (1st) 2008 - DJ SPS 2009 - DJ Supreme 2010 - DJ Solo 2011 - DJ Fascinate 2012 - DJ Esquire 2013 - DJ Etronik 2014 - IFTW (1st) 2015 - DJ Precision (1st) 2016 - DJ Etronik 2017 - DJ Dwells (2nd) 2018 - DJ Toltech 2019 - DJ As-One World Team Champions 1999 - Scratch Perverts (UK) - Prime Cuts, Tony Vegas, Mr Thing, First Rate 2000 - The Allies (USA/Canada) - Craze, A Trak 2001 - Perverted Allies (UK/USA/Canada) - Prime Cuts, Tony Vegas, Craze, Infamous 2002 - Birdy Nam Nam (France) - Crazy B, Need, Lil Mike, Pone 2003 - C2C (France) - Pfel, Atom, Greem, 20Syl 2004 - C2C (France) 2005 - C2C (France) 2006 - C2C (France) 2007 - Kireek (Japan) - Hi-C, Yasa 2008 - Kireek (Japan) 2009 - Kireek (Japan) 2010 - Kireek (Japan) 2011 - Kireek (Japan) - The first team to win 5 world championships in a row. 2012 - The Mixfitz (Belgium) - DJ Jack, DJ Damented, DJ Cross 2013 - 9 O'clock (France) - DJ Hertz, Aociz & Mr Viktor 2014 - 9 O'clock (France) 2015 - 9 O'clock (France) 2016 - DJ Netik & DJ Fly (France) 2017 - The Fresherthans (Canada) - Vekked, DJ Brace 2021 - Brexecutioners (UK) 2022 - Needlework Scratch Crew (Poland) Breakdown by country (19 in total): 9 France 5 Japan 3 Canada 3 UK 2 USA 1 Belgium 1 Poland UK Team Champions (and world rankings) 1999 - Scratch Perverts (1st) 1999 - The En4cers (2nd) 2000 - The Mixologists (3rd) 2001 - The Mixologists (2nd) 2002 - Flaredycats 2003 - Truesicians 2004 - The Disablists - Mighty Atom, Asian Hawk and Clever Monkey 2005 - The Disablists (3rd) 2006 - The Disablists (2nd) 2007 - The Disablists 2008 - Bionic Stylus - DJ Switch, FuriousP, Cable, Loop Skywalker 2009 - Bionic Stylus (3rd) 2010 - Bionic Stylus (3rd) 2011 - Invincible Armour 2012 - N/A 2013 - Bionic Stylus 2014 - N/A 2015 - N/A 2016 - N/A US Team Champions (And world rankings) 1999 - The Allies- Craze, A Trak, Infamous (2nd) 1999 - The Immortal Fader Fyters 2000 - The Allies- Craze, A Trak (1st) 2001 - Superfriends 2002 - Evolution DJs 2003 - Evolution DJs 2004 - Evolution DJs 2005 - Battle-Star 2006 - Animal Crackers 2007 - N/A 2008 - Angry EXs 2009 - Battle-Star: Turbulence & Phonics 2010 - Battle-Star: Turbulence & Phonics 2011 - Battle-Star: Turbulence & Phonics (3rd) 2012 - BattleStar Massive: Cwitch, Virusss, Rayted R & Image (4th) 2013 - BattleStar Massive: Cwitch, Virusss & Rayted R (3rd) 2014 - Chicago Turntablist Authority: Ambidecktriks, Toltech & RTST (4th) 2015 - Chicago Turntablist Authority: Ambidecktriks, Toltech, J.Marz & RTST 2016 - Chicago Turntablist Authority: Toltech, J.Marz & RTST 2017 - N/A 2018 - N/A DMC Online World Champions 2011 - DJ Unkutt (Germany) 2012 - DJ Fong Fong (France) 2013 - Jon1st (UK) 2014 - DJ I-Dee (USA) 2015 - DJ Vekked (Canada) 2016 - DJ Brace (Canada), 2. DJ Buruaaaa (Japan) 2017 - Spell (New Zealand) 2018 - DJ Skillz (France) 2019 - 1. DJ Erick Jay (Brazil), 2. K-Swizz (New Zealand), 3. DJ Buruaaaa (Japan) 2020 - DJ Skillz (France) DMC Online Team Champions 2015 - The Fresherthans (Canada) - Winners of the First Tournament 2016 - DJ Fly & DJ Netik (France) 2017 - The Fresherthans (Canada) 2021 - Brexecutioners (UK) 2022 - Needlework Scratch Crew (Poland) DMC World DJ Hall of Fame Champion 1996 - DJ Cheese - (1986 World Champion) 1997 - Cash Money - (1988 World Champion) 1998 - The DreamTeam - (2 time World Champion & 1992 USA Champions) 1999 - Roc Raida - (1995 World Champion) 2000 - Chad Jackson - (1987 World Champion & 2 time UK Champion) 2001 - Cutmaster Swift - (1989 World Champion & 2 time UK Champion) 2002 - DJ David - (The first World Champion twice 1990/1991) 2003 - DJ Craze - (3x World Champion, 2000 World Team Champions W/A-Trak, 2x USA Team Champions) 2004 - Roger Johnson - (The first Champion of DMC) 2005 - DJ Kentaro - (2002 World Champion & 2001 Japan Champion) 2006 - DJ Noize - (1996 World Champion) 2007 - A-Trak (1997 World Champion) 2008 - Scratch Perverts - (The first World Team Champions) 2009 - C2C - (4x Team World Champion) 2010 - KOHD - (First DMC Battle For World Supremacy champion) 2011 - Plus One - (2001 World Champion & the first DJ to receive multiple nominations) 2012 - DJ Netik - (2006 World Champion, 2x Battle for World Supremacy) 2012 - Birdy Nam Nam - (2002 World Team champions) 2013 - DJ Dopey - (2003 DMC World Champion) 2013 - DJ Tigerstyle - (2003 Battle For World Supremacy champion) 2013 - Kireek - (5x World Team Champions in a row) 2014 - DJ Akakabe (2004 Battle for World Supremacy) 2014 - DJ Switch (2014 World Champion & 3x Battle for World Supremacy) 2015 - DJ Vekked (2015 World Champion and Online Champion, 2012 Battle for Supremacy Champion) 2015 - Pro-Zeiko (2005 Battle for World Supremacy Champion) 2015 - DJ Q*Bert (Part of the DreamTeam 1992, 1993/1994 champions) 2016 - DJ Unkut (First Online World Champion) 2016 - The Allies (2000 World Team Champions) 2016 - DJ Co-Ma (2006 Battle for World Supremacy) 2017 - DJ Rafik (2007 World Champion) 2018 - DJ Fly (2008 & 2013 World Champion, also 2007 France DMC Champion, 2016 World Team Champion along DJ Netik, in 2011 his showcase set was considered the best routine of all time in a poll in the official DMC website) 2018 - DJ Fong Fong (2012 Online World Champion) 2018 - Mix Master Mike (Part of the DreamTeam 1992, 1993/1994 champions) 2019 - DJ Shiftee (2009 World DMC Champion, 2007 Battle for World Supremacy champion) 2019 - DJ Skillz (2018 & 2019 World champion, 2018 Online champion, 6x France DMC champion) 2020 - DJ LigOne (DMC World Champion 2010 and France DMC champion) 2020 - DJ Yasa (Part of Kireek as 5x World Team Champions and 2003, 2006 and 2007 Japan DMC champion) 2020 - Crazy B (2002 World Team Champion along with team Birdy Nam Nam and France DMC champion in 1991, 1996, 1997 and 1998) 2021 - DJ Nelson (2011 Battle for World Supremacy, France Battle for World Supremacy in 2008, 2009 & 2011) 2021 - DJ Vajra fka. Chris Karns (2011 World DMC Champion) See also List of hip hop music festivals List of electronic music festivals Live electronic music References External links DMC History - DMC World DJ Championships (official championship history) Battle Chronicles #1: Pasha Kamber — 1991 DMC Germany Finals Music festivals established in 1985 DJing British music awards Electronic music festivals in Greece
Perceptive Software is a business unit of Hyland Software, Inc. Hyland announced its acquisition of Perceptive in July 2017. History The company was founded in 1988 as Genesis Software and initially produced accounts payable software applications. The name changed to Perceptive Vision in 1995, when the company's focus shifted to document management, imaging and workflow and its flagship product, ImageNow. The company became Perceptive Software in 2004 and was acquired by Lexmark International in 2010 for $280 million. Perceptive Software is one of the top 10 providers of ECM software technology in the world. In 2011, Lexmark purchased the Netherlands-based Pallas Athena in a cash transaction valued at approximately $50.2 million. The Dutch company became part of Perceptive Software. In March 2012, Lexmark International acquired Australia-based ISYS Search Software for $32 million and U.S.-based Nolij Corporation for $32 million. Nolij develops web-based document imaging and workflow software. In January 2013, Lexmark acquired Minnesota-based Acuo Technologies for $45 million. Acuo Technologies develops medical imaging document management software. In March 2013, Lexmark announced acquisitions of AccessVia and Twistage for a combined purchase price of approximately $31.5 million. In late August 2013, Lexmark signed an agreement to acquire Germany-based Saperion AG, a leading developer and provider of enterprise content management (ECM) and business process management (BPM) software in Europe, for a cash purchase price of approximately $72 million. In early October 2013, Lexmark acquired PACSGEAR for a cash purchase price of approximately $54 million. PACSGEAR will report into Perceptive Software. In November 2014, Lexmark acquired the Swedish company ReadSoft. In March 2015, Lexmark announced an agreement to acquire (technically merge with) Kofax Limited for approximately $1 billion (US). Kofax and Perceptive will constitute a Lexmark Enterprise Software unit, but specific organizational details have not been announced. In May 2017, Lexmark entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Perceptive business unit to Hyland Software. On July 10, 2017, Hyland finalized its acquisition of the Perceptive Business Unit of Lexmark International, Inc. All enterprise software business assets in the Perceptive business unit, including Perceptive Content (formerly ImageNow), Perceptive Intelligent Capture (formerly Brainware), Acuo VNA, PACSGEAR, Claron, Nolij, Saperion, Pallas Athena, ISYS and Twistage, will now operate under Hyland’s portfolio of products. Products The product focus for Perceptive Software is enterprise content management (ECM), business process management (BPM), and document output management (DOM) software technology and applications. Core components of this software are document and records management, document imaging, enterprise information management, eForms, and records and information management (RIM). The company’s business applications automate back office processes such as accounting and financials, human resources, contract management, payroll, legal and compliance. Key industries currently using Perceptive Software’s ECM applications include higher education, customer service, healthcare, government, and financial services. Awards Perceptive Software has been named a Computerworld Honors Laureate, and president and CEO Scott Coons has received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award. The Kansas City Business Journal honored Perceptive Software with its "Hall of Champions" award in 2010. Employees voted it one of Kansas City's "Best Places to Work" in 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007. Additionally, the Kansas City Business Journal named Perceptive Software a Champion of Business in 2010. Trivia The company's previous global headquarters located in Shawnee, Kansas, included a slide between the second and first floors and a regulation dodgeball court. In 2006, the company hosted its first Dodge for a Cause charity dodgeball tournament to benefit the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF). The charity tournament became an annual event, raising more than $160,000 for JDRF over 10 years' time. References Companies based in the Kansas City metropolitan area Companies based in Kansas Software companies of the United States Content management systems Lexmark Software companies based in Kansas
A horizon is a boundary in spacetime satisfying prescribed conditions. There are several types of horizons that play a role in Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity: Absolute horizon, a boundary in spacetime in general relativity inside of which events cannot affect an external observer Event horizon, a boundary in spacetime beyond which events cannot affect the observer, thus referring to a black hole's boundary and the boundary of an expanding universe Apparent horizon, a surface defined in general relativity Cauchy horizon, a surface found in the study of Cauchy problems Cosmological horizon, a limit of observability Killing horizon, a null surface on which there is a Killing vector field Particle horizon, the maximum distance from which particles can have travelled to an observer in the age of the universe General relativity
Harold Frederic Searles (September 1, 1918 – November 18, 2015) was one of the pioneers of psychiatric medicine specializing in psychoanalytic treatments of schizophrenia. Searles had the reputation of being a therapeutic virtuoso with difficult and borderline patients; and of being, in the words of Horacio Etchegoyen, president of the IPA, "not only a great analyst but also a sagacious observer and a creative and careful theoretician". Life Searles was born in 1918 at Hancock, New York, a small village in the Catskill Mountains along the Delaware River, which was the subject of many of his reminiscences in his first book, The Nonhuman Environment. He attended Cornell University and Harvard Medical School before joining the US armed services in World War II, where he served as a captain After the war he continued his psychiatric training at the Chestnut Lodge, a private sanitarium in Rockville, Maryland, from 1949 to 1951, then at the Veterans Administration Mental Hygiene Clinic in Washington, D.C., from 1951 to 1952. In 1949, he started work at Chestnut Lodge, where he stayed for the next fifteen years. His colleagues included Frieda Fromm-Reichmann, to whose philosophy of treatment he acknowledged his personal debt. Searles retired from his private practice in Washington, D.C. in the mid-1990s and moved to California in 1997, where both of his sons lived. Searles' wife, Sulvii "Sylvia" Manninen a nurse of Finnish descent, died in 2012, at the age of 93. Thereafter, Searles lived with his younger son, Donald, a Los Angeles-based attorney. Searles' daughter is Sandra Dickinson, a London-based actress. His elder son, David Searle, is a Southern California motorcycle journalist. He died on November 18, 2015, aged 97, in Los Angeles. Searles was survived by three children, five grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren. Work Countertransference Searles has been singled out as one of the pioneer investigators of the potentially useful role of countertransference, and of the therapist's use of his or her own self in treatment. In his 1959 article "Oedipal Love in the Countertransference", Searles wrote that he not only fell in Pygmalionesque love with his patients as they recovered, but also told them how he felt. Searles argued that "the patient's self-esteem benefits greatly from his sensing that he (or she) is capable of arousing such responses in his analyst"—a view which can be seen as a forerunner of intersubjective psychoanalysis with its emphasis on the spontaneous involvement of the therapist in terms of countertransference. In his later paper of 1975, "The Patient as Therapist to his Analyst", Searles argues that everybody has an urge to heal—something only distinguished in the psychotherapist in being tapped into formally. Using the concept of what he called the patient's "unconscious therapeutic initiative",—a precursor of much later thinking on patient/analyst interaction—Searles suggested that psychological illness is related to a disturbance of this natural tendency to heal others; with the surprising corollary that to help a patient the analyst/therapist must really experience the patient as doing something therapeutic for them. In his 1978–79 article, "Concerning Transference and Countertransference", Searles continued exploring intersubjectivity, building on his belief that "all patients...have the ability to 'read the unconscious' of the therapist". Searles emphasized the importance of the therapist's acknowledging the core of truth around which a patient's transference materializes. Relatedness Searles saw the schizophrenic individual as struggling with the question, not so much of how to relate, but of whether to relate to others. Searles, however, considered this merely as an exacerbated version of the same (if hidden) conflict that affects us all. Searles' interpersonal ideal – in the formulation of which he was indebted to Martin Buber – was of what he called a mature relatedness, something which involves connection without merging, or the loss of personal boundaries. "The Effort to Drive the Other Person Crazy" In an article of 1959, "The Effort to Drive the Other Person Crazy", Searles examined six modes of interpersonal communication, arguing that "each of these techniques tends to undermine the other person's confidence in his own emotional reactions and his own perception of reality". Among these techniques were switching emotional wavelengths while discussing the same topic; and dealing with different topics (life and death/trivial) while remaining on the same wavelength. Such attempts at crazy-making were often applied by patients to therapists, who had the task of enduring them without retaliation. Searles added moreover that it was important for the therapist to survive their own wish to kill the patient. Criticism Like many articles in psychoanalysis from the early and middle part of the 20th century, Searles' work reflects an older version of views on homosexuality and transsexuality that are no longer part of the current mainstream of psychoanalytic thought. Influence Arguably, Searles' work was largely ignored in the wider analytic community until the 1980s, when his radical views on the analyst's involvement through countertransference started to become more normative. Since then Jungians in particular have paid increasing attention to his work, linking his findings both to those of Jung and to the work of another maverick analyst, Robert Langs. Searles has also been associated with Donald W. Winnicott and Hans W. Loewald as psychoanalytic figures who all emphasized the importance of the part played in psychic development by the external environment. Bibliography Searles, Harold F. (1960): The Nonhuman Environment in Normal Development and in Schizophrenia. New York Searles, Harold F. (1965): Collected papers on schizophrenia and related subjects. New York: International Universities Press, Searles, Harold F. (1979): Countertransference and Related Subjects; Selected Papers. New York: International Universities Press, Searles, Harold F. and Langs, Robert (1980): Intrapsychic and Interpersonal Dimensions of Treatment. A Clinical Dialogue. New York: Jason Aronson Searles, Harold F (1986): My Work With Borderline Patients, New York: Jason Aronson, References External links American psychiatrists 21st-century American psychologists Freudians American psychoanalysts 1918 births 2015 deaths People from Delaware County, New York Harvard Medical School alumni Cornell University alumni
Invoke is just another market research company. The company is headquartered in the Boston area with offices in Los Angeles and metropolitan New York. Market Research in the United States By 2005 the company was headquartered in Massachusetts and marketed online as a hybrid qualitative-quantitative research approach under the name Invoke LIVE. The ability to capture metrics while conducting discussion-based interviews at a large scale combines elements of focus groups, in-depth interviews, and online surveys into something completely different than any of the methods alone. In 2010, eBay and Invoke were finalists at the IIR Explor Awards for research to provide feedback on eBay's Buyers and Sellers feedback system. Since 2017, Invoke has been focused on providing virtual market research services to companies in the media and entertainment industry. References Market research companies of the United States Software companies established in 1999 Companies based in Boston 1999 establishments in Israel
Air Commodore John Herbert Thomas Simpson, (26 March 1907 – 26 August 1967) was a bomber pilot during the Second World War and a senior Royal Air Force (RAF) staff officer during the 1950s. In his final appointment before retirement in 1959, Simpson was the eighth Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps. Military career Royal Air Force Simpson joined the Royal Air Force (RAF) on 30 December 1927 and completed his basic induction training at the RAF Central Depot, RAF Uxbridge and two months later transferred to the No. 2 Flying Training School as a pilot under instruction. In December 1928 he qualified as a pilot in the rank of pilot officer on a short service commission and was posted to the newly reformed No. 101 Squadron RAF at RAF Bircham Newton flying Boulton Paul Sidestrand bombers in a day-bombing role. In June 1929 he was promoted to the rank of flying officer. In April 1930 Simpson was posted to a directing staff appointment at the RAF training base at RAF Leuchars. In December 1931, he had sat the first exam taken by Short Service Commission holders to undertake specialisation training, successful completion of which would lead to the award of a Permanent Commission. He attended the extended Officer's Engineering Course at the RAF's Home Aircraft Depot RAF Henlow at the same time as Flight Lieutenant Frank Whittle, passing out as a qualified engineer and granted a permanent commission in the rank of flight lieutenant in September 1933. He was posted to the Royal Air Force College Cranwell on the college's engineering staff. In 1935 Simpson was posted overseas for three years as the Engineering Officer at the RAF Depot, India. On 1 August 1937 he returned to flying duties and was promoted to squadron leader, receiving his first command as Officer Commanding No. 60 Squadron RAF operating in the North West Frontier conflicts with Afghan tribesmen and flying Airco DH.9A and Westland Wapiti aircraft. Only nine months later he was posted as Engineering Officer at No. 3 Flying Training School at RAF Ternhill. In June 1940 he was promoted to temporary wing commander and in November 1941 he was posted as a Staff Officer at HQ No. 205 (Bomber) Group in the North African Campaign. Further promotion came in June 1942 when he became an acting group captain. On 26 April 1942, he was piloting a Vickers Wellington IC (Z1045) of No 70 Squadron, which was shot down as a result of enemy action. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Order. In July 1943 Simpson was promoted to acting air commodore and appointed as Air Officer Commanding No. 205 (Bomber) Group, a position he retained until the end of the Second World War. With the cessation of hostilities Simpson returned to the United Kingdom, reverting to the rank of group captain, where he took up the position of Station Commander at RAF Cottesmore. Between late 1945 and 1951 Simpson served in HQ Staff appointments at Bomber Command and latterly as deputy director of RAF Operations. On 18 Jun 1947, he was flying Spitfire No. SL563 of the Central Bomber Establishment on a practice flight when, on approaching to land, he discovered he could not select the undercarriage down and was forced to carry out an emergency wheels up belly skid landing at RAF Marham, which he managed successfully. For his actions he received the Air Force Cross. In 1951 Simpson returned to the rank of air commodore and after a brief spell as Senior Officer (Administration) at Headquarters No. 61 Group RAF he became Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) at Headquarters No. 22 (Training) Group. Royal Observer Corps Approaching his retirement from the RAF, on 29 March 1954 Simpson was appointed Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps, taking over from the retiring Air Commodore Gordon Herbert Vasse. Simpson retired on 1 June 1959 and died on 26 August 1967. References External links • Air of Authority – A History of RAF Organisation – Air Commodore J H T Simpson |- |- 1907 births 1967 deaths Military personnel from Essex Royal Air Force personnel of World War II British World War II pilots British World War II bomber pilots Companions of the Distinguished Service Order English aviators Foreign recipients of the Legion of Merit People of the Royal Observer Corps Recipients of the Air Force Cross (United Kingdom) Royal Air Force officers Shot-down aviators
The DOS API is an API which originated with 86-DOS and is used in MS-DOS/PC DOS and other DOS-compatible operating systems. Most calls to the DOS API are invoked using software interrupt 21h (INT 21h). By calling INT 21h with a subfunction number in the AH processor register and other parameters in other registers, various DOS services can be invoked. These include handling keyboard input, video output, disk file access, program execution, memory allocation, and various other activities. In the late 1980s, DOS extenders along with the DOS Protected Mode Interface (DPMI) allow the programs to run in either 16-bit or 32-bit protected mode and still have access to the DOS API. History of the DOS API The original DOS API in 86-DOS and MS-DOS 1.0 was designed to be functionally compatible with CP/M. Files were accessed using file control blocks (FCBs). The DOS API was greatly extended in MS-DOS 2.0 with several Unix concepts, including file access using file handles, hierarchical directories and device I/O control. In DOS 3.1, network redirector support was added. In MS-DOS 3.31, the INT 25h/26h functions were enhanced to support hard disks greater than 32 MB. MS-DOS 5 added support for using upper memory blocks (UMBs). After MS-DOS 5, the DOS API was unchanged for the successive standalone releases of DOS. The DOS API and Windows In Windows 9x, DOS loaded the protected-mode system and graphical shell. DOS was usually accessed from a virtual DOS machine (VDM) but it was also possible to boot directly to real mode MS-DOS 7.0 without loading Windows. The DOS API was extended with enhanced internationalization support and long filename support, though the long filename support was only available in a VDM. With Windows 95 OSR2, DOS was updated to 7.1, which added FAT32 support, and functions were added to the DOS API to support this. Windows 98 and Windows ME also implement the MS-DOS 7.1 API, though Windows ME reports itself as MS-DOS 8.0. Windows NT and the systems based on it (e.g. Windows XP and Windows Vista) are not based on MS-DOS, but use a virtual machine, NTVDM, to handle the DOS API. NTVDM works by running a DOS program in virtual 8086 mode (an emulation of real mode within protected mode available on 80386 and higher processors). NTVDM supports the DOS 5.0 API. DOSEMU for Linux uses a similar approach. Interrupt vectors used by DOS The following is the list of interrupt vectors used by programs to invoke the DOS API functions. DOS INT 21h services The following is the list of functions provided via the DOS API primary software interrupt vector. Operating systems with native support MS-DOS – most widespread implementation PC DOS – IBM OEM version of MS-DOS OS/2 1.x – Microsoft/IBM successor to MS-DOS and PC DOS SISNE plus – Clone created by Itautec and Scopus Tecnologia in Brazil DR-DOS – Digital Research DOS family, including Novell DOS, PalmDOS, OpenDOS, etc. PTS-DOS – PhysTechSoft & Paragon DOS clone, including S/DOS ROM-DOS – Datalight ROM DOS version Embedded DOS – General Software version FreeDOS – Free, open source DOS clone ReactOS (IA-32 and x86-64 versions) Windows 95 – contains MS-DOS 7.0 Windows 98 – contains MS-DOS 7.1 Windows 98 SE – contains MS-DOS 7.1 Windows ME – contains MS-DOS 8.0 Operating systems with DOS emulation layer Concurrent CP/M-86 (3.1 only) with PCMODE – Digital Research CP/M-86-based OS with optional PC DOS emulator Concurrent DOS – Digital Research CDOS family with built-in PC DOS emulator DOS Plus – a stripped-down single-user variant of Concurrent PC DOS 4.1–5.0 Multiuser DOS – Digital Research/Novell MDOS family including Datapac System Manager, IMS REAL/32, etc. OS/2 (2.x and later) – IBM operating system using a fully-licensed MS-DOS 5.0 in a virtual machine Windows NT (all versions except 64-bit editions and 32-bit ARM editions) Other emulators NTVDM for Windows NT DOSEMU for Linux DOSBox ReactOS See also BIOS interrupt call Ralf Brown's Interrupt List (RBIL) Comparison of DOS operating systems DOS Protected Mode Interface (DPMI) DOS extender DOS MZ executable COMMAND.COM References Further reading (xvii+1053 pages; 29 cm) (NB. This original edition contains flowcharts of the internal workings of the system. It was withdrawn by Microsoft before mass-distribution in 1986 because it contained many factual errors as well as some classified information which should not have been published. Few printed copies survived. It was replaced by a completely reworked edition in 1988. ) (xix+1570 pages; 26 cm) (NB. This edition was published in 1988 after extensive rework of the withdrawn 1986 first edition by a different team of authors. ) IBM PC DOS 7 Technical Update (Printed in the UK.) External links The x86 Interrupt List (a.k.a. RBIL, Ralf Brown's Interrupt List) ctyme.com - INT Calls by function wustl.edu - Description of MS-DOS services MS-DOS Interrupts DOS technology Operating system APIs X86 architecture Interrupts
Active policy management is business-oriented enterprise software that provides an approach for efficiently and effectively addressing the many risks inherent in electronic communication. With the exponential growth in the use of electronic communication, many businesses are exposed to significant risks every day. These risks range from non-compliance with various regulations, to the leakage of intellectual property, and to inappropriate or offensive employee behavior. Active Policy Management enables a business to accurately detect the violations, to take the appropriate action (even blocking the message from being sent), and to quickly find and review the violation in order to address the situation, preventing further damage. There are many channels of electronic communication including e-mail, Web-based e-mail, instant messaging, messages sent from a Bloomberg terminal, mobile e-mail sent from a handheld device such as a BlackBerry, general use of a web browser, ftp, file copying (e.g. memory sticks) and many others. Electronic communication policy The key to effective detection of violations in electronic communication is policy. Policy for electronic communication defines who can send what to whom, and, if a violation is detected, what action to take. A policy is designed to address a specific issue or risk. Examples include: Certain reports cannot be sent externally without a proper disclaimer being present Certain employees cannot communicate about a business matter with other employees Documents intended for internal use only must not be sent to a recipient who is not a company employee Policy can only be effective at identifying violations if it can understand the true intent of a message. Policies based only on a list of words or a lexicon generally cannot perform this task. For any APM solution to be effective, it must have a proven technology to define and deploy accurate policy. And by “proven”, an interested party should inquire as to a particular solution’s successful installation at one or more customers. Application areas APM has three primary application areas. Real-Time Prevention, Intelligent Review, and Smart Tagging. Real-Time Prevention can detect violations in electronic communication before a message has been sent (and before it has been delivered to an intended recipient). By doing this, a violation is prevented from having occurred. And, in the case where archive software is used, a message that has not been sent will not be ingested by an archive or be retrievable at a later date. Intelligent Review can detect violations in electronic communication after a message has been sent. Intelligent Review also creates extremely targeted queues of messages that have a high likelihood of having violated an important corporate or regulatory policy. A reviewer or supervisor can easily access these relevant messages in order to thoroughly audit them. An audit can include flagging, exporting, approving, rejecting, and escalating a message. Smart Tagging analyzes messages and assigns them to one or more categories. This categorization can be used for selective message archiving, to retain messages based on their content, and to enhance message retrieval for investigative purposes. Industry relevance Virtually all businesses use electronic communication and are exposed to the inherent risks therein. Certain businesses are exposed to more risks than others. Heavily regulated industries such as financial services have a very strong need for APM. Industries where companies have many of their intellectual property assets in digital form would benefit from protecting those assets with APM. Other industries that would benefit from using APM include those where companies are concerned with corporate behavior and governance and those that use archive software to store messages for long periods of time, often for at least 3 years. See also Enterprise software Regulatory compliance E-mail SEC Financial Industry Regulatory Authority NYSE Intellectual property Archive Business software Enterprise software
Ocrad is an optical character recognition program and part of the GNU Project. It is free software licensed under the GNU GPL. Based on a feature extraction method, it reads images in portable pixmap formats known as Portable anymap and produces text in byte (8-bit) or UTF-8 formats. Also included is a layout analyser, able to separate the columns or blocks of text normally found on printed pages. User interface Ocrad can be used as a stand-alone command-line application or as a back-end to other programs. Kooka, which was the KDE environment's default scanning application until KDE 4, can use Ocrad as its OCR engine. Since conversion to newer Qt versions, current versions of KDE no longer contain Kooka; development continues in the KDE git repository. Ocrad can be also used as an OCR engine in OCRFeeder. History Ocrad has been developed by Antonio Diaz Diaz since 2003. Version 0.7 was released in February 2004, 0.14 in February 2006 and 0.18 in May 2009. It is written in C++. Archives of the bug-ocrad mailing list go back to October 2003. Notes References External links Ocrad GNU Project Homepage Peter Selinger's Review of Linux OCR software (2007) Andreas Gohr Linux OCR Software Comparison (2010) Online OCR server powered by Ocrad Tesseract & Ocrad comparison, Linux Journal (2007) Free software programmed in C++ GNU Project software Optical character recognition 2003 software
BBR may refer to: Arts and entertainment Bitches brauchen Rap, an album by German rapper Shirin David Black Box Recorder, a British band The Black Box Revelation, a Belgian alternative rock band Boom Boom Rocket, an Xbox video game Organisations Belize Bird Rescue Berry Bros. & Rudd, a London-based wine merchant Billionaire Boys Racing, a Thai auto racing team Broken Bow Records, a country music label Technology Behavior-based robotics TCP BBR, a network congestion control algorithm Transport SBA Airlines (ICAO code BBR, 1995–2018), Venezuelan Beitbridge Bulawayo Railway, between Zimbabwe and South Africa Barasat Basirhat Railway (1914–1955), near Kolkata, India Bennett Brook Railway, in Perth, Western Australia Other uses Bulletin for Biblical Research, a journal 4.5-Inch Beach Barrage Rocket, a World War II U.S. Navy weapon
68K/OS was a computer operating system developed by GST Computer Systems for the Sinclair QL microcomputer. It was commissioned by Sinclair Research in February 1983. However, after the official launch of the QL in January 1984, 68K/OS was rejected, and production QLs shipped with Sinclair's own Qdos operating system. GST later released 68K/OS as an alternative to Qdos, in the form of an EPROM expansion card, and also planned to use it on single-board computers based on the QL's hardware. The operating system was developed by Chris Scheybeler, Tim Ward, Howard Chalkley and others. The few ROM cards that were made mean that surviving examples now fetch a high price: On Feb 04, 2010 one sold for £310 on eBay. References External links GST Assembler, Adder Assembler - Sinclair User, April 1985 QL Pictures Gallery 68k/OS manuals and documentation Proprietary operating systems Sinclair Research Discontinued operating systems 68k architecture
MinEd (pronounced min-ed) is a terminal-based text editor providing extensive Unicode and CJK support, available under the GPL. Mined is available for Unix and Linux, Windows, DOS, and VMS systems. Features Mined is a modeless editor, with menus and mouse support, and key bindings optimized for intuitive and fast navigation (optionally using control key bindings or various editors). It fully supports Unicode, including combining characters and bi-directional text, as well as converting to and from a large number of legacy encodings. Mined also contains functionality usually only found in word processors, such as smart quotes. File management Mined has an interactive file chooser; backup files (optionally versioned), file locking and recovery files which are interoperable with other editors, and file change monitoring. See also List of text editors Comparison of text editors References External links Free software programmed in C Unix text editors MacOS text editors Free text editors DOS text editors
Cortex Command is a two-dimensional side-scrolling action game developed by Swedish studio Data Realms since 2001. Gameplay The player takes the role of a stationary or mobile "brain", which can take control of other purchased units in order to accomplish objectives. Missions range from tasks such as retrieving a control chip in a cave filled with zombies to defending the brain from attack. As the brain is weak, the player must manage his resources carefully, protecting the brain, mining gold and fighting off enemies. The game includes the ability for players to create mods (additions and changes to the game) with the built in Lua programming applet and simple scripting. Development The game engine was designed and built by Dan Tabár, using several open-source libraries. The GUI was built by Jason Boettcher, the artwork is by Arne Niklas Jansson, and the macOS port is by Chris Kruger, while the Linux port was developed by Jesus Higueras. The game was first released as an open beta and was later released for purchase with a time-limited demo version available as well. As of May 2008, the game was described as being in development for approximately seven years, with Dan Tabár quitting his job in mid-2006 to work full-time on the project. No versions for game consoles were produced. The game allows several components to be modified using Lua and INI files, such as Scenes (or levels), Actors, Weapons, and more. Influences for the game include the X-COM: UFO Defense series. On 28 September 2012 the game was finally released in version 1.0 on Steam. In July 2019 the source code was released as open source software under the AGPL-3.0-only software license on GitHub. The game's soundtrack has been composed by Danny Baranowsky. Setting Despite the fact that the main story has been scrapped, Cortex Command does have some background lore. Sometime in the mid-to-far future after humanity suffered a war brought on by a religious group, Brain transplant and life support technology was developed to make space travel more feasible. This leads to humans making contact with alien life forms, and Founding Free Trade. Free Trade is one of the biggest if not the biggest corporations in the whole Orion Spur. But humanity doesn't stop there, despite humanity having long abandoned their bodies, they still kept the stubborn will to fight. With contracting being open to the highest bidder, prospectors fight on earth-like planets with rich gold deposits, while being supplied by companies like Alchiral or Free Trade. Reception The control system for the unfinished version of the game has been described as "too fiddly to be considered entertaining" in 2007. Others described the game as requiring patience, asking players to "take [their] time and experiment". The game has been compared to other games in the genre, such as GunBound and Worms. Positive reviews praise the detailed physics, as well as the chaotic gameplay. Cortex Command was the Indie Games Game of the Month for April 2008. Cortex Command won the Audience Award and Technical Excellence award at the 2009 Independent Games Festival. References External links Action games MacOS games Windows games Linux games Lua (programming language)-scripted video games Independent Games Festival winners Video games with Steam Workshop support 2012 video games Split-screen multiplayer games Video games developed in Sweden Commercial video games with freely available source code
was a Japanese video game developer founded in 1994 by former Toaplan employees after the latter company declared bankruptcy the same year. History After Toaplan declared bankruptcy, Gazelle was founded by Tatsuya Uemura, Junya Inoue, Mikio Yamaguchi, Kaneyo Ōhira, and Yoshitatsu Sakai. The new firm originally focused on printed circuit board exportation prior to game development. Cave co-founder Tsuneki Ikeda refused to join the company. According to Uemura, his former Toaplan CEO sold the company's IPs to both Gazelle and Raizing but doubted about the procedure's overall legality. During its existence, Gazelle developed three arcade titles for Banpresto, utilizing Atlus's chipset and platform: Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon, Air Gallet, and Quiz Bishōjo Senshi Sailor Moon: Chiryoku Tairyoku Toki no Un. The company also ported three Toaplan titles to fifth generation game consoles, among other projects. Prior to ceasing game development and closure, many of the company's staff later joined Cave and Raizing. Games developed Notes References Defunct video game companies of Japan Video game companies established in 1994 Video game companies disestablished in 2002 Video game development companies
IronScheme is an implementation of the Scheme programming language targeting the Microsoft .NET Framework. IronScheme is a complete rewrite of IronLisp, incorporating lessons learnt while developing IronLisp. IronScheme was planning to build upon the Microsoft Dynamic Language Runtime, but decided to abandon this idea because the DLR branch the project used became out of sync with the trunk, and also because the DLR, according to the developers, could not support the majority of the Scheme's requirements. IronScheme eventually made a limited use of its own version of the Microsoft's DLR, but it had to patch it to be able to implement some required Scheme features like tail call elimination. See also Scheme (programming language) References External links IronScheme on GitHub .NET programming languages Beta software Scheme (programming language) implementations
The John Lennon Artificial Intelligence Project is a chatterbot designed to simulate a conversation with John Lennon. It was developed as a "Persona-Bot" by Triumph PC Online, based in Washington, D.C. Triumph PC's "Persona-Bots" are software programs that attempt to mimic the personalities or quirks of particular historical figures in conversation. In development since 1997, the JLAI Project (originally called the Plastic Digital Karma Project) claims to have achieved similarity to Lennon's speech patterns, but still has a way to go to achieve the seamlessness of a conversation with a real person. References Feature in the Evening Standard Article in Stereophile Article in the Austin Chronicle Official site Chatbots Artificial Intelligence Project
Crosstalk Mk.4 was a commercially available PC telecommunications and terminal emulation software package originally produced by Atlanta-based Crosstalk Communications, from the late 1980s through 1990, and by Digital Communications Associates (DCA) until the mid-1990s. Crosstalk Mk.4 was one of a suite of products produced by the company; others included the famed Crosstalk XVI, Crosstalk Communicator, Crosstalk for Windows, and Remote 2. Its CASL scripting language, though not the program behind it, was still supported (by Micro Focus) in 2018. Overview Featuring multisession communications capabilities, Crosstalk Mk.4 allowed multiple serial ports to be used and controlled simultaneously. A powerful programming language called CASL (Crosstalk Application Scripting Language) provided full program and communications activity control, and enabled users to create a wide variety of custom applications. The program was in widespread use globally and served the communications and equipment control needs of major conglomerates. The company having been acquired and reacquired, as of 2018 the CASL scripting language is supported by Micro Focus's InfoConnect Desktop offering. History ".. first announced in 1985 and then reannounced in mid-1987 ... well worth the wait" was the opening to a January 1988 PC Magazine review. Actually, an earlier, functionally similar product named Crosstalk XVI, had been introduced in 1982. The XVI (16 in Roman numerals) represented the 16-bit processor of the PC; Mk.4 came somewhat later. Digital Communications Associates acquired Microstuf, makers of the Crosstalk Communications package together with their flagship product, the Crosstalk terminal emulation program, in 1986. It was early 1987 when DCA won a look and feel lawsuit regarding Crosstalk. Enhancements (including for Windows) continued into the early 1990s. Awards Crosstalk Mk.4 received many accolades during its production, including PC Magazine Editors' Choice and PC World Product of the Year awards. See also BLAST (protocol) Kermit (protocol) References External links Crosstalk software (archive.org) Crosstalk Mk.4 Brochure Cover Crosstalk Mk.4 Box Front Crosstalk Mk.4 box and manual photos at the National Museum of American History Communication software
A digital newspaper is a digital version of a printed newspaper. Newspapers can be digitally published online or as a digital copy on a digital device, such as a mobile phone or an E Ink reader. Online Web Many organisations that publish a printed newspaper have also an online newspaper. Newspapers can decide to publish the same information as in the printed version online, or choose to provide different articles compared to the printed newspaper. Information can be provided for free or as a paid subscription. Some printed newspapers have decided to have their publication only published online. In the Netherlands the freesheet DAG killed the printed edition in 2008. In the US The Capital Times decided also to continue online in 2008. In Australia, the Australia Times became the first Australian newspaper to publish a digital newspaper edition in May 2010 which is accessed through its Australia Times Reader software. Some newspapers provide digitalized versions of their printed editions. A commonly used format is pdf. Others experiment with new layouts to provide the news on their websites. The New York Times tried to fit as many articles as possible on a screen by using a layout that resembles a full newspaper sheet. Mobile phones PressDisplay.com created an application to read newspapers on the iPhone. The New York Times has also a special application designed for the iPhone and iPod Touch. Future Some people have argued that any device could be suitable for distributing news as long as the distribution is kept easy and intuitive. Journalist David Carr discussed in the International Herald Tribune the possible success for an 'iTunes' for news. The Economist also discussed this option. Offline E ink It is possible to read several newspapers on e-readers via an application of the company Newspaper Direct, which runs on the DR1000 series of IREX. Newspaper Direct offers a kind of virtual newspaper kiosk where the user can choose the paper. The company offers titles from eighty countries. The Dutch newspapers involved are: AD, Telegraaf, de Volkskrant, NRC and Het Nederlands Dagblad. Company Press Display offers a similar service. Examples of newspapers on e ink: Dutch Newspaper NRC Handelsblad on the Ilead Several newspapers on Amazon's Kindle French newspaper Les Echos on epaper Le Monde and Figaro Technology References Newspapers by medium
The 2008 Men's European Volleyball League was the fifth edition of the European Volleyball League, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the CEV. The final Four was held in Bursa, Turkey from 19 to 20 July 2008. For the first time Great Britain joined the competition and it will also enter it as a unified team as a result of a FIVB decision which allows the United Kingdom to play as a unified team in order to prepare for the next 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Austria and Belarus also joined the European League for the first time. The tournament was won by Slovakia, defeating the Netherlands by 3–1 in the finals. Competing nations Squads League round Pool A Pool B Final four Semi-finals 3rd place match Final Final standing Awards Most valuable player Martin Sopko Best scorer György Grozer Best spiker Volkan Güç Best blocker Tomas Kmet Best server Martin Sopko Best setter Yannick van Harskamp Best receiver Ferdinand Tille Best libero Jelte Maan References Official website European Volleyball League E Men's European Volleyball League League Sport in Bursa
Valley Junior/Senior High School is a public school in New Kensington, Westmoreland County in the state of Pennsylvania. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in the 2018–2019 school year, the School reported an enrollment of 792 pupils in grades 9th through 12th. Demographics of student body As of 2009. Alternative education Valley High School has an alternative education program for students with behavioral issues, those who have been chronically truant or are expelled from the traditional school programs. Students work toward graduation under the supervision of a teacher using online OdysseyWare software. Awards and recognition Valley High School's Junior ROTC program was named an Honor Unit with Distinction in 2006 and 2009, scoring in the 96th percentile in an inspection held once every three years. In 1998, a team of students representing Valley High School tied for third place in an international Space Settlement Design contest sponsored by NASA, for their research project, entitled "Space Colonies, A Design Study." Ten Commandments controversy On March 20, 2012, the Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) sent a letter of complaint about a large granite monument with 10 Commandments predominantly displayed near the main entrance to the school, citing that the school is in violation of the establishment clause of the First Amendment. On October 13, 2012, approximately 50 people attended a rally in support of keeping the monument at Valley High School. On September 14, 2012, the FFRF and four New Kensington residents filed suit against the school district seeking a declaration that the monument is unconstitutional, a permanent injunction directing its removal, nominal damages and costs and attorneys’ fees. The Judge, Terrance McVerry ruled on Dec. 19, 2012 allowing the plaintiffs the right to use pseudonyms. On Jan. 22, 2013 he denied the motion to dismiss, allowing the case to continue. On July 27, 2015, the District Court ruled that the Plaintiffs did not have standing. On August 9, 2016 the U.S. Third Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously ruled that Plaintiff Marie Schaub had standing and remanded the case back to Judge Terrance McVerry to be heard on its merits. On February 21, 2017, the lawsuit came to an end when the school district agreed to remove the monument from in front of the school and for the school district, through their insurance company, to pay $163,500 in legal fees, including more than $40,000 to the Freedom From Religion Foundation. In accord with the agreement, the monument was removed on March 21, 2017. It was donated to a local elementary Catholic school, Mary Queen of Apostles, where it currently resides. Extracurriculars New Kensington-Arnold School District offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and an extensive sports program. Athletics Vocational–technical education Students in grades 10–12 may attend the Northern Westmoreland Career and Technology Center part-time, if elected. Notable alumni Chipper Harris, basketball player. Willie Thrower, the first African-American quarterback to play for the NFL, playing for the 1953 Chicago Bears. References External links Schools in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania Public high schools in Pennsylvania Education in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area New Kensington, Pennsylvania
The following is a list of notable Microsoft Visual Studio Add-ins. Add-ins are software products designed to be used in conjunction with and extend Microsoft Visual Studio. There are many versions of Microsoft Visual Studio, so some of these products may not be compatible with all versions of the product. Managed add-ins are typically found in the following location on Windows Vista and higher: C:\Users\{username}\Documents\Visual Studio {version}\Addins. COM-based add-ins can be installed anywhere as their directories are specified via the registry. IDE add-ins Source control support AnkhSVN – Provides a free Subversion client for Visual Studio VisualSVN - Subversion integration for Visual Studio 2003/2005/2008/2010/2012/2013/2015/2017 VsTortoise - A free TortoiseSVN add-in for Microsoft Visual Studio 2008/2010/2012/2013 Refactoring and productivity CodeRush - Refactoring and productivity plugin Visual Assist X - Productivity plugin, like Resharper. Notable for C++ support Other PVS-Studio - Static Code Analyzer for C#,C,C++,C++11,C++/CX. Supports Visual Studio 2005/2008/2010/2012/2013/2015/2017. Designbox - Adds a toolbox that lets you associate initial property values with controls Koders – Adds a search plug-in to search the Koders database Reflector - a code browsing utility Dotfuscator – Provides tools to help prevent reverse engineering VSdocman - Visual Studio code commenter (XML doc comments) and API documentation generator. For VS 2010/2008/2005/2003/2002. XMLSpy – Integrates the XMLSpy IDE into Visual Studio for editing XML, XSLT, XSD, XQuery, XBRL, OOXML, etc. Liquid XML Studio – Integrates Liquid XML Tools: XML Schema Editor, WSDL Editor, XPath Expression Builder, and Web Services Test Client into Visual Studio 2005/2008/2010 AWS Toolkit for Visual Studio Code Language add-ins Ada programming language ActionScript 3, for building Flash applications Boo programming language Eiffel programming language F# programming language Oxygene programming language Python Tools for Visual Studio PHP Tools for Visual Studio References Microsoft Visual Studio Visual Studio Add-ins
Marc Tremblay is a distinguished engineer at Microsoft. Prior to joining Microsoft in April 2009, he was senior vice president and chief technology officer of the microelectronics business unit at Sun Microsystems. He was instrumental in the design of various microprocessors at Sun, including the UltraSPARC, UltraSPARC II, MAJC, UltraSPARC T1, and the cancelled Rock processor. In the process, he was awarded more patents than any other Sun employee. Career Tremblay worked at Sun Microsystems for 18 years. In 2009, he joined Microsoft's strategic software/silicon architecture group, led by chief research and strategy officer, Craig Mundie. A team worked under Tremblay developing software semiconductor technologies. The group, known as SiArch, works on green, adaptive and parallel computing. Education He received his bachelor's degree from Laval University in Canada, and both his M.S. (1985) and Ph.D. (1991) degrees from UCLA. References External links All Marc Tremblay's patents, Sun Microsystems. High Performance Throughput Computing, Marc Tremblay's talk at PARC Forum. Living people Year of birth missing (living people) UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni Université Laval alumni Sun Microsystems people Microsoft employees American people of Canadian descent Computer hardware engineers American chief technology officers
L2F, or Layer 2 Forwarding, is a tunneling protocol developed by Cisco Systems, Inc. to establish virtual private network connections over the Internet. L2F does not provide encryption or confidentiality by itself; It relies on the protocol being tunneled to provide privacy. L2F was specifically designed to tunnel Point-to-Point Protocol (PPP) traffic. Use Virtual dial-up allows many separate and autonomous protocol domains to share common access infrastructure including modems, Access Servers, and ISDN routers. RFCs prior to 2341 have specified protocols for supporting IP dial-up via SLIP and multiprotocol dial-up via PPP. L2F packet structure Other VPN protocols IPsec L2TP Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol PPTP Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol References External links L2F on Cisco.com VPDN on Cisco.com L2TP on Cisco.com RFC2341 on IETF.org RFC2341 on RFC Archive Cisco protocols
In Boolean algebra, Petrick's method (also known as Petrick function or branch-and-bound method) is a technique described by Stanley R. Petrick (1931–2006) in 1956 for determining all minimum sum-of-products solutions from a prime implicant chart. Petrick's method is very tedious for large charts, but it is easy to implement on a computer. The method was improved by Insley B. Pyne and Edward Joseph McCluskey in 1962. Algorithm Reduce the prime implicant chart by eliminating the essential prime implicant rows and the corresponding columns. Label the rows of the reduced prime implicant chart , , , , etc. Form a logical function which is true when all the columns are covered. P consists of a product of sums where each sum term has the form , where each represents a row covering column . Apply De Morgan's Laws to expand into a sum of products and minimize by applying the absorption law . Each term in the result represents a solution, that is, a set of rows which covers all of the minterms in the table. To determine the minimum solutions, first find those terms which contain a minimum number of prime implicants. Next, for each of the terms found in step five, count the number of literals in each prime implicant and find the total number of literals. Choose the term or terms composed of the minimum total number of literals, and write out the corresponding sums of prime implicants. Example of Petrick's method Following is the function we want to reduce: The prime implicant chart from the Quine-McCluskey algorithm is as follows: {| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;" |- ! || 0 || 1 || 2 || 5 || 6 || 7 || ⇒ || A || B || C |- | style="a1;" | K = m(0,1) || || || || || || || ⇒ || 0 || 0 || |- | style="a1;" | L = m(0,2) || || || || || || || ⇒ || 0 || || 0 |- | style="a1;" | M = m(1,5) || || || || || || || ⇒ || || 0 || 1 |- | style="a1;" | N = m(2,6) || || || || || || || ⇒ || || 1 || 0 |- | style="a1;" | P = m(5,7) || || || || || || || ⇒ || 1 || || 1 |- | style="a1;" | Q = m(6,7) || || || || || || || ⇒ || 1 || 1 || |} Based on the ✓ marks in the table above, build a product of sums of the rows where each row is added, and columns are multiplied together: (K+L)(K+M)(L+N)(M+P)(N+Q)(P+Q) Use the distributive law to turn that expression into a sum of products. Also use the following equivalences to simplify the final expression: X + XY = X and XX = X and X+X=X = (K+L)(K+M)(L+N)(M+P)(N+Q)(P+Q) = (K+LM)(N+LQ)(P+MQ) = (KN+KLQ+LMN+LMQ)(P+MQ) = KNP + KLPQ + LMNP + LMPQ + KMNQ + KLMQ + LMNQ + LMQ Now use again the following equivalence to further reduce the equation: X + XY = X = KNP + KLPQ + LMNP + LMQ + KMNQ Choose products with fewest terms, in this example, there are two products with three terms: KNP LMQ Choose term or terms with fewest total literals. In our example, the two products both expand to six literals total each: KNP expands to a'b' + bc' + ac LMQ expands to a'c' + b'c + ab So either one can be used. In general, application of Petrick's method is tedious for large charts, but it is easy to implement on a computer. Notes References Further reading (xiv+379+1 pages) External links Tutorial on Quine-McCluskey and Petrick's method Petrick C++ implementation based on the tutorial above Boolean algebra
Abandonia is an abandonware website, focusing mainly on showcasing video games and distributing games made for the MS-DOS system. Abandonia also features a music section and an Abandonware List, a continuously expanded database of over 4600 games including information about their publishers, release dates and whether according to the staff's knowledge the software is sold, protected or abandoned. This list is a sum total of research and inquiries made by the site crew, with sources including MobyGames, Wikipedia and the company registry at Home of the Underdogs. Reloaded is a sister project of Abandonia, with the focus upon freeware games. Every game showcased is accompanied by a set of screenshots, and reviews written and proof-read by members. As non-profit sites, both Abandonia and Reloaded are community-driven projects. With the exception of the featured games themselves, all content available on the sites is created by their community as a volunteer effort. Both also have a game evaluation system, in which games are rated by a site reviewer and regular visitors. History Abandonia was created by Croatian, Kosta Krauth on June 21, 1999. At that time Abandonia was an oldwarez site, with games such as Monkey Island and Doom available for download, even though these games were still being sold in stores. The site gained a major boost in popularity throughout 2003 and 2004 as a discussion forum was opened, updates became more frequent, and the focus shifted towards abandoned games. In addition to the site's primary English, Abandonia has to varying extent been translated into a number of other languages - German, Spanish, French, Dutch, Portuguese, Swedish, Italian, Danish, Polish, Croatian, Norwegian, Slovene, Icelandic, Greek, Slovak, Romanian, Hebrew and Russian. In July 2010, Abandonia was acquired by Abovo Media Group, a Swedish internet media company. Abovo Media Group took over the hosting responsibilities for Abandonia and support of its upcoming versions. Since 2010 the Abovo Media Group team led by Rafiq Ahmed, Andreas Swahn, Steven Harding and Abdul Majid has managed the development, maintenance and support of the site. Between 2006 and 2010, Abandonia was owned by Studentis Group, a Swedish online community company. Studentis handled the hosting responsibilities for Abandonia and supported its upcoming versions. In October 2007 Abandonia received a new layout and was transferred over to the Drupal platform by Kosta Krauth and the Studentis team consisting of Andreas Swahn, Marcus Johansson, Daniele Testa, Fredrik Holm and Carl McDade. Data breach In November 2015, the website's database was breached, allowing attackers to gain information on 776,000 accounts registered on the site. The data contained email and IP addresses, usernames and salted MD5 hashes of passwords. This hack was made public by website Have I Been Pwned? on June 5, 2017. Another breach has occurred in November 2022 according to Have I Been Pwned, affecting 920,000 accounts. Software hosted on Abandonia Abandonia's definition of abandonware is one of the more clearly defined in the abandonware scene. In order for a game to be considered abandoned it has to pass three criteria: First, the game has to be unavailable on the retail market and no longer distributed by its publishers nor in any format by legitimate retailers. Second, official support for the game, by both its publisher and developer, must have ended. Third, the game must not be under active protection of any anti-piracy agency, such as Entertainment Software Association, nor directly by the copyright holders themselves. If a legitimate copyright holder for any game requests its removal - any downloads of the game (or links to thereof) present on the site or its forum will be subject to removal by site staff (although the review of the game will still remain onsite). Only the PC version of the game needs to fulfill the above three criteria: whether any console versions do or do not is considered irrelevant, as Abandonia follows a strict policy to not deal with ROMs or disk images for non-PC systems. If the site staff discovers that one of the games placed on the site no longer fulfils one of those criteria or has been qualified as Abandonware when it was not, downloads of the game is removed on Abandonia's own initiative. In order to facilitate status identification for games not yet introduced in its abandonware list, the staff of Abandonia relies on a list of known ESA member and subsidiary companies, that can be found incorporated in the ruleset of the site's Requests forum. Reloaded Reloaded (previously "Abandonia Reloaded") is a sister project of Abandonia dedicated to the development and distribution of freeware games. It was created on 2005-05-07 by Kosta Krauth, Monica Schoenthaler, Maikel Kersbergen & Tom Henrik Aaberg. The site was maintained by small number of volunteer staff, most of whom have been involved with the original Abandonia. History The concept for Abandonia Reloaded was conceived by Kosta Krauth, Abandonia's owner, in 2004, in order to separate independently produced freeware from the abandonware already featured on Abandonia. He was joined by Maikel Kersbergen and Tom Henrik, both already admins for Abandonia. Soon after, Monica Schoenthaler was invited to join the team. These four are listed as the original "Founders" of Abandonia Reloaded. Its library of games initially consisted of Adventure genre titles, but was later expanded to include other genres, with both old commercial games released as freeware (such as The Elder Scrolls: Arena, The Black Cauldron and Beneath a Steel Sky), and later independent freeware (such as Ark 22, Trilby's Notes and Enclosure). On October 14, 2010, it was announced that "Abandonia Reloaded" was to be renamed "Reloaded". Notes References External links Reloaded Abandonia's Sister Project, dealing with remakes and "retro"-style games. Abandonia's archive of press and web articles referring to the site Abandonware websites
The bulk synchronous parallel (BSP) abstract computer is a bridging model for designing parallel algorithms. It is similar to the parallel random access machine (PRAM) model, but unlike PRAM, BSP does not take communication and synchronization for granted. In fact, quantifying the requisite synchronization and communication is an important part of analyzing a BSP algorithm. History The BSP model was developed by Leslie Valiant of Harvard University during the 1980s. The definitive article was published in 1990. Between 1990 and 1992, Leslie Valiant and Bill McColl of Oxford University worked on ideas for a distributed memory BSP programming model, in Princeton and at Harvard. Between 1992 and 1997, McColl led a large research team at Oxford that developed various BSP programming libraries, languages and tools, and also numerous massively parallel BSP algorithms, including many early examples of high-performance communication-avoiding parallel algorithms and recursive "immortal" parallel algorithms that achieve the best possible performance and optimal parametric tradeoffs. With interest and momentum growing, McColl then led a group from Oxford, Harvard, Florida, Princeton, Bell Labs, Columbia and Utrecht that developed and published the BSPlib Standard for BSP programming in 1996. Valiant developed an extension to the BSP model in the 2000s, leading to the publication of the Multi-BSP model in 2011. In 2017, McColl developed a major new extension of the BSP model that provides fault tolerance and tail tolerance for large-scale parallel computations in AI, Analytics and high-performance computing (HPC). See also The BSP model Overview A BSP computer consists of the following: Components capable of processing and/or local memory transactions (i.e., processors), A network that routes messages between pairs of such components, and A hardware facility that allows for the synchronization of all or a subset of components. This is commonly interpreted as a set of processors that may follow different threads of computation, with each processor equipped with fast local memory and interconnected by a communication network. BSP algorithms rely heavily on the third feature; a computation proceeds in a series of global supersteps, which consists of three components: Concurrent computation: every participating processor may perform local computations, i.e., each process can only make use of values stored in the local fast memory of the processor. The computations occur asynchronously of all the others but may overlap with communication. Communication: The processes exchange data to facilitate remote data storage. Barrier synchronization: When a process reaches this point (the barrier), it waits until all other processes have reached the same barrier. The computation and communication actions do not have to be ordered in time. Communication typically takes the form of the one-sided PUT and GET remote direct memory access (RDMA) calls rather than paired two-sided send and receive message-passing calls. The barrier synchronization concludes the superstep—it ensures that all one-sided communications are properly concluded. Systems based on two-sided communication include this synchronization cost implicitly for every message sent. The barrier synchronization method relies on the BSP computer's hardware facility. In Valiant's original paper, this facility periodically checks if the end of the current superstep is reached globally. The period of this check is denoted by . The BSP model is also well-suited for automatic memory management for distributed-memory computing through over-decomposition of the problem and oversubscription of the processors. The computation is divided into more logical processes than there are physical processors, and processes are randomly assigned to processors. This strategy can be shown statistically to lead to almost perfect load balancing, both of work and communication. Communication In many parallel programming systems, communications are considered at the level of individual actions, such as sending and receiving a message or memory-to-memory transfer. This is difficult to work with since there are many simultaneous communication actions in a parallel program, and their interactions are typically complex. In particular, it is difficult to say much about the time any single communication action will take to complete. The BSP model considers communication actions en masse. This has the effect that an upper bound on the time taken to communicate a set of data can be given. BSP considers all communication actions of a superstep as one unit and assumes all individual messages sent as part of this unit have a fixed size. The maximum number of incoming or outgoing messages for a superstep is denoted by . The ability of a communication network to deliver data is captured by a parameter , defined such that it takes time for a processor to deliver messages of size 1. A message of length obviously takes longer to send than a message of size 1. However, the BSP model does not make a distinction between a message length of or messages of length 1. In either case, the cost is said to be . The parameter depends on the following: The protocols used to interact within the communication network. Buffer management by both the processors and the communication network. The routing strategy used in the network. The BSP runtime system. In practice, is determined empirically for each parallel computer. Note that is not the normalized single-word delivery time but the single-word delivery time under continuous traffic conditions. Barriers The one-sided communication of the BSP model requires barrier synchronization. Barriers are potentially costly but avoid the possibility of deadlock or livelock, since barriers cannot create circular data dependencies. Tools to detect them and deal with them are unnecessary. Barriers also permit novel forms of fault tolerance. The cost of barrier synchronization is influenced by a couple of issues: The cost imposed by the variation in the completion time of the participating concurrent computations. Take the example where all but one of the processes have completed their work for this superstep, and are waiting for the last process, which still has a lot of work to complete. The best that an implementation can do is ensure that each process works on roughly the same problem size. The cost of reaching a globally consistent state in all of the processors. This depends on the communication network but also on whether there is special-purpose hardware available for synchronizing and on the way in which interrupts are handled by processors. The cost of a barrier synchronization is denoted by . Note that if the synchronization mechanism of the BSP computer is as suggested by Valiant. In practice, a value of is determined empirically. On large computers, barriers are expensive, and this is increasingly so on large scales. There is a large body of literature on removing synchronization points from existing algorithms in the context of BSP computing and beyond. For example, many algorithms allow for the local detection of the global end of a superstep simply by comparing local information to the number of messages already received. This drives the cost of global synchronization, compared to the minimally required latency of communication, to zero. Yet also this minimal latency is expected to increase further for future supercomputer architectures and network interconnects; the BSP model, along with other models for parallel computation, require adaptation to cope with this trend. Multi-BSP is one BSP-based solution. Algorithmic cost The cost of a superstep is determined as the sum of three terms: The cost of the longest-running local computation The cost of global communication between the processors The cost of the barrier synchronization at the end of the superstep Thus, the cost of one superstep for processors: where is the cost for the local computation in process , and is the number of messages sent or received by process . Note that homogeneous processors are assumed here. It is more common for the expression to be written as where and are maxima. The cost of an entire BSP algorithm is the sum of the cost of each superstep. where is the number of supersteps. , , and are usually modeled as functions that vary with problem size. These three characteristics of a BSP algorithm are usually described in terms of asymptotic notation, e.g., . Extensions and uses Interest in BSP has soared, with Google adopting it as a major technology for graph analytics at massive scale via Pregel and MapReduce. Also, with the next generation of Hadoop decoupling the MapReduce model from the rest of the Hadoop infrastructure, there are now active open-source projects to add explicit BSP programming, as well as other high-performance parallel programming models, on top of Hadoop. Examples are Apache Hama and Apache Giraph. BSP has been extended by many authors to address concerns about BSP's unsuitability for modelling specific architectures or computational paradigms. One example of this is the decomposable BSP model. The model has also been used in the creation of a number of new programming languages and interfaces, such as Bulk Synchronous Parallel ML (BSML), BSPLib, Apache Hama, and Pregel. Notable implementations of the BSPLib standard are the Paderborn University BSP library and the Oxford BSP Toolset by Jonathan Hill. Modern implementations include BSPonMPI (which simulates BSP on top of the Message Passing Interface), and MulticoreBSP (a novel implementation targeting modern shared-memory architectures). MulticoreBSP for C is especially notable for its capability of starting nested BSP runs, thus allowing for explicit Multi-BSP programming. See also Automatic mutual exclusion Apache Hama Apache Giraph Computer cluster Concurrent computing Concurrency (computer science) Dataflow programming Grid computing LogP machine Parallel computing Parallel programming model References External links D.B. Skillicorn, Jonathan Hill, W. F. McColl, Questions and answers about BSP (1996) BSP Worldwide BSP related papers Bulk Synchronous Parallel ML ( official website) Apache Hama Apache Giraph Paderborn University BSP library BSPonMPI MulticoreBSP Models of computation Parallel computing
r a d i o q u a l i a is an art collaboration by New Zealanders, Adam Hyde and Honor Harger, founded in 1998 in Australia. Since 1999 they have been based in several different countries including the Netherlands, the UK and Latvia. r a d i o q u a l i a create broadcasts, installations, performances and online artworks. Their principal interest is how broadcasting technologies can be used to create new artistic forms, and how sound art can be used to illuminate abstract ideas. Key works include: The Frequency Clock (1998 - 2003), Free Radio Linux (2002 – 2004), Radio Astronomy (2004 -> now) They have exhibited at museums, galleries and festivals, including: NTT ICC, Tokyo; New Museum, New York; Gallery 9, Walker Art Center, USA; Sónar, Barcelona; Ars Electronica festivals, Linz, Austria; Experimental Art Foundation, Australia; Maison Europeenne de la Photographie, Paris; and the Physics Room, New Zealand. In August 2004 they were joint winners of a UNESCO Digital Art Prize (second place) for Radio Astronomy. References Byrne C (2005), "net.radio and streaming audio", paper for Looking Glass lectures at OKNO, Norway, Saturday 18 June 2005, published online: Viewed 6 March 2007 Flor M (2002), "Hear me out: Free Radio Linux broadcasts the Linux sources on air and online", Published on Netartcommons, March 2002: Viewed 5 May 2007 Ludovico A (2005), "Streaming Culture, Radioqualia interview", Neural 23 magazine, Italy. Reference: Viewed 25 April 2007 Perron J (2003), "radioqualia", la foundation Daniel Langlois website biography, Published online: Viewed 20 March 2007 Tribe M (2006), "r a d i o q u a l i a - Free Radio Linux", Brown University Wiki, Published online: Viewed 25 April 2007 Tribe M and Jana R, New Media Art, Taschen, 2006. . Related pages New media art Electronic art External links r a d i o q u a l i a Computer art Digital art Radio organizations
Hugh de Sélincourt (15 June 1878 – 20 January 1951) was an English author and journalist, chiefly remembered today for his timeless tale of village cricket, The Cricket Match (1924). Biography De Sélincourt was born in Hampstead, a suburb of north London. His parents were Charles Alexandre De Sélincourt and Theodora Bruce Bendall. He was the youngest son of 11 children, among them Ernest and Agnes. He studied at Dulwich College before going on to University College, Oxford. During the 1910s, he worked as a journalist, initially as drama critic of the Star and later as literary critic of the Observer. He continued to write book reviews for the Observer long after quitting his official post in 1914. He had also published a few light-hearted novels – the first of these, A Boy's Marriage, came out in 1907 – but after World War I broke out, his literary output took on a more serious note. As war ended in 1918, his writings too resumed their former gaiety, in novels such as Young Mischief and Young 'Un. In 1924, The Cricket Match was published. This novel stands alongside A. G. Macdonell's England, Their England as one of the classic accounts of village cricket in English literature. The fictional village of Tillingfold was a recurring element in de Selincourt's work, and was based on his own village of Storrington at the foot of the South Downs. In the immediate postwar years, Hugh and his wife Janet, lived at Sand Pit, a lush house in Sussex and had an open marriage. A close friend of Havelock Ellis, de Selincourt met Ellis's close friend, Margaret Sanger in 1920 and began an affair with her. When that ended he began an affair with Ellis's companion, Francoise Lafitte Cyon, which ended his friendship with Ellis. The Saturday Match (1937) and Gauvinier Takes to Bowls (1948) were among de Selincourt's final books. He died in his home in Pulborough, Sussex at the age of 72. His widow Janet died in 1955. Works A Boy's Marriage, (1907) The Strongest Plume, (1907) Great Ralegh, (1908) The High Adventure, (1908) The Way Things Happen, (1909) Oxford From Within, (1910) A Fair House, (1911) A Daughter of the Morning, (1912) Pride of Body, (1914) Realms of Day, (1915) A Soldier of Life, (1916) Nine Tales, (1917) Women & Children, (1921) The Cricket Match, (1924) Young Mischief and the Perfect Pair, (1925) Young 'Un, (1927) Never in Vain: A Dream of Friendship, (1929) Mr Buffum, (1930) The Game of the Season, (1931) Evening Light:...Letters of Susan Rivarol...Prof Owen Mansfield, (1931) 'Over!': Some Personal Remarks on the Game of Cricket, (1932) Moreover: Reflections on the Game of Cricket, (1934) Studies From Life, (1934) The Saturday Match, (1937) Gauvinier Takes To Bowls, (1949) Source: References External links 1878 births 1951 deaths 20th-century English male writers 20th-century English novelists Alumni of University College, Oxford Cricket historians and writers English male novelists People educated at Dulwich College People from Storrington
Dora the Explorer: Journey to the Purple Planet is a 2005 action-adventure video game based on the television series Dora the Explorer, developed by Monkey Bar Games and published by Global Star Software. The game was released for GameCube in North America on October 13, 2005, and later in the PAL regions on December 16, 2005. The PlayStation 2 version was released in PAL region on December 2, 2005, and later in North America on February 9, 2006. Based on an episode from the show, the game is about Dora and Boots finding lost aliens from a Saturn-like planet known as the Purple Planet. To take them home, Dora and Boots are required to collect keys to open a space gate leading to the Purple Planet. To fuel their rocket ship, Dora and Boots need to collect 10 space gems at each level. Plot When Dora and Boots are looking up at outer space, a flying saucer containing five aliens (Flinky, Inky, Plinky, Dinky, and Al) from the Purple Planet lands on Earth. However, the saucer falls apart, and Dora and Boots have to get the aliens back to the Purple Planet. Isa has a rocket ship that Dora and Boots can borrow, which is located on top of the Tall Mountain. To get there, Dora and Boots first need to cross the Turtle River, get past the Icky Sticky Sand, swing over Crocodile Lake, and climb up to the top of the mountain. When they reach the top of the mountain, Dora and Boots launch themselves into outer space. When Dora and Boots get to the Purple Planet, they receive a present from the aliens to fly back to Earth. Gameplay The player controls Dora the Explorer, followed by Boots. In gameplay, players collect gems, so Isa's rocket ship can fly to where gems are hidden in treasure. Later in the game, gems are also hidden in logs. If players collect 10 or more gems, Isa's rocket ship will fly. Players also jump on mushrooms and springboards to jump higher. Before players cross Turtle River, Dora and Boots have to find all four turtles. When crossing Turtle River, players have to jump on all the turtles at the right time to cross the river. Later in the game, players cannot land on the Icky Sticky Sand. Otherwise, Dora gets stuck in the sand. Players then have to get Dinky out of the sand by pressing the A Button. At Crocodile Lake, players have to swing on vines by pressing the action button to get through the lake. When the player gets to the tall mountain, players then put the gems in the rocket and are launched into space, and players have to get all the keys from all the different planets to get to the purple planet to complete the game. Development The game was not announced by any publication, nor at any gaming expo. The PlayStation 2 version was the first game for PlayStation 2 to receive an EC+ rating from the ESRB. Reception The PS2 version received mixed to positive reviews. IGN's Chris Roper gave the game a 7.0/10. Chris stated "Dora the Explorer: Journey to the Purple Planet can be a fun adventure for young children who are learning their first school-related skills, like how to count, pick out colors, etc." but criticized that "it doesn't actually teach in any way, it lacks an autosave and there might be a confusing section or two." References 2005 video games Action-adventure games Educational video games Single-player video games Children's educational video games GameCube games PlayStation 2 games Vicious Engine games Nick Jr. video games Video games based on television series Video games about children Video games about primates Video games about foxes Video games set on fictional planets Video games with cel-shaded animation Video games scored by Jason Graves Video games developed in the United States Dora the Explorer Global Star Software games Monkey Bar Games games 3D platform games
VisualRank is a system for finding and ranking images by analysing and comparing their content, rather than searching image names, Web links or other text. Google scientists made their VisualRank work public in a paper describing applying PageRank to Google image search at the International World Wide Web Conference in Beijing in 2008. Methods Both computer vision techniques and locality-sensitive hashing (LSH) are used in the VisualRank algorithm. Consider an image search initiated by a text query. An existing search technique based on image metadata and surrounding text is used to retrieve the initial result candidates (PageRank), which along with other images in the index are clustered in a graph according to their similarity (which is precomputed). Centrality is then measured on the clustering, which will return the most canonical image(s) with respect to the query. The idea here is that agreement between users of the web about the image and its related concepts will result in those images being deemed more similar. VisualRank is defined iteratively by , where is the image similarity matrix. As matrices are used, eigenvector centrality will be the measure applied, with repeated multiplication of and producing the eigenvector we're looking for. Clearly, the image similarity measure is crucial to the performance of VisualRank since it determines the underlying graph structure. The main VisualRank system begins with local feature vectors being extracted from images using scale-invariant feature transform (SIFT). Local feature descriptors are used instead of color histograms as they allow similarity to be considered between images with potential rotation, scale, and perspective transformations. Locality-sensitive hashing is then applied to these feature vectors using the p-stable distribution scheme. In addition to this, LSH amplification using AND/OR constructions are applied. As part of the applied scheme, a Gaussian distribution is used under the norm. References External links New York Times article Slashdot article Internet search Image processing
In cryptography, a boolean function is said to be complete if the value of each output bit depends on all input bits. This is a desirable property to have in an encryption cipher, so that if one bit of the input (plaintext) is changed, every bit of the output (ciphertext) has an average of 50% probability of changing. The easiest way to show why this is good is the following: consider that if we changed our 8-byte plaintext's last byte, it would only have any effect on the 8th byte of the ciphertext. This would mean that if the attacker guessed 256 different plaintext-ciphertext pairs, he would always know the last byte of every 8byte sequence we send (effectively 12.5% of all our data). Finding out 256 plaintext-ciphertext pairs is not hard at all in the internet world, given that standard protocols are used, and standard protocols have standard headers and commands (e.g. "get", "put", "mail from:", etc.) which the attacker can safely guess. On the other hand, if our cipher has this property (and is generally secure in other ways, too), the attacker would need to collect 264 (~1020) plaintext-ciphertext pairs to crack the cipher in this way. See also Correlation immunity Cryptography
Christopher John McCausland (born 15 June 1977) is a British actor and comedian. He is known to television audiences for his role as Rudi in the CBeebies show Me Too!. He regularly appears at comedy venues around the UK, including The Comedy Store. McCausland is blind due to retinitis pigmentosa. Early life McCausland was born in 1977 in West Derby Village in Liverpool but has lived in Surbiton, near Kingston upon Thames, since 1996, after moving there to study at Kingston University. He graduated in 2000, with a BSc Honours in software engineering. After a spell as a web developer, deteriorating eyesight prompted a change of direction and he worked in sales for a number of years, during which time he first performed stand-up comedy in 2003. Stand-up comedy McCausland first gave stand-up a go at a new act comedy night in Balham in July 2003. Within his first year of performing, he won the Jongleurs J2O Last Laugh competition, came runner up in the Laughing Horse New Act of The Year and placed third in Channel 4's So You Think You're Funny competition. Between 2005 and 2012, he took six stand-up shows to the Edinburgh Festival and in 2011 was awarded the Creative Diversity Award for comedy by a Channel 4-led panel of broadcasters which also included BBC, ITV and Sky. He has performed all over the world, including across Asia and the Middle East, and regularly travels the UK playing the country's top comedy clubs. He appeared on the BBC's Live at the Apollo on 4 January 2018 and more recently hosted the show, on 7 January 2022. Television In 2014, McCausland fronted a national television advert for Barclays, promoting the benefits of their new talking cash machines. Also in 2014, he starred in the Jimmy McGovern drama series Moving On, alongside Anna Crilly and Neil Fitzmaurice. In 2012, he appeared alongside fellow comedians in Jimmy Carr's Comedians Special charity episode of Celebrity Deal or No Deal. He appeared in three series of At The Comedy Store in 2008 for Paramount Comedy as well as in 2010 and 2012 for Comedy Central. In 2010, he featured in BBC One's end of year spoof news review, Unwrapped with Miranda Hart. In 2011, he appeared in ITV's series Stand-up Hero. McCausland was also one of the principal characters in the CBeebies series Me Too!, playing Rudi the market trader. Filmed in 2006, it aired on CBeebies and internationally until April 2016. On 20 August 2018, he appeared in the long-running BBC soap opera EastEnders. On 18 October 2019, he appeared on the BBC comedy panel show Would I Lie to You. On 2 December 2019, he appeared on another BBC satirical comedy panel show, Have I Got News for You, with his appearance also being shown on the extended version of the episode on Have I Got A Bit More News For You. In February 2020, he appeared on an episode of 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown on Channel 4. Despite his poor eyesight, Chris scored highly throughout the episode, playing by memory alone, and even correctly guessed the difficult end of game "Countdown Conundrum" before the sighted panellists. During the show, presenter Jimmy Carr produced blindfolds for the other contestants and encouraged them to try playing without sight. On 15 January 2021, he appeared on the BBC One show Would I Lie to You.In July 2022, Channel 4 announced McCausland would present a four-part travelogue series, provisionally titled The Wonders of the World I Can't See. The series aired in June and July 2023. In April 2023, he was a contestant in the Channel 4 reality television series Scared of the Dark. In May 2023, he made another appearance on Have I Got News for You. Radio McCausland appeared on BBC Radio 4's The Museum of Curiosity'' in February 2023. His hypothetical donation to this imaginary museum was "a vinyl record". Personal life McCausland lives with his wife Patricia and young daughter Sophie. He is a supporter of Liverpool FC. References Further reading External links Personal website Chortle review Tour dates on Ents24 1977 births Living people 20th-century English comedians 20th-century English male actors 21st-century English comedians 21st-century English male actors Alumni of Kingston University Blind actors English blind people Comedians from Liverpool English male comedians English male television actors Male actors from Liverpool Television presenters with disabilities British actors with disabilities
Good–Turing frequency estimation is a statistical technique for estimating the probability of encountering an object of a hitherto unseen species, given a set of past observations of objects from different species. In drawing balls from an urn, the 'objects' would be balls and the 'species' would be the distinct colors of the balls (finite but unknown in number). After drawing red balls, black balls and green balls, we would ask what is the probability of drawing a red ball, a black ball, a green ball or one of a previously unseen color. Historical background Good–Turing frequency estimation was developed by Alan Turing and his assistant I. J. Good as part of their methods used at Bletchley Park for cracking German ciphers for the Enigma machine during World War II. Turing at first modelled the frequencies as a multinomial distribution, but found it inaccurate. Good developed smoothing algorithms to improve the estimator's accuracy. The discovery was recognized as significant when published by Good in 1953, but the calculations were difficult so it was not used as widely as it might have been. The method even gained some literary fame due to the Robert Harris novel Enigma. In the 1990s, Geoffrey Sampson worked with William A. Gale of AT&T to create and implement a simplified and easier-to-use variant of the Good–Turing method described below. Various heuristic justifications and a simple combinatorial derivation have been provided. The method The Good–Turing estimator is largely independent of the distribution of species frequencies. Notation Assuming that distinct species have been observed, enumerated Then the frequency vector, has elements that give the number of individuals that have been observed for species The frequency of frequencies vector, shows how many times the frequency r occurs in the vector (i.e. among the elements ): For example, is the number of species for which only one individual was observed. Note that the total number of objects observed, can be found from Calculation The first step in the calculation is to estimate the probability that a future observed individual (or the next observed individual) is a member of a thus far unseen species. This estimate is: The next step is to estimate the probability that the next observed individual is from a species which has been seen times. For a single species this estimate is: Here, the notation means the smoothed, or adjusted value of the frequency shown in parentheses. An overview of how to perform this smoothing follows in the next section (see also empirical Bayes method). To estimate the probability that the next observed individual is from any species from this group (i.e., the group of species seen times) one can use the following formula: Smoothing For smoothing the erratic values in for large , we would like to make a plot of versus but this is problematic because for large many will be zero. Instead a revised quantity, is plotted versus where is defined as and where , , and are three consecutive subscripts with non-zero counts . For the special case when is 1, take to be 0. In the opposite special case, when is the index of the last non-zero count, replace the divisor with so A simple linear regression is then fitted to the log–log plot. For small values of it is reasonable to set – that is, no smoothing is performed. For large values of , values of are read off the regression line. An automatic procedure (not described here) can be used to specify at what point the switch from no smoothing to linear smoothing should take place. Code for the method is available in the public domain. Derivation Many different derivations of the above formula for have been given. One of the simplest ways to motivate the formula is by assuming the next item will behave similarly to the previous item. The overall idea of the estimator is that currently we are seeing never-seen items at a certain frequency, seen-once items at a certain frequency, seen-twice items at a certain frequency, and so on. Our goal is to estimate just how likely each of these categories is, for the next item we will see. Put another way, we want to know the current rate at which seen-twice items are becoming seen-thrice items, and so on. Since we don't assume anything about the underlying probability distribution, it does sound a bit mysterious at first. But it is extremely easy to calculate these probabilities empirically for the previous item we saw, even assuming we don't remember exactly which item that was: Take all the items we have seen so far (including multiplicities) — the last item we saw was a random one of these, all equally likely. Specifically, the chance that we saw an item for the th time is simply the chance that it was one of the items that we have now seen times, namely . In other words, our chance of seeing an item that had been seen r times before was . So now we simply assume that this chance will be about the same for the next item we see. This immediately gives us the formula above for , by setting . And for , to get the probability that a particular one of the items is going to be the next one seen, we need to divide this probability (of seeing some item that has been seen r times) among the possibilities for which particular item that could be. This gives us the formula . Of course, your actual data will probably be a bit noisy, so you will want to smooth the values first to get a better estimate of how quickly the category counts are growing, and this gives the formula as shown above. This approach is in the same spirit as deriving the standard Bernoulli estimator by simply asking what the two probabilities were for the previous coin flip (after scrambling the trials seen so far), given only the current result counts, while assuming nothing about the underlying distribution. See also Ewens sampling formula Pseudocount References Bibliography David A. McAllester, Robert Schapire (2000) On the Convergence Rate of Good–Turing Estimators, Proceedings of the Thirteenth Annual Conference on Computational Learning Theory pp. 1–6 David A. McAllester, Ortiz, Luis (2003) Concentration Inequalities for the Missing Mass and for Histogram Rule Error, Journal of Machine Learning Research pp. 895–911 1953 introductions Categorical data Probability assessment Alan Turing
The RB-04 (Robot 04) is a long-range sea skimming fire-and-forget air-to-surface, anti-ship missile. The missile was known as the "RB-304" during development and early service years. Development While interest in guided anti-ship missiles was subdued in the 1950s, it was not entirely extinct. In 1949, the Swedish government placed a request for a radar-guided, air-launched anti-ship missile. The request materialized as the SAAB "Robot-Byrån (RB) 04", which was first test launched by a Saab 29 Tunnan fighter in early 1955. The early versions of the missile suffered teething problems in regards to the two targeting modes, which were area attack, for striking a big group of ships (like an invasion fleet), and select targeting, where the missiles home in on a single vessel. In the area attack the missile would only target a ship in the group if they were within 1,000 meters of another vessel, this was also in the early electronic age, and changes in this distance required hardware modifications in a workshop. Many components of the missile were reused when the RBS-15 was developed, including the main body and warhead, although the motor and main wings were the most obvious external changes. Variants RB-04C: The initial production version, the "RB-04C", entered service with Swedish Air Force A 32A Lansen attack aircraft in 1959. The RB-04C had a canard configuration, with short triangular cruciform fins around the nose, and two wide wings with fins attached to the wingtips. The RB-04C had a boost-sustain solid rocket motor and a SAP warhead that could be fitted with a contact or proximity fuse. RB-04D: Further development of the C version. Longer range rocket engines and maintenance free thermal batteries were the main improvements. Introduced in the late 1960s. RB-04E: Further development of the D version to suit the new AJ37 Viggen strike aircraft. The missile had a shorter wingspan and improved guidance system and new monopulse radar seeker. This version was highly resistant to ECM and would automatically lock on especially powerful jamming signals. Operational use The missile has never seen combat; the closest it has come to being used was during the "Whiskey on the Rocks" incident in 1981, when a Soviet (NATO code Whiskey Class) submarine ran aground outside the naval station in Karlskrona. Swedish AJ37 Viggens with RB-04E's mounted under their wings, taken from top secret storage bunkers, stood on high alert for a possible Soviet incursion. On one occasion, when a Soviet rescue operation seemed to be underway, aircraft were scrambled with the intent to intercept Soviet ships. References Svenskt Militärflyg - Bo Widfeldt / Åke Hall (2005) An Illustrated Guide To Modern Airborne Missiles - Bill Gunston, Arco Publishing, Inc. (1983) External links "Swedish Air Force Has Rocket Powered Missiles" Popular Mechanics, April 1958, p. 112 - note that photo caption is wrong in stating that it is an air-to-air missile. Anti-ship missiles of Sweden Anti-ship missiles of the Cold War Weapons of Sweden
This is a selected list of notable massively multiplayer online games which are free-to-play in some form without ever requiring a subscription or other payment. These are commonly MMORPGs or MMOFPSs, but could be of any genre. Free play These MMOGs provide client software free of charge and allow users to play the game without requiring payment. The games' expenses are typically funded by sponsors or through donations (which have no effect in the game itself). Free play with advertising These MMOGs are free to play. They are funded through advertising, either in-game or through pop-ups. Free play with micro-transactions These MMOGs are free to play, but players may optionally purchase in-game items or currency. Optional paid subscriptions These MMOGs offer optional additional game content through paid subscription, but are otherwise free to play. See also List of massively multiplayer online games List of free multiplayer online games List of MMORPGs List of multiplayer browser games Multiplayer video game Browser based game References MMOG list list Free-to-play video games Freeware games
A cryptoperiod is the time span during which a specific cryptographic key is authorized for use. Common government guidelines range from 1 to 3 years for asymmetric cryptography, and 1 day to 7 days for symmetric cipher traffic keys. Factors to consider include the strength of the underlying encryption algorithm, key length, the likelihood of compromise through a security breach and the availability of mechanisms of revoking keys. In traditional cryptographic practice, keys were changed at regular intervals, typically at the same time each day. The code word for a key change, in NSA parlance, is HJ or Hotel Juliet in the NATO phonetic alphabet. When cryptographic devices began to be used in large scale, those who had to update the key had to set a specific time to synchronize the re-key. This was accomplished at the hour (H) the Julian (J) Date changed, among crypto-accountants, managers and users the jargon "HJ" became the accepted term meaning it was time to change the crypto-key. NESTOR in Vietnam During the Vietnam War, the United States issued its forces a series of secure voice encryption equipment code-named NESTOR. According to a U.S. Army history: "To maintain compatibility, key changes had to occur simultaneously in all units. The time chosen for this change was midnight, tactically the worst possible time because the greatest number of enemy contacts occurred from 2200 to 0200. Moreover, where several units shared the same keying device, having to move at night to change key settings was inconvenient and dangerous and added to the reasons for not using the equipment. Later the time of the daily NESTOR key change was moved to 0600." References Conduct Unbecoming, Randy Shilts, Macmillan, 2005, p. 117, describes HJ key change procedure Key management
Operation Mazurka is the Australian Defence Force's (ADF) contribution to the Multinational Force and Observers (MFO), an international peacekeeping force, based in the Sinai Peninsula, overseeing the terms of the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty. The MFO operates from two secure bases: North Camp, located at El Gorah in the Northern Sinai, and South Camp, located at Sharm el-Sheikh. The Australian personnel operate predominantly in South Camp. Australia was an original contributor to the MFO with a joint Australian-New Zealand rotary wing squadron deployed in 1981. In 1993, Australia returned to the MFO with an ADF contingent of 25 personnel. Since that time approximately 1,200 personnel have deployed on Operation Mazurka. The ADF contingent operates on a 6 monthly posting cycle, with a part of the contingent rotating every 3 months. Role The mission of the MFO is: "...to supervise the implementation of the security provisions of the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty and employ best efforts to prevent any violation of its terms." The ADF contingent performs various staff functions in the MFO Headquarters, as well as providing the Force Regimental Signals Officer, Security Sergeants to work with the Colombian Infantry Battalion for the base security at North Camp and Operational and Training staff to the MFO. References Mazurka Multinational Force and Observers
Miria is a Los Angeles-based singer-songwriter. She is also one of the co-producers and directors of the Los Angeles Women's Music Festival. Overview Los Angeles based singer-songwriter Miria has released the album, Under the Surface and several singles. Her song Break Your Heart, from her album, won second place in the DBSA Facing Us 2008 Song Contest, Her song, Lullabye of Mars, won second place at the 2004 Mars Society Roget de Lisle song contest. In 2007 Miria and Gayle Day, with Gilli Moon's Warrior Girl Music, co-produced the Los Angeles Women's Music Festival, the first festival of its kind in the Los Angeles area. Trivia In addition to being a singer-songwriter, Miria is also a UI/UX Designer and former employee of the Free Software Foundation. She also performed at the Car Talk anniversary show as a member of the Museum School Cheerleaders. References External links Miria official website Los Angeles Women's Music Festival official website Year of birth missing (living people) Living people American women singer-songwriters Singers from Los Angeles Singer-songwriters from California 21st-century American women singers 21st-century American singer-songwriters
Fourier–Motzkin elimination, also known as the FME method, is a mathematical algorithm for eliminating variables from a system of linear inequalities. It can output real solutions. The algorithm is named after Joseph Fourier who proposed the method in 1826 and Theodore Motzkin who re-discovered it in 1936. Elimination The elimination of a set of variables, say V, from a system of relations (here linear inequalities) refers to the creation of another system of the same sort, but without the variables in V, such that both systems have the same solutions over the remaining variables. If all variables are eliminated from a system of linear inequalities, then one obtains a system of constant inequalities. It is then trivial to decide whether the resulting system is true or false. It is true if and only if the original system has solutions. As a consequence, elimination of all variables can be used to detect whether a system of inequalities has solutions or not. Consider a system of inequalities with variables to , with the variable to be eliminated. The linear inequalities in the system can be grouped into three classes depending on the sign (positive, negative or null) of the coefficient for . those inequalities that are of the form ; denote these by , for ranging from 1 to where is the number of such inequalities; those inequalities that are of the form ; denote these by , for ranging from 1 to where is the number of such inequalities; those inequalities in which plays no role, grouped into a single conjunction . The original system is thus equivalent to . Elimination consists in producing a system equivalent to . Obviously, this formula is equivalent to . The inequality is equivalent to inequalities , for and . We have therefore transformed the original system into another system where is eliminated. Note that the output system has inequalities. In particular, if , then the number of output inequalities is . Example Consider the following system of inequalities: To eliminate x, we can write the inequalities in terms of x: We have two inequalities with "≤" and two with "≥"; the system has a solution if the right-hand side of each "≤" inequality is at least the right-hand side of each "≥" inequality. We have 2*2 such combinations: We now have a new system of inequalities, with one fewer variable. Complexity Running an elimination step over inequalities can result in at most inequalities in the output, thus naively running successive steps can result in at most , a double exponential complexity. This is due to the algorithm producing many unnecessary constraints (constraints that are implied by other constraints). Unnecessary constraints can be detected using linear programming. It follows from McMullen's upper bound theorem that the number of necessary constraints grows as a single exponential. A single exponential implementation of Fourier-Motzkin elimination and complexity estimates are given in. Imbert's acceleration theorems Two "acceleration" theorems due to Imbert permit the elimination of redundant inequalities based solely on syntactic properties of the formula derivation tree, thus curtailing the need to solve linear programs or compute matrix ranks. Define the history of an inequality as the set of indexes of inequalities from the initial system used to produce . Thus, for inequalities of the initial system. When adding a new inequality (by eliminating ), the new history is constructed as . Suppose that the variables have been officially eliminated. Each inequality partitions the set into : , the set of effectively eliminated variables, i.e. on purpose. A variable is in the set as soon as at least one inequality in the history of results from the elimination of . , the set of implicitly eliminated variables, i.e. by accident. A variable is implicitly eliminated when it appears in at least one inequality of , but appears neither in inequality nor in , all remaining variables. A non-redundant inequality has the property that its history is minimal. Theorem (Imbert's first acceleration theorem). If the history of an inequality is minimal, then . An inequality that does not satisfy these bounds is necessarily redundant, and can be removed from the system without changing its solution set. The second acceleration theorem detects minimal history sets: Theorem (Imbert's second acceleration theorem). If the inequality is such that , then is minimal. This theorem provides a quick detection criterion and is used in practice to avoid more costly checks, such as those based on matrix ranks. See the reference for implementation details. Applications in information theory Information-theoretic achievability proofs result in conditions under which the existence of a well-performing coding scheme is guaranteed. These conditions are often described by linear system of inequalities. The variables of the system include both the transmission rates (that are part of the problem's formulation) and additional auxiliary rates used for the design of the scheme. Commonly, one aims to describe the fundamental limits of communication in terms of the problem's parameters only. This gives rise to the need of eliminating the aforementioned auxiliary rates, which is executed via Fourier–Motzkin elimination. However, the elimination process results in a new system that possibly contains more inequalities than the original. Yet, often some of the inequalities in the reduced system are redundant. Redundancy may be implied by other inequalities or by inequalities in information theory (a.k.a. Shannon type inequalities). A recently developed open-source software for MATLAB performs the elimination, while identifying and removing redundant inequalities. Consequently, the software's outputs a simplified system (without redundancies) that involves the communication rates only. Redundant constraint can be identified by solving a linear program as follows. Given a linear constraints system, if the -th inequality is satisfied for any solution of all other inequalities, then it is redundant. Similarly, STIs refers to inequalities that are implied by the non-negativity of information theoretic measures and basic identities they satisfy. For instance, the STI is a consequence of the identity and the non-negativity of conditional entropy, i.e., . Shannon-type inequalities define a cone in , where is the number of random variables appearing in the involved information measures. Consequently, any STI can be proven via linear programming by checking if it is implied by the basic identities and non-negativity constraints. The described algorithm first performs Fourier–Motzkin elimination to remove the auxiliary rates. Then, it imposes the information theoretic non-negativity constraints on the reduced output system and removes redundant inequalities. See also Farkas' lemma – can be proved using FM elimination. Real closed field – the cylindrical algebraic decomposition algorithm performs quantifier elimination over polynomial inequalities, not just linear. References Further reading External links Chapter 1 of Undergraduate Convexity, textbook by Niels Lauritzen at Aarhus University. FME software for Information theory, open-source code in MATLAB by Ido B. Gattegno, Ziv Goldfeld and Haim H. Permuter. Symbolic Fourier-Motzkin elimination, open-source code in Python implementing the two Imbert acceleration theorems. Optimization algorithms and methods Real algebraic geometry
The eSlick is a discontinued e-book reader, an electronic book (e-book) reading device developed by Foxit Software. It has a 6-inch E Ink screen, 600x800 pixel resolution with 4-level gray scale and a mass of 180 g. The device supports text and PDF format for reading and includes Foxit's PDF Creator and Reader Pro Pack software. In August 2010, Foxit announced that it would stop further development of the eSlick and focus on licensing PDF software to the makers of other e-book hardware. Wired attributed the move to a price war between Amazon.com's Kindle and Barnes & Noble's Nook which undermined Foxit's claim to offer the cheapest e-book reader on the market. Foxit dropped its support completely and abruptly in 2010, completely deleting all references to the eSlick from its site, including numerous forum threads and all firmware updates. This action has alienated and angered many users, as the solutions to many problems were readily available in these threads. The device is notable in that it has minimal features (no wireless, no subscription). It can read books in secure eReader format but does not support any other DRM formats. Specifications Size: 188 x 118 x 9.2 mm (7.4" x 4.7" x 0.4") Weight: 180 g (6.4 oz) Display: size: 15.5 cm (6 in) diagonal (approx 1/4 area of letter-sized page) resolution: 600 x 800 pixel resolution, 4-level gray scale Memory: 512 MB standard (100 eBooks at 1.2 MB each average), SD card expansion up to 4 GB Includes 2GB SD card Rechargeable Lithium-ion battery PC Interface: USB port OS: Embedded Linux Formats supported As of Firmware 2.0 Build 1130: Documents: PDF, TXT, ePUB, eReader format, non-encryped and secure PDB Images: GIF, BMP, JPEG, and PNG DRM-free Audio: MP3 Operating systems Windows The eSlick comes bundled with the proprietary Foxit Reader Pro Pack, PDF Creator, PDF Editor (trial) and PDF Page Organizer Pro (trial). Updating the reader's firmware is done via a proprietary program (eSlick Update Setup Package). Mac OS X and Linux As of firmware 2.0, Linux is supported for flash upgrades. Mac OS X is not supported for flashing the firmware, but the device supports file transfers via USB from any device that can mount a USB drive. The SD card and the internal memory show up as separate mountable drives. See also List of e-book readers References External links Official product webpage Foxit kills off eSlick Electronic paper technology Dedicated ebook devices Linux-based devices
is a 1993 beat 'em up arcade game developed and released by Capcom. It stars the Marvel Comics' antihero the Punisher (Frank Castle) and co-stars S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Nick Fury as the second player's character as they embark on a mission to kill the crime lord the Kingpin and bring down his organization. While following the same general formula as Capcom's previous beat 'em ups, the game has a range of usable weapons and a comics-style presentation. The Punisher gained significant popularity in arcades and is widely regarded as one of the best titles in the beat 'em up genre as well as one of the best video game adaptations of comic books. A Mega Drive/Genesis port was developed by Sculptured Software and published by Capcom to mixed reviews and commercial failure. Gameplay The Punisher follows the same side-scrolling beat'em up formula Capcom established in Final Fight (1989) and Captain Commando (1991) as the protagonists engage ordinary foes and stage bosses. As in most beat'em up games of this kind, progression through the game is achieved by systematically dispatching all varieties of henchmen to proceed onward to either right or left, and defeating the ringleaders whom the player(s) encounter at the boss stage of each level. Much like the limited roster of playable characters in Street Fighter (1987), the size, abilities and tactics of both player characters (the Punisher and Nick Fury) are essentially interchangeable; they both use the same basic moves, such as punches, kicks and throws, which can be chained into combos, as well as similar special attacks. Basic attacks can be combined to cause extra damage to enemies. The game is presented in a comic book-like style, including featuring on-screen onomatopoeias such as "BLAM!" for gunshots. Various melee (including baseball bats and Japanese swords) and thrown weapons (including knives and shuriken) as well as improvised weapons (such as lead pipes, car tires and a crude flamethrower) can be picked up during regular combat. Weapons can be dropped by killed enemies or obtained from smashing various containers throughout the stages. When the player is armed with a weapon, its durability will be displayed alongside the player's health, showing how much it can be used until it breaks apart. Treasure can also be found in containers, awarding the player with bonus score points once collected (jewelry also appears after defeating female enemies). Health can be replenished by picking up food, which can also give bonus points. The game distinguished itself by the relatively high level of violence in a video game of the era, as well by the frequent use of firearms, including an Ingram and an M16. There are several sections of the game when gun-wielding enemies appear to which the characters draw their handguns, enabling the player to shoot them. Player characters can also pick up and collect hand grenades that can be deployed at a moment of choice. Plot In the game's intro, U.S. Marine Captain Frank Castle enjoys a picnic with his family in Central Park. The Castle family accidentally discovered a mob killing. Fearing any witnesses, the killers gunned down the family. To avenge them and all others like them Frank becomes The Punisher. The game begins in an illegal casino and the streets of the New York City, with the merciless vigilante Frank "the Punisher" Castle (optionally partnered with S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Nick Fury) in pursuit of the Mafia enforcer Bruno Costa who ordered the killing of Castle's family; the chase ends with a fight against Chester Scully (a minor villain from the comics). Frank "interrogates" Scully, gets the information he needs, and then promptly shoots him. Still on track of Bruno, the Punisher infiltrates the mob's Pantaberde resort in Florida via a water duct. He breaks into a hotel and corners Bruno, who is suddenly killed by a robot called Guardroid, who tells Frank the Kingpin has programmed him to terminate him, which the Punisher must then take on. The Punisher then raids a major drug-smuggling ring at the local harbor, which ends with him confronting Bonebreaker in a waterfront warehouse. After that, the Punisher attacks the Kingpin's poppy field at a cave in Arizona. The Punisher boards and destroys a freight train which is commanded by Bushwhacker. At that point, the Kingpin decides that he has lost enough henchmen and money to the Punisher's actions. He puts a hefty contract out on him, and he is chased by assassins from his hideout and through a forest. After defeating another Guardroid, the Punisher in turn assaults the King Building skyscraper. He fights his way through Jigsaw and other enemies to the final showdown against the Kingpin himself. After the Kingpin is defeated, the entire tower collapses, but the Kingpin is not found among the many dead criminals in the rubble. Development and release Arcade The Punisher for the arcades was released in April 1993, marking the beginning of the partnership between Marvel Comics and Capcom, which led to the series Marvel vs. Capcom. The game used a new arcade system, allowing over 10 enemies to appear on screen at the same time without slowdowns. A pre-release version included some cut content such as rocket launchers. A version for the Capcom Power System Changer was planned and previewed but never released. Artworks from the game were featured in the 2012 art book Marvel vs. Capcom: Official Complete Works by Udon Entertainment. In 2019, the game was announced as one of the titles to be included in the Marvel Arcade1Up arcade cabinet. Genesis A console port of The Punisher was released for the Genesis in North America in 1994 and for the PAL region Mega Drive in April 1995. This version, while still published by Capcom, was developed by the independent American company Sculptured Software. In addition to the worse graphics and sound, lesser variety of enemies, and a smaller number of objects on screen than in the original, many of the previously breakable background objects were rendered unbreakable due to the limitations of the Genesis' hardware. This version also contains some content censorship, including removing the most explicit violence as well as the animation of Fury smoking his cigar, and female ninja enemies with skimpy outfits becoming fully clothed. The port also comes with three difficulty settings, but the Easy setting ends after only three stages and the game can be properly completed only on Normal or Hard. A PlayStation version was reported in works by Crystal Dynamics, but was never completed. Reception Arcade Upon its release, Play Meter listed The Punisher as one of the most popular arcade games at the time. Game Machine also listed it on their July 1, 1993 issue as being the eight most-popular arcade game at the time. GamePower gave the arcade version of The Punisher a perfect partial score for the game's "fun factor". Its action was praised by GamePro, who remarked that "this game's outstanding feature is its gorgeous graphics, which capture the dark, somber mood of the Punisher comic books". GameFan reviewer wrote The Punisher "proved to be everything I dreamed of in a traditional Final Fight-style game", having previously described it as "definitely the greatest side scrolling fighting game ever" as well as "the bloodiest, goriest fighting game since Mortal Kombat" in his preview. Genesis Reviewing the Genesis conversion, VideoGames called it "a decent exercise in vigilante mayhem" that is "surprisingly fun, yet fairly standard game". A preview by Mean Machines Sega opined it "looks good" and features "fantastic weaponry", but EGM criticized the characters for being too small on the screen, also stating that there was little to no skill involved in defeating the bosses. EGM praised the number of weapons and moves available but nonetheless concluded that "the whole game comes across as routine and bland". Mega Play reviewers especially criticized the port's removal of gore and the "drab" and "dull" color palette, issuing it four scores of between 67 and 72%. GamePro outright panned the port, commenting that the special moves are too difficult to pull off, the sound effects are weak, the gameplay is generic and unimaginative beat 'em up fare, and "the graphics never come close to the coin-op game that this cart is based on". It was also lambasted by Next Generation, who stated that "not much good can be found" in the game and "the person responsible for putting out The Punisher deserves a good spanking". Hyper even had The Punisher as the worst rated game of the month, describing it as "almost like an 8 bit game: scrappy graphics, stilted animation, sloooowww scrolling and only two (yes, two) buttons on the controller used". The game sold poorly, resulting in it becoming one the rarest PAL region titles for the platform. Retrospective Notwithstanding the flawed home port and limited commercial success, the arcade original has achieved a cult game status. Sega Saturn Magazine and Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine both wished for The Punisher to be included in Capcom's arcade compilation releases for the Sega Saturn and the PlayStation, respectively. According to GamesTM in 2005, "Capcom's The Punisher was a brutally violent fighter that perfectly captured the antihero it was based on. Featuring buckets of blood, some nasty moves and hordes of enemies, action came thick and fast, and so did the excitement". The magazine too expressed a wish for it to be included in a compilation re-release for a more modern gaming system, in this case the PlayStation Portable, but noted that the chances of this are slim due to a long-expired license. Retro Gamer called it "a forgotten gem in Capcom's back catalogue" that "is bursting with character and is extremely enjoyable", surmising the game did not sell well because the market was already flooded with beat 'em up games. Some media outlets also singled out for a special praise the game's particular elements, such as with Complex regarding its arcade cabinet and Cracked.com regarding its game over sequence. Crunchyroll's Patrick Macias wrote: "I'll confess my heart skipped a beat when I read The Punisher arcade game, the legacy of a misspent youth and countless tokens whittled away at Chuck E. Cheese". Some critics regard The Punisher as among the best of the beat 'em up genre, as well as among the best video game adaptations of comic books, especially of Marvel titles. In 2010, it was ranked as the tenth top greatest superhero game by IGN's News & Features Team, and as the fifth top Marvel arcade game by iFanboys Josh Richardson. Nerdist Industries included it among the top ten most iconic Marvel video games in 2013, calling it "one of the few games that benefits from its cheesiness" and stating that in 1993 the two-player experience "was pretty much what Army of Two wishes it was today". That same year, it was also listed as one of top beat 'em up games of all time by Heavy.com's Elton Jones, as well as being included amongst the best looking beat 'em up games from the 16-bit era by Kotaku Australia's Gergo Vas. David Hawkins of WhatCulture! declared it number one best comics-based arcade game in a 2011 ranking, being "above and beyond all other arcade adaptations of comic books and their heroes", and Jon Ledford of Arcade Sushi opined that "in terms of pure enjoyment, ingenuity, control, and graphics, The Punisher is the Best Retro Beat 'Em Up of all time". PlayStation Portable magazine Go Play reviewed the game alongside Willow and Cadillacs and Dinosaurs calling them "some of the best CPS1 games you're unlikely to ever play on a Capcom compilation". References External links 1993 video games Arcade video games Capcom beat 'em ups Censored video games Cancelled Capcom Power System Changer games Cancelled PlayStation (console) games Cooperative video games CP System Dash games Organized crime video games Sega Genesis games Side-scrolling beat 'em ups Video games based on Punisher Video games developed in Japan Video games set in the 20th century Video games set in Arizona Video games set in Florida Video games set in New York City Video games scored by Yoko Shimomura Multiplayer and single-player video games
The Nasan Clustered File System is a shared disk file system created by the company DataPlow. Nasan software enables high-speed access to shared files located on shared, storage area network (SAN)-attached storage devices by utilizing the high-performance, scalable data transfers inherent to storage area networks and the manageability of network attached storage (NAS). Nasan derives its name from the combination of network attached storage (NAS) and storage area network (SAN). Nasan clustered file sharing is an extension of traditional LAN file sharing yet utilizes storage area networks for data transfers. Deploying a Nasan cluster entails configuring LAN file sharing, installing Nasan file system software, and connecting computers and storage devices to the SAN. Platforms Supports Linux and Solaris operating systems. Supports all SAN-based, block-level storage protocols including Fibre Channel and iSCSI. References External links Computer file systems Disk file systems Network file systems Shared disk file systems
Sine populo (Latin for "without the people") is an expression that is used in the Roman Rite liturgy to describe a Mass celebrated by a priest without a congregation. The present Roman Missal The revised edition of the Roman Missal that was promulgated by Pope Paul VI in 1969 presented two forms of the Order of Mass: Ordo Missae cum populo and Ordo Missae sine populo. These two terms appear in the official English translation of the Missal, published in 1973, as "Order of Mass with a congregation" and "Order of Mass without a congregation". The 1970 General Instruction of the Roman Missal dealt with the first of these forms of celebrating Mass under the numbers 77–152, and with the second under the numbers 209–231. The latter section began with the explanation: "This section gives the norms for Mass celebrated by a priest with only one server to assist him and to make the responses." In the revised and expanded 2002 edition of the General Instruction, the term Missa cum populo remains as the heading for the information given under numbers 115–198, but the other section (numbers 252–272) speaks of Missa cuius unus tantum minister participat (Mass in which only one server participates). Corresponding to the latter form, the Missal presents the Ordo Missae cuius unus tantum minister participat (literally, Order of Mass in which only one server participates). History Mass without a congregation was "known until Vatican Council II as Private Mass (Missa privata)". Josef Andreas Jungmann defined such a Mass as "a Mass celebrated for its own sake, with no thought of anyone participating, a Mass where only the prescribed server is in attendance or even where no one is present, as was the case with the Missa solitaria". Monastic priests began, by the seventh century, to celebrate such Masses daily, and side altars were added to the churches to facilitate celebration by priests in a low voice and regardless of the presence of a congregation or religious community. Decrees were issued against solitary celebration by the priest alone, requiring the assistance of at least two persons, so as to justify the use of the plural in liturgical formulas such as Dominus vobiscum. This rule was later relaxed to having at least one server, so that the 1917 Code of Canon Law prescribed: "A priest is not to celebrate Mass without a server to assist him and make the responses." Making explicit the canonical principle that a proportionate cause excuses from an ecclesiastical law, the present Code of Canon Law states: "A priest may not celebrate the eucharistic Sacrifice without the participation of at least one of the faithful, unless there is a good and reasonable cause for doing so." In the 16th century, the Protestant Reformers expressed opposition to any Mass without a congregation, but the Council of Trent defended the then existing practice. Canon 6 of session XXII of this council says: "The sacred and holy Synod would fain indeed that, at each Mass, the faithful who are present should communicate, not only in spiritual desire, but also by the sacramental participation of the Eucharist, ...: but not therefore, if this be not always done, does It condemn, as private and unlawful, but approves of and therefore commends, those Masses in which the priest alone communicates sacramentally." Since the word "private" could be understood as opposed to public, the Code of Rubrics of Pope John XXIII recommended that the expression "private Mass" be avoided, since every properly celebrated Mass is an act of public worship. The Second Vatican Council decreed: "It is to be stressed that whenever rites, according to their specific nature, make provision for communal celebration involving the presence and active participation of the faithful, this way of celebrating them is to be preferred, so far as possible, to a celebration that is individual and quasi-private." Pope Paul VI also wrote that "even if a priest celebrates it privately" a Mass is not private but "an act of Christ and of the Church". The Church no longer uses the term "private Mass", saying instead "Masses celebrated without the people" (In Missis sine populo celebratis). References Bibliography Mary Schaefer and Joanne Pierce, Mass at Which Only One Minister Participates in Edward Foley et alii, A Commentary on the General Instruction of the Roman Missal (Liturgical Press, 2008 , 978-0-8146-6017-1), Marian Szablewski, Mass without a Congregation: A Sign of Unity or Division? Unum, Cracow, 2004) Latin liturgical rites Order of Mass Latin religious words and phrases
Speedcoding, Speedcode or SpeedCo was the first high-level programming language created for an IBM computer. The language was developed by John W. Backus in 1953 for the IBM 701 to support computation with floating point numbers. The idea arose from the difficulty of programming the IBM SSEC machine when Backus was hired to calculate astronomical positions in early 1950. The speedcoding system was an interpreter and focused on ease of use at the expense of system resources. It provided pseudo-instructions for common mathematical functions: logarithms, exponentiation, and trigonometric operations. The resident software analyzed pseudo-instructions one by one and called the appropriate subroutine. Speedcoding was also the first implementation of decimal input/output operations. Although it substantially reduced the effort of writing many jobs, the running time of a program that was written with the help of Speedcoding was usually ten to twenty times that of machine code. The interpreter took 310 memory words, about 30% of the memory available on a 701. History and Development In August 1952, several dozen IBM engineers and IBM 701 customers met in Poughkeepsie, New York to exchange ideas and best practices on programming the new machines in assembly. Several attendees expressed frustration with the slow nature of assembly programming and debugging, and questioned the utility of the 701 in applications where solutions to problems were needed quickly, or when the value of a justified the expense of computation time but not the cost of programming and debugging. Attendees likewise complained with issues with "scaling", or the need to religiously track the decimal point in arithmetic operations. John W. Sheldon, a supervisor of IBM's Technical Computing Bureau attending the meeting, and others felt that an "interpretive" programming system that utilized floating point operations was the best solution to this problem. Sheldon asked John Backus, who had previously worked on a CPC to SSEC code translator, to supervise the creation of a new floating-point interpretive programming language for use internal to IBM. Backus himself had previously expressed interest in improving programming methods, and observed that computing costs were roughly equally split between the cost of computation and cost of programming personnel, and that the additional expense of testing made labor the considerably larger expense. Starting in 1953, Backus and five colleagues designed this new language and named it "Speedcoding", where its use soon spread outside of IBM to customer installations of the 701 system. Syntax and Semantics Speedcoding programs are organized as a series of instructions, each of which are stored in memory as a single 72-bit data word. An instruction generally consists of two operations (OP1 and OP2) and 4 memory addresses. The first operation (OP1) is a mathematical or input/output operation that has 3 associated memory addresses, one or more of which can be modified depending on the nature of the operation. Mathematical operations include basic arithmetic, square root, and trigonometry functions. The logical operations include functionality for reading, writing, skipping, and rewinding magnetic tape, as well as operations for interacting with data stored in drum memory.The second operation (OP2) is a logical operation that has the remaining 1 associated memory address. Logical operations allow instructions to be carried out in a different order from which they are written allowing for implementations of gotos, conditionals, loops, and other advanced behavior. Reserved Arithmetic and Input/Output Operation Keywords Reserved Logical Keywords See also PACT (compiler) Short Code (computer language) Notes References Further reading (48 pages) Procedural programming languages Numerical programming languages IBM software Programming languages created in 1953
Polly was a robot created at the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory by Ian Horswill for his PhD and published in 1993 as a technical report. Polly was the first mobile robot to move at animal-like speeds (1m per second) using computer vision for its navigation. It was an example of behavior-based robotics. Horswill's PhD supervisors were Rodney Brooks and Lynn Andrea Stein. For a few years Polly gave tours of the AI laboratory's seventh floor, using canned speech to point out landmarks such as Anita Flynn's office. When someone approached Polly, it would introduce itself and offer a tour, asking them to answer by waving their foot. The "Polly algorithm" is a way to navigate in a cluttered space using very low resolution vision to find uncluttered areas to move forward into, assuming that the pixels at the bottom of the frame (the closest to the robot) show an example of an uncluttered area. Since this could be done 60 times a second, the algorithm only needed to discriminate three categories: telling the robot at each instant to go straight, towards the right or towards the left. Polly was built from minimalist machinery and runs on a hardware platform that could be duplicated for less than $10,000. The machine was intended to show that very simple visual machinery can be used to solve real tasks in unmodified environments. References Rolling robots Massachusetts Institute of Technology 1993 robots Robots of the United States
Serbia Broadband (branded as SBB; full legal name: Serbia Broadband - Srpske kablovske mreže d.o.o.) is a cable television and broadband internet service provider in Serbia. The SBB company operates as part of the United Group, leading media and telecommunication operator in Southeastern Europe. The company is based in the "Telepark" business complex in Belgrade, which includes data center covering 750 square meters of floor space and divided into 20 server halls and technical support areas. As of 2020, SBB is the largest cable operator with a market share of 46%, the second largest Internet provider with a market share of 32.08%, and the second largest fixed-line telecommunication network, having share of 19.1%. History The Serbia Broadband company – SBB – was formed in 2002 through the merger of KDS d.o.o Kragujevac, Telefonija Belgrade cable system, Media Plus Novi Sad, YU VOD Nis and a number of small operators. In 2007, Serbia Broadband was acquired by Mid Europa Partners, which simultaneously purchased Telemach Slovenia followed by acquiring Telemach Bosnia and Herzegovina shortly afterwards, cable television and broadband internet providers in Slovenia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, respectively. Mid Europa then created United Group, a subsidiary to control its three new acquisitions in former Yugoslavia, with European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) holding a minority stake in the newly created subsidiary. In the case of Serbia Broadband, the owners legally controlled it via the Amsterdam-based Adria Cable B.V. In October 2013, an American private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) purchased the majority stake in United Group from Mid Europa Partners for an enterprise valuation of 1.3 billion USD, thus gaining control of Serbia Broadband. Once the new owners took over, they began legally controlling Serbia Broadband through the Amsterdam-based Adria Serbia Holdco B.V. In April 2015, SBB bought Serbian internet provider EUnet for an undisclosed amount. In April 2017, SBB bought Serbian cable operator IKOM. In November 2017, SBB acquired Serbian minor cable company Kabel Group 85. In September 2018, a British private equity firm BC Partners began the process of acquisition of the majority stakes of United Group from KKR for an enterprise valuation of 2.6 billion euros. Upon finalizing the acquisition, BC partners will officially gain ownership of Serbia Broadband. Services Cable TV When it was first launched, SBB offered cable TV services in seven cities. It doubled its market share through fast growth in 2003 and today provides television services in more than 30 cities and towns across Serbia. SBB expanded its network which was developed using the highest technical standards and expanded its TV channel offer to more than 220 now, including 80 in HD. That offer includes the highest-quality and most credible TV programming from United Media – news, sports, movies, children’s TV, music, educational content among them N1, Nova S, Sport Klub, Pikaboo, Brainz and others. The company also introduced the country's first 4K channel (Sport Klub) in October 2018. Furthermore, the operator added four multi-angle and multi-screen channels. Development continued with the introduction of D3 services in 2007 bringing digital TV to users along with a richer offer of channels in HD with an electronic program guide. In 2010, SBB started delivering managed services while holding a Cisco certificate. EON - TV Platform SBB launched the EON app on September 5, 2017. The EON Smart Box, the first regional solution to combine television with Android services and applications, was presented in October 2018, turning any TV into a Smart TV, followed by the EON Smart TV app which allowed SBB users to watch TV outside the SBB network on any Internet provider in Serbia on their mobile devices, computers or Smart TV. SBB was the first in Serbia to offer binge watching for series such as My Father’s Killers and Balkan Shadows which broke all viewing records. Early in June 2020, SBB and United Cloud (United Group’s Development Center) presented an upgraded version of the EON platform which introduced EON profiles to start the future of personalized TV in Serbia. The EON platform won the CSI award in the Best Mobile TV Technology or Service at the IBC 2018 global electronic media and technology conference. Total TV - Satellite TV In May 2006, SBB launched TotalTV, its DTH satellite television platform. Launching Total TV, company became the first digital and analogue cable operator to introduce digital television in the region. Total TV, as it was named commercially, is intended for areas where building cable infrastructure is complicated. This type of service provides TV services through the Eutelsat 16A, Hot Bird and/or Astra satellites bringing 220 TV channels. Internet Early in 2003, SBB became the first operator to offer broadband Internet to its clients. The digitalization of Serbia was launched as part of a five year plan with an investment worth 300 million Euro. SBB also provides Internet access outside the homes of its clients both at home and abroad. The UNIFI app allows access to the largest WiFi network with more than 900,000 locations in the region and the UNIFI Travel app also access at more than 70 million locations across the world. Fixed Telephony The company was the first in Serbia to offer digital fixed telephony services in 2012 and has a market share of 20.5% (2020), ranking it second among landline service operators in Serbia. The UNIFON app allows SBB landline use on mobile phones, that is on five different devices. App users can redirect calls through their landline from wherever they are at home or abroad using any WiFi Internet access point. Calls to other UNIFON users are free of charge. SBB Foundation The SBB Foundation was formed in 2015 with the aim of launching long-term projects to improve living conditions and quality of life and contribute to the development of a functional and responsible society in Serbia. It focused from the start on raising awareness of the importance of protecting the environment, helping problems in financial difficulties across Serbia and supporting young people’s education. Don’t litter. No Excuses! Campaign was launched to raise awareness of the importance of protecting the environment, with a concrete goal – a cleaner Serbia. To date, the Foundation has helped clean up more than 25 cities, handed out some 43,000 ecologically sound bags and donated 22 playgrounds for children. The Core (serbian: Jezgro) program has been implemented since the Foundation was set up and provides financial support to functional families on the verge of subsistence. Scholarship “Professor Njegoš B. Šolak” is intended to support support environment where especially gifted students can continue their development in order to fulfill their own potentials. Celebrities have won money for health and social care and education institutions in the Play and Win (serbian: Igraj i pobedi) and Between Us (serbian: Među nama) shows on the Nova S channel. The SBB Foundation has provided aid to the University Children’s Hospital in Belgrade, the Children’s Shelter, Kragujevac Clinical Center, Association of Parents of Children with Cancer (Udruženje roditelja dece obolele od raka – NURDOR) and many others. References External links Companies based in Belgrade D.o.o. companies in Serbia Telecommunications companies established in 2002 Telecommunications companies of Serbia Serbian companies established in 2002 Cable television companies of Serbia 2007 mergers and acquisitions
This is a list of notable computer programs that are used for nucleic acids simulations. See also References Computational chemistry software Software comparisons Molecular dynamics software Molecular modelling software
The Google Modular Data Center was a modular data center built from a set of shipping containers, and used by Google to house some of its servers. The data centers were rumored to cost US$600 million each, and use from 50 to 103 megawatts of electricity. They housed the computing resources that comprise the Google platform. History Google was reported in November 2005 to be working on their own shipping container datacenter. Google's patent on the concept was still pushed through the patent system and was successfully issued in October 2007. In 2009 Google announced that their first container based data center has been in production since 2005. See also Sun Modular Datacenter References External links Going Green at Google Google Data Center Google real estate Data centers Intermodal containers Modular datacenter
Syhunt is a World Wide Web network security software company with headquarters in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Syhunt was founded in August 2003 by Felipe Daragon, a network security specialist. History The company's operations are currently centered on the development of software relating to the assessment of web servers and web applications. In 2003, Syhunt released a web application security assessment software known as Sandcat, which focuses on Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) and the SANS Institute vulnerabilities. Syhunt has also produced a number of security software utilities, including worm removal tools (during worm outbreaks), server hardening and log analysis tools. Today the company is still engaged in the development of web application security assessment software and also participates the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) initiative. See also Penetration testing References External links Computer security software companies Software companies of Brazil Companies based in Rio de Janeiro (city) Information technology consulting firms Software companies established in 2003 Consulting firms established in 2003 Brazilian brands 2003 establishments in Brazil
Camtasia (; formerly Camtasia Studio and Camtasia for Mac) is a software suite, created and published by TechSmith, for creating and recording video tutorials and presentations via screencast (screen recording), or via a direct recording plug-in to Microsoft PowerPoint. Other multimedia recordings (microphone, webcam and system audio) may be recorded at the same time or added separately (like background music and narration/voice tracks). Camtasia is available in English, French, German, Japanese, Portuguese, Spanish and Chinese versions. Features The features are structured around the three main steps of the program workflow: recording, editing and export/sharing. The first step is to record a video (from a specific region or fullscreen) with Camtasia Recorder. Multi-display configurations are supported. The second step is to edit the recorded video in Camtasia, adding transitions and annotations with its editing features and effects, such as cursor effects and visual effects. The third step is to export the produced video as a local file (MP4 or other file type), or to upload it to a media or file-sharing platform such as YouTube or Google Drive. Camtasia Recorder In Camtasia Recorder, users can start and stop recording with shortcuts at any time, at which point the recording is halted, and Camtasia Recorder can render the input that has been captured into the TREC format. The TREC file can be saved to disk or directly imported into the Camtasia component for editing. Camtasia Recorder allows audio (and webcam) recording while screen recording is in progress, so the presenter can capture live narration during a tutorial or presentation. Camtasia also supports dubbing in other audio tracks or voiceover during post-capture editing. Windows users may also install an add-in for Microsoft PowerPoint that will allow them to initiate recording of a presentation from within PowerPoint itself. Camtasia In Camtasia (also known as the Editor), the Media Bin is where media (screen recordings, voice-overs, etc.) for the current project are stored. The Library stores reusable media across multiple projects. On the Timeline, overlays of various types like annotations may be added, including user-defined settings, such as when and how to display the cursor and pan-and-zoom effects such as the Ken Burns effect. In order to provide localized versions of the produced videos, subtitles can be added with the captioning feature. The Editor allows import of various types of video, audio and image files including MP4, AVI, MP3, WAV, PNG, JPEG, and other formats into the Camtasia proprietary TREC format, which is readable and editable by Camtasia. The TREC file format (using TSC2 Codec) is a single container for various multimedia objects including video clips, images, screen captures and audio/video effects. On computers where Camtasia is not installed, you can download the TSC2 Codec for free to play TREC files. The produced video can be exported as a local file: MP4, animated GIF, AVI (Windows version only), MOV (Mac version only), or uploaded directly to a media or file-sharing platform (YouTube, Google Drive, etc.). By default, Camtasia projects are stored as standalone projects in format (cross-platform file format). See also Comparison of screencasting software Distance education Instructional design Podcast References External links 2002 software Screencasting software Shareware Windows multimedia software MacOS multimedia software
Dionís Renart i García (Barcelona, 1878 - Barcelona, 1946) was a Catalan sculptor and astronomer. Biography He studied at the Llotja School also known as the "Escola d'Arts i Oficis de Barcelona", and later worked in Josep Llimona's studio. He participated in Exhibitions of Fine Art of Barcelona with (Eva, from 1911 and La Raça, from 1918) and in Madrid with his piece entitled "Al·legoria i Retrats", from 1912. He sculpted "Les Tres Maries de La Resurrecció de Jesús" in the First Mystery of Glory section on the "Rosari Monumental de Montserrat", which is the way leading up to the Montserrat Monastery which has a number of religious sculptures and symbols. On this "Les Tres Maries de la Resurrecció de Jesús" also worked Antoni Gaudí and Josep Llimona. He also worked on ceramic models, jars, medals and jewellery in line with the Art Nouveau style. He also server as anatomical sculptor for Barcelona's Medical School. As an astronomer he was president of the lunar section of Barcelona's Astronomical Society and organizer of the Exhibition on lunar studies of 1912. He was also author of a map of the moon produced by relief stereographic projection. Today a lunar precinct is named after him. 1878 births 1946 deaths Scientists from Barcelona Astronomers from Catalonia Sculptors from Catalonia Art Nouveau sculptors 20th-century Spanish sculptors 20th-century Spanish astronomers 19th-century Spanish astronomers
In electronics/computer hardware, a display driver is usually a semiconductor integrated circuit (but may alternatively comprise a state machine made of discrete logic and other components) which provides an interface function between a microprocessor, microcontroller, ASIC or general-purpose peripheral interface and a particular type of display device, e.g. LCD, LED, OLED, ePaper, CRT, Vacuum fluorescent or Nixie. The display driver will typically accept commands and data using an industry-standard general-purpose serial or parallel interface, such as TTL, CMOS, RS-232, SPI, I2C, etc. and generate signals with suitable voltage, current, timing and demultiplexing to make the display show the desired text or image. The display driver may itself be an application-specific microcontroller and may incorporate RAM, Flash memory, EEPROM and/or ROM. Fixed ROM may contain firmware and display fonts. A notable example of a display driver IC is the Hitachi HD44780 LCD controller. Other controllers are KS0108, SSD1815 (graphics capable) and ST7920 (graphics capable) History The use of integrated circuit technology to drive a display driver chip dates back to the late 1960s. In 1969, Hewlett-Packard introduced the HP Model 5082-7000 Numeric Indicator, an early LED display and the first LED device to use integrated circuit technology. Its development was led by Howard C. Borden and Gerald P. Pighini at HP Associates and HP Labs, who had engaged in research and development (R&D) on practical LEDs between 1962 and 1968. It was the first intelligent LED display, making it a revolution in digital display technology, replacing the Nixie tube and becoming the basis for later LED displays. In the early 21st century, display driver chips are widely used for mobile displays in smartphones and other smart devices as well as larger flat-panel displays. Between 2003 and 2005, LCD display driver chips sold 9,821.2million units worldwide. See also Device driver Printer driver References Graphics hardware American inventions
Double take may refer to: Films, radio, and television Double Take (1998 film), a 1998 thriller Double Take (2001 film), a 2001 comedy Double Take (2009 film), a 2009 film Double Take (American TV series), a 2018 hidden camera/practical joke reality streaming television series Double Take (Australian TV series), a 2009 sketch comedy "Double Take" (Code Lyoko), a Code Lyoko episode Doubletake, a British television comedy Doubletake, a 1985 two-episode television miniseries with Richard Crenna Double Take, an episode from the animated TV series The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries Other Double-take (comedy), an expression of surprise in body language Double Take (Freddie Hubbard and Woody Shaw album), 1985 Double Take (Petra album), 2000 Double-Take (NSI Product), business continuity software Double Take (group), an American female pop duo Double Take Comics, a defunct comic book publisher Double Take, the exercise term for Defcon level 4 See also The Take (disambiguation)
Stephen Warshall (November 15, 1935 – December 11, 2006) was an American computer scientist. During his career, Warshall carried out research and development in operating systems, compiler design, language design, and operations research. Warshall died on December 11, 2006 of cancer at his home in Gloucester, Massachusetts. He is survived by his wife, Sarah Dunlap, and two children, Andrew D. Warshall and Sophia V. Z. Warshall. Early life Warshall was born in New York City and went to public school in Brooklyn. He graduated from A.B. Davis High School in Mount Vernon, New York and attended Harvard University, receiving a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1956. He never received an advanced degree since at that time no programs were available in his areas of interest. However, he took graduate courses at several different universities and contributed to the development of computer science and software engineering. In the 1971–1972 academic year, he lectured on software engineering at French universities. Employment After graduating from Harvard, Warshall worked at ORO (Operation Research Office), a program set up by Johns Hopkins to do research and development for the United States Army. In 1958, he left ORO to take a position at a company called Technical Operations, where he helped build a research and development laboratory for military software projects. In 1961, he left Technical Operations to found Massachusetts Computer Associates. Later, this company became part of Applied Data Research (ADR). After the merger, Warshall sat on the board of directors of ADR and managed a variety of projects and organizations. He retired from ADR in 1982 and taught a weekly class in Biblical Hebrew at Temple Ahavat Achim in Gloucester, Massachusetts. Warshall's algorithm There is an interesting anecdote about his proof that the transitive closure algorithm, now known as Warshall's algorithm, is correct. He and a colleague at Technical Operations bet a bottle of rum on who first could determine whether this algorithm always works. Warshall came up with his proof overnight, winning the bet and the rum, which he shared with the loser of the bet. Because Warshall did not like sitting at a desk, he did much of his creative work in unconventional places such as on a sailboat in the Indian Ocean or in a Greek lemon orchard. References Journal of the ACM bibliography – Selected citations of Warshall paper Stephen Warshall, Boston Globe, Obituaries, December 13, 2006 Temple Ahavat Achim Celebrates 100 Years on Cape Ann, Gloucester Jewish Journal, May 7–20, 2004 Further reading Stephen Warshall. A theorem on Boolean matrices. ''Journal of the ACM'', 9(1):11–12, January 1962. Thomas E. Cheatham, Jr., Stephen Warshall: Translation of retrieval requests couched in a "semiformal" English-like language. Commun. ACM 5(1): 34–39 (1962) See also Warshall's algorithm 1935 births 2006 deaths 20th-century American mathematicians 21st-century American mathematicians American computer programmers American computer scientists American technology writers American operations researchers Harvard College alumni
Primal Pictures is a business established in 1991 that provides 3D graphic renderings of human anatomy, built using real scan data from the Visible Human Project, for use by healthcare students, educators, and medical professionals. It operates the Anatomy.tv online platform. In one study, Anatomy.tv was deemed the greatest value in undergraduate anatomy education "since it had highest scores for effectiveness as well as the lowest scores for cost." Development The representation of the body in Primal's software is derived from medical scan data that has been interpreted by a team of Primal anatomists and translated into three-dimensional images by graphics specialists. The interactive anatomy visuals are accompanied by animations that demonstrate disease and conditions, function, biomechanics, and surgical procedures. History In 2012, Informa acquired all of the company, previously owning 10 percent. In 2022, as part of Informa's sale of its Pharma Intelligence business, Primal Pictures became part of private equity firm Warburg Pincus. Later that year, Pharma Intelligence changed its name to Citeline and merged with pharmaceutical technology company Norstella. References Medical education Anatomy Anatomy websites History of anatomy Software companies of the United Kingdom Anatomical simulation Software companies based in London 1991 establishments in England Software companies established in 1991 3D computer graphics External websites PrimalPictures.com Anatomy.tv
Genetic memory may refer to: Genetic memory (psychology), a memory present at birth that exists in the absence of sensory experience Genetic memory (computer science), an artificial neural network combination of genetic algorithm and the mathematical model of sparse distributed memory ar:ذاكرة وراثية es:Memoria genética pl:Pamięć genetyczna
Jessica Seinfeld (; , born Nina Danielle Sklar; September 12, 1971) is an American author. She has released five cookbooks about preparing food for families, and is the founder of the GOOD+ Foundation (formerly Baby Buggy), a New York City-based charitable organization that provides essential items for families in need throughout New York City. She is married to comedian Jerry Seinfeld. Early life Nina Sklar was born in Oyster Bay, New York, the middle child of three daughters, and grew up in a middle-class household in Burlington, Vermont. Her mother was a Victims Service Advocate for more than fifty years and an attendance officer at Hunt Middle School, while her father was a computer software engineer. Career After graduating from the University of Vermont, Seinfeld worked in public relations for Golden Books Entertainment and Tommy Hilfiger. Baby Buggy Seinfeld founded Baby Buggy in 2001 following the birth of her first child. She started with a donation drive, whereby she asked people for their used baby supplies after realizing that her first child's products, no longer of use to her own family, could certainly be used by others. With a motto of "Love. Recycled", Baby Buggy's goal is to help families in need be able to access the essentials for ensuring their safety and well-being. By providing concrete resources to families through a network of social service professionals, Baby Buggy seeks to alleviate the stress of living in poverty and help in the prevention of crisis. As of May 2013, Baby Buggy has donated over six million items to New York families since the organization was established. Baby Buggy works with a network of over 50 community-based organizations (CBOs) that are carefully selected—each applies annually to become a recipient. Some of the organizations that have partnered with Baby Buggy include organizations working with victims of domestic violence such as Safe Horizon and New York Asian Women's Center, now known as Womankind; multi-service sites including Single Stop East Harlem and Lenox Hill Neighborhood House; prenatal and NICU units at hospitals such as Woodhull and NY Presbyterian; immigrant and refugee-serving organizations including the International Rescue Committee; and parenting programs, such as the Nurse-Family Partnership program and the Harlem Children's Zone's Baby College. About $2 Million of Baby Buggy's budget is made up of in-kind product donations from individuals and corporations. Financial support for the organization comes from its board of directors, the friends of Baby Buggy group, private individuals, corporations and foundations. As of 2008, 88 cents of every dollar received by Baby Buggy went straight to programs. In 2013, Baby Buggy received its fourth Four Star rating from Charity Navigator. The charity is also an Accredited Charity of the Better Business Bureau. In July 2010, Baby Buggy launched a layette collection with Target Corporation, with 10% of sales going to help families in need. The layette line was designed by illustrator and children's book author Maira Kalman. In 2016, Baby Buggy was rebranded as the Good Plus Foundation (also seen as Good+ Foundation). As Baby Buggy, the nonprofit had seen 20 million items donated to families across the United States. Seinfeld shared with "Good Morning America" co-anchor George Stephanopoulos that the charity had outgrown its name. The Good Plus Foundation pairs goods and services in an incentives program. For example, a parent who opens an education savings account will also receive a stroller. Cookbooks In October 2007, Seinfeld released her first cookbook, Deceptively Delicious: Simple Secrets to Get Your Kids Eating Good Food, which contains strategies and recipes for making healthy food appealing to young children. The book features traditional recipes, such as mac and cheese and spaghetti and meatballs, that get a nutritional boost from vegetable purees. Deceptively Delicious was featured on The Oprah Winfrey Show, became a No. 1 New York Times bestseller, remaining on the list for five months after its release. The book also reached No. 1 on Amazon.com and No. 2 on the USA Today bestseller list. Expert Joy Bauer added nutritional advice to the recipes, while Roxana Mehran and Mehmet Oz wrote the foreword. A portion of the royalties from Deceptively Delicious was donated to Baby Buggy. In October 2010, Seinfeld released her second cookbook, Double Delicious! Good, Simple Food for Busy, Complicated Lives, which shared more healthy twists on traditional recipes, and incorporated vegetable purees, whole grains, and alternatives to processed sugars and flours. Like her first book, Double Delicious! was featured on The Oprah Winfrey Show. In 2013 she released her third cookbook, The Can't Cook Book, billed as "100 recipes for the absolutely terrified!" In 2017 she released her fourth cookbook, Food Swings. In 2021, Seinfeld adopted a plant-based diet. She authored a vegan cookbook titled Vegan, at Times for those "who cannot quite commit" to a vegan diet all the time. Do it Delicious In October 2010, Seinfeld launched a website for beginner cooks called "Do it Delicious." The website teaches at-home viewers how to prepare particular dishes or meals step-by-step, as well as a kitchen guide, store, blog, and community forum where users can submit tips and ask how-to questions. Personal life In June 1998, she married Eric Nederlander, a theatrical producer and the son of theater owner Robert Nederlander. Several months before the wedding, she met Jerry Seinfeld at a Reebok Sports Club. After returning from a honeymoon in Italy with Nederlander, she began dating Seinfeld. Nederlander filed for divorce in October 1998, only four months after marriage. Sklar and Seinfeld became engaged in November 1999, and were married on December 25, 1999. Comedian George Wallace was the best man at the wedding. After much criticism from Nederlander on Sklar's divorce and subsequent marriage, the Seinfelds gave a personal account of their relationship to Vogue in 2004. Jessica Seinfeld is quoted as having said, Jerry Seinfeld has said, "If it wasn't for Jess and the kids, I'd really blow my brains out. Jessica saved my life. She gave me something to care about." The Seinfelds have three children, all born in New York City. Daughter Sascha was born November 7, 2000; son Julian Kal on March 1, 2003; and Shepherd Kellen was born on August 22, 2005. Lawsuit and dismissal Seinfeld's first book, Deceptively Delicious, was published by HarperCollins on January 7, 2008, and contained a series of recipes to hide pureed fruits and vegetables inside children's meals. Following her book's release, another cookbook author, Missy Chase Lapine, sued both Seinfelds, accusing Jessica of copyright and trademark infringement. Lapine had unsuccessfully shopped her own manuscript, The Sneaky Chef, to several publishers, including HarperCollins, before publishing with Running Press. In response to the accusations, Seinfeld denied that either author had invented the idea of hiding fruits and vegetables in children's meals, and asserted that "countless prior works utilized this very same unprotectable idea" in cookbooks dating back to 1971. She claimed, "My book came from years of trying to get my own children to eat healthy foods—my own trial and error in my own kitchen. The idea of pureeing vegetables has been around for decades." In the same lawsuit, Lapine also accused Jerry Seinfeld of defamation, after he appeared on Late Show with David Letterman on October 29, 2007, and called Lapine "angry and hysterical," a "wacko," a "stalker" and a "nut job," and suggested that "people with three names ... become assassins." In 2009, U.S. District Court Judge Laura Taylor Swain dismissed all claims against Jessica Seinfeld, but left open the claim of defamation against her husband, to be tried in New York state court. The federal judge ruled that "no reasonable fact finder could conclude" that any copying occurred, and that the books were "very different" and had "a completely different feel." Lapine appealed the decision, but the dismissal was affirmed by the U.S. Court of Appeals in 2010. In 2011, the state court dismissed the remaining defamation claim against Jerry Seinfeld. References External links 1971 births American food writers American women non-fiction writers Living people People from Oyster Bay (town), New York University of Vermont alumni Vegan cookbook writers Women cookbook writers Women food writers Writers from New York (state) Nederlander family 21st-century American women
Υannis Tsarouchis Foundation Museum is an art museum in Marousi, a northern suburb of Athens, Greece, dedicated to the famous Greek painter Yannis Tsarouchis. The museum is housed in the headquarters of the Foundation, which was formed in 1981, with the aim of assembling an as complete as possible collection of paintings representing all aspects of his work, to make a detailed inventory of the paintings, conserver them, organize exhibitions in the museum and participate in exhibitions organized by other institutions. There are exhibition rooms in the first floor and in the attic. External links Official site City of Athens (Greek only) Art museums and galleries in Greece Museums in Athens Foundations based in Greece Art museums established in 1981 1981 establishments in Greece Biographical museums in Greece
The Transformers is a platform shoot 'em up game based on the Transformers franchise. It was written by Denton Designs and released by Ocean Software for the Sinclair Spectrum and Commodore 64 home computers in 1986. Gameplay In the game, the Autobots are searching for four parts of an energon cube which have been scattered around a city, which consists of a number of platforms and ladders. The Decepticons are also seeking the energon cube, and will destroy the Autobots in order to retrieve it. The player controls five Autobots: Optimus Prime, Hound, Jazz, Mirage and Bumblebee, one at a time. When not in use, the Autobots hide in Defensa-Pods; while inside these pods they cannot be harmed, and slowly recharge their energy. The Decepticons are represented by Megatron, Soundwave, Starscream, Buzzsaw, Skywarp, Laserbeak, Ravage, Frenzy and Rumble. The Decepticons can regenerate and do not transform. Each Autobot has three attributes (Shields, Power and Weapons) with each character having them in different distributions (Optimus Prime has a high Power rating, average Shields and low Weapons, while Mirage has a high Weapons rating but lower Power and Shields). Each character can transform between their vehicle and robot forms by facing forward and pressing the fire button. Unlike the cartoon, all the Autobots can fly while in robot form, although they travel faster by using their vehicle modes. Driving off the end of platforms or into stationary objects will cause the character to die. Reception The game's received mixed reviews - Sinclair User gave the game 4 stars out of five, while Your Sinclair gave it 6/10 and Crash gave it 60%. Max Phillips from Your Sinclair said the game was "slick but nothing new, the keyboard controls are awful and the cassette inlay is diabolical" while John Gilbert of Sinclair User said "Transformers is a game where a high score is all-important, and I am sure that once you have found the energy cube you will still enjoy a scrap with the Decepticons". When asked, in an interview with Julian Rignall of Crash, which of their games they were least pleased with, Ally Noble, one of the developers of The Transformers admitted that it was "definitely Transformers... it's really a personal thing, we all like different products, but I think Transformers was an embarrassment". References External links 1986 video games Commodore 64 games Denton Designs games Ocean Software games Platformers Shoot 'em ups Single-player video games Transformers: Generation 1 video games Video games developed in the United Kingdom Video games scored by Fred Gray Video games set in the United States ZX Spectrum games
Productora de Software S.A.S. was a Colombian provider of software services that served the US, European and Latin American markets. In 2020, Productora de Software S.A.S. was acquired by Perficient Inc. (Nasdaq: PRFT). Productora de Software S.A.S. was the first Latin American software company to achieve CMMI 5 Status, and the first in the Spanish-speaking world to receive the Software Process Achievement Award granted by the IEEE Computer Society and Carnegie Mellon's Software Engineering Institute. In 2018, PSL was selected to be part of the Global Outsourcing 100 List by the IOAP (International Association of Outsourcing Professionals) It was located in Medellín, Colombia, with offices in Mexico and the US, and was one of the largest local software developers. History During its history of over 35 years, PSL developed critical software applications for clients that range from organizations such as the Panama Canal and the largest banks in the region, to hundreds of small and medium businesses across different industry verticals. In 2020, Productora de Software S.A.S. was acquired by Perficient Inc. for around US$70 million, expanding its operations to South America. References External links Official site Companies based in Medellín Companies established in 1984 Software companies of Colombia Colombian brands
