Xenophage: Alien Bloodsport is a fighting game written for DOS, by Apogee Software. It was originally released as shareware in 1995. The game was best known for calling all its fatalities (which consisted of mostly decapitations) "Meat", with the announcer yelling "Meat" after every fatality was performed. The game was also known for Barney the Dinosaur being a playable character. Xenophage was discontinued on November 6, 2003, and was re-released as freeware on April 24, 2006. Plot An extraterrestrial organization known as the "Council" abducts several individuals, including two humans, from various planets due to the aggressive tendencies demonstrated by their species. Trapped Inside a spaceship, they are ordered to engage in unarmed combat with each other inside holographic simulations of their homeworlds, for the amusement of the council. Should any of the combatants fail during combat, their homeworld will be destroyed. Reception References External links Official Webpage 1995 video games Apogee games DOS games DOS-only games Fighting games Freeware games Video games about death games Video games about extraterrestrial life Video games developed in the United States Video games scored by Bobby Prince Video games with pre-rendered 3D graphics
John Bennett is a British drummer, and a founding member of the progressive doom/death metal band, The Prophecy. With The Prophecy, Bennett has completed several tours of Europe and the United States, and has also recorded three albums. Bennett also played drums for fellow doom metal band My Dying Bride for two years, filling in for Shaun Steels while Steels recovered from an ankle injury. Bennett played as a session musician on the A Line of Deathless Kings album. In 2007 he announced that he could not continue to play with My Dying Bride. Discography Equipment Premier Percussion Cabria Exclusive (10”, 12”, 14”Ft, 22” & 14”Sn) Tama 12” side accent snare DW 9000 Hi Hat DW 5000 Pedal (DBL) Premier Percussion Hardware 22” Zildjian Z Custom power ride 20” Zildjian A Custom China 18” Zildjian Z Custom projection crash 16” Zildjian Z Custom rock crash 16” Zildjian Avedis rock crash 14” Zildjian Oriental china 13” Zildjian A Custom mastersound hi-hats 12” Zildjian Z Custom splash 8” Zildjian A Custom splash Roland TD20BK V Drums Hardcase cases Vic Firth 5A Sticks References Living people Place of birth missing (living people) Year of birth missing (living people) English heavy metal drummers
Dr Martin R. Woodward (28 May 1948 – 27 October 2006) was a British computer scientist who made leading contributions in the field of in software testing. Martin Woodward was an academic in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Liverpool in England. As part of his leading role in software testing, for 13 years, until shortly before his death, Woodward was the Chief Editor of the journal Software Testing, Verification & Reliability (STVR), a major international journal in the field of software testing. Woodward undertook software testing research in areas such as mutation testing, maturity models, testability, etc. References External links Martin R. Woodward publications on Microsoft Academic 1948 births 2006 deaths Academics of the University of Liverpool English computer scientists Software testing people Academic journal editors
Foundation Imaging, Inc. was a CGI visual effects studio, computer animation studio, and post-production editing facility. History The company was founded by Paul Beigle-Bryant and Ron Thornton. It pioneered digital imaging for television programming using Newtek's LightWave 3D, originally on Commodore Amiga based Video Toaster workstations. Dissolution The company was dissolved after work on season one of Star Trek: Enterprise had been completed and the company assets were sold off in a public auction on December 17, 2002 by Brian Testo Associates, LLC. Legacy The company's pioneering work on Babylon 5 popularized using the software package Lightwave 3D on US TV shows for CGI visual effects, which led to it becoming an industry standard throughout the 1990s. Key animators from the company and Emmy Award-winners Adam "Mojo" Lebowitz and John Teska remain major figures in the visual effects field for their work on shows such as the rebooted Battlestar Galactica and Lost. Notable works Babylon 5 Foundation Imaging is best known for their work on the science fiction series Babylon 5, winning an Emmy Award for the pilot episode. Star Trek franchise After completing the third season of Babylon 5, they worked on Paramount's Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (ultimately winning two more Emmy Awards for their work on Voyager). Foundation Imaging made the exterior views rendered by computer graphics for the Delta Flyer shuttlecraft, from drawings by Rick Sternbach, debuting on Voyager in the "Extreme Risk". They also did the CGI views of the Varro generation ship in the episode "The Disease" for example. The company also worked on Robert Wise's director's cut of Star Trek: The Motion Picture. This was one of Foundation Imaging's last projects before they shut down. Lebowitz also worked with Paramount Plus on the film's 2022 restoration. Batman CG visuals While working on Star Trek, the company provided CG visuals for the Warner Brothers direct-to-video animated movies based on the Batman: The Animated Series TV series. Project history Movies The Jackal (1997) Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero (1998) Today's Life (2000) The Legend of Zu (2001) (Blood Sea sequence) They Crawl (2001) Project Viper (2002) The Extreme Team (2003) Chrome (2005) Live action series Babylon 5 (1993 - 1996) (seasons 1-3) Hypernauts (1995 - 1996) (season 1) Star Trek: Voyager (1996 - 2001) (seasons 3-7) Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1997 - 1999) (the season 5 finale, seasons 6-7) Young Hercules (1998 - 1999) Dawson's Creek (2000) (single episode water effects) Star Trek: Enterprise (2001 - 2002) (season 1) Animated series Roughnecks: Starship Troopers Chronicles (1999) Max Steel (2001) Dan Dare (2002) Video games Twisted Metal: Black (2001) (CG movie and visual effects) DVD Star Trek: The Motion Picture (DVD director's edition) Awards 1993 Emmy Award – Babylon 5 – Outstanding Individual Achievement In Special Visual Effects: Paul Beigle-Bryant, Computer Imaging Supervisor - Foundation Imaging Shannon Casey, Visual Effects Coordinator Ron Thornton, Visual Effects Designer - Foundation Imaging 1999 Emmy Award – Star Trek: Voyager – Outstanding Special Visual Effects For A Series: Rob Bonchune, CGI Supervisor - Foundation Imaging Elizabeth Castro, Visual Effects Coordinator Arthur J. Codron, Visual Effects Coordinator Dan Curry, Visual Effects Producer/Supervisor Don Greenberg, Visual Effects Compositor Paul Hill, Visual Effects Compositor Adam "Mojo" Lebowitz, CGI Supervisor - Foundation Imaging Ronald B. Moore, Visual Effects Supervisor Greg Rainoff, Visual Effects Artist Mitch Suskin, Visual Effects Supervisor John Teska, CGI Animator - Foundation Imaging 2001 Emmy Award – Star Trek: Voyager – Outstanding Special Visual Effects For A Series: Robert Bonchune, CGI Supervisor - Foundation Imaging Eric Chauvin, Matte Artist Art Codron, Visual Effects Coordinator Dan Curry, Visual Effects Producer Steve Fong, Visual Effects Compositor Ronald Moore, Visual Effects Supervisor Greg Rainoff, Visual Effects Animator Mitch Suskin, Visual Effects Supervisor John Teska, CGI Artist - Foundation Imaging References External links Babylon 5 - Online!: Interview with Ron Thornton Trek Today: Interview with Paul Bryant Newtek.com: Interview with Kyle Toucher Newtek.com: Interview with Kevin "Q" Quattro Visual effects companies American animation studios Defunct film and television production companies of the United States
KDE System Guard, also known as KSysGuard, is the task manager and performance monitor for the KDE platform on Unix-like systems. It can monitor both local and remote hosts, accomplished via running ksysguardd on the remote host, and having the GUI (ksysguard) connect to the remote instance. It can retrieve simple values or complex data such as tables and display this information in a variety of graphical displays. Displays can then be organized in work sheets. It also provides a detailed top-like process table. KDE System Guard is a rewrite of the KDE 1.x task manager, KTop. See also top (software) - a task manager program found in many Unix-like operating systems htop - interactive system-monitor for Linux References External links KDE System Guard user wiki KDE System Guard Handbook Free software programmed in C++ KDE Software Compilation Linux process- and task-management-related software
Diethelm von Eichel-Streiber (10 August 1914 – 13 May 1996) was a German Luftwaffe officer in the Spanish Civil War and World War II. During the Spanish Civil War, he flew with Kampfgruppe 88 of the Condor Legion as an air observer. During World War II, he became a fighter ace credited with 96 aerial victories. With the exception of two aerial victories claimed over the Western Allies, the majority of his aerial victories were achieved on the Eastern Front. Early life and career Eichel-Streiber was born on 10 August 1914 in Oppershausen, at the time in the Province of Saxony within the German Empire, present-day in Thuringia. He was one of eight children of , a German politician and owner of the family estate in Berka vor dem Hainich, and his mother Hildegard von der Leyen zu Bloemersheim. In November 1937, he joined the Condor Legion and was posted to Kampfgruppe 88 as an air observer on a Heinkel He 111. On 14 April 1939, he was awarded the Spanish Cross in Gold with Swords (), for his service in the Spanish Civil War. World War II In November 1940, Eichel-Streiber was posted to III. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77th—77th Fighter Wing) where he served as an adjutant to his commanding officer and uncle Major Alexander von Winterfeldt. JG 77 had just been ordered to relocate from Norway to airfields near the English Channel. The Gruppenstab (headquarters unit) of III. Gruppe arrived in Dinan in northwestern France on 11 December. In preparation for Operation Marita, the Geschwaderstab, II. and III. Gruppe of JG 77 transferred to Deta in western Romania on 1 April 1941, completing the relocation by 4 April. German forces invaded Greece and Yugoslavia on 6 April. That day, III. Gruppe flew fighter escort missions for Junkers Ju 87 dive bombers from Sturzkampfgeschwader 77 (StG 77—77th Dive Bomber Wing) attacking Belgrade. The next day, the Gruppe was ordered to an airfield named Sofia-Vrba located approximately halfway between Radomir and Sofia to augment the [[8th Air Corps (Germany)|VIII. Fliegerkorps]] (8th Air Corps) commanded by Generaloberst Wolfram Freiherr von Richthofen. The Gruppe then followed the German advance to Skopje on 10 April. On 14 April, III. Gruppe moved to Prilep and then to Axioupoli followed by another relocation to Korinos on 16 April. On 19 April, operating from Korinos, III. Gruppe flew close air support missions. During an attack on the Dadion airfield at Amfikleia, Eichel-Streiber strafed and destroyed two Gloster Gladiator biplane fighters. The Gruppe then moved to Larissa on 20 April, from Larissa to Almyros on 22 April, and from Almyros to Tanagra on 27 April. The fighting in Greece ceased on 30 April and JG 77 was given a period of rest. In preparation for the Battle of Crete, III. Gruppe was ordered to Molaoi on 11 May. The Gruppe flew its first combat missions to Crete on 14 May, attacking the airfield at Maleme. During this early morning attack, Eichel-Streiber claimed his first aerial victory when he shot down a Hawker Hurricane fighter. Later that day, the Gruppe flew a second mission to Crete. During this mission, Eichel-Streiber's Messerschmitt Bf 109 E-7 (Werknummer 6435—factory number) was hit by anti-aircraft artillery, tearing off his left horizontal stabiliser and damaging his vertical stabilizer, resulting in a forced landing at Maloi. Operation Barbarossa and squadron leader In preparation for Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union, III. Gruppe was moved to Bucharest and was located in the sector of Heeresgruppe Süd (Army Group South). III. Gruppe arrived in Bucharest on 16 June. Four days later, III. Gruppe moved to Roman. That evening, the pilots and ground crews were briefed of the upcoming invasion of the Soviet Union, which opened the Eastern Front on 22 June. On 26 June, III. Gruppe flew seven combat missions. On the fifth mission of the day, a fighter escort mission for He 111 bombers from Kampfgeschwader 27 (KG 27—27th Bomber Wing), the flight encountered 25 Soviet Tupolev SB and 10 Ilyushin DB-3 bombers. During this engagement, Eichel-Streiber claimed four bombers shot down, taking his total to five aerial victories. On 29 December 1941, Eichel-Streiber was appointed Staffelkapitän (squadron leader) of 1. Staffel of the Ergänzungsgruppe of Jagdgeschwader 2 "Richthofen" (JG 2—2nd Fighter Wing), a supplementary training group. At the time, the Staffel was based in Döberitz before moving to Bergen aan Zee on 7 January 1942. In January 1942, the Staffel became part of the newly formed IV. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 1 (JG 1—1st Fighter Wing) where it thus became 10. Staffel of JG 1. IV. Gruppe first major task was Operation Donnerkeil, an air superiority operation to support the Kriegsmarine (German Navy) Operation Cerberus. The objective of this assignment was to give the German battleships and and the heavy cruiser fighter protection in the breakout from Brest to Germany. End-February to early March 1942, IV. Gruppe began relocating north to Trondheim. On 21 March, IV./JG 1 was renamed to III. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 5 (JG 5—5th Fighter Wing) and placed under the command of Hauptmann Günther Scholz. During this reassignment, Eichel-Streiber's Staffel became a newly formed 1. Staffel of JG 5 subordinated to I. Gruppe. On 4 May, Eichel-Streiber was posted to the Gruppenstab of II. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 26 "Schlageter" (JG 26—26th Fighter Wing). He was replaced by Oberleutnant Wolfgang Kosse who had been transferred from JG 26. With Jagdgeschwader 51 In early October 1942, II. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 51 (JG 51—51st Fighter Wing) was withdrawn from the Eastern Front and sent to Jesau, near present-day Bagrationovsk, to Heiligenbeil, present-day Mamonovo, to be reequipped with the Focke Wulf Fw 190 A. While undergoing training on this aircraft, the Gruppe received orders on 4 November to transfer to the Mediterranean theatre flying the Bf 109 again. 6. Staffel was exempt from this order, was detached from II. Gruppe, and continued its training on the Fw 190. In late November, 6. Staffel was renamed to Stabsstaffel (headquarters squadron) of JG 51 and placed under the command of von Eichel-Streiber on 30 November. The Stabsstaffel transferred to the Eastern Front again on 5 February 1943 where it was based at an airfield at Smolensk. On 4 March, the Stabsstaffel flew missions in support of elements of the 9th Army fighting east and northeast of Bely during the Battles of Rzhev. That day, the Stabsstaffel claimed seven aerial victories including an Ilyushin Il-2 ground-attack aircraft claimed shot down by Eichel-Streiber. The Stabsstaffel was tasked with providing fighter protection of the Smolensk airfield on 15 March. Shortly after sundown, Eichel-Streiber led a flight of Fw 190 fighters against six Il-2 ground-attack aircraft and their fighter escort. In the encounter east of Demidov, Eichel-Streiber claimed one of the attacking Il-2 aircraft shot down. On the first day of the Battle of Kursk, 5 July 1943, the Stabsstaffel relocated from Smolensk to Oryol where it fought over the northern face of the salient. On 11 September, Eichel-Streiber made a forced landing in his Fw 190 A-6 (Werknummer 530333) due to engine failure of the aircraft. Injured in the landing, he went on home-leave for a period of rest and convalescence. During his absence, he was replaced by Hauptmann Wolfram Philipps. Group commander Eichel-Streiber was appointed Gruppenkommandeur (group commander) of III. Gruppe of JG 51 on 1 April 1944. He succeeded Hauptmann Fritz Losigkeit in this capacity who was made Geschwaderkommodore (wing commander) of JG 51 the day before. Command of the Stabsstaffel was then temporarily passed to Leutnant Herbert Friebel before Hauptmann Edwin Thiel took command in May 1944. At the time. III. Gruppe was converting back from the Fw 190 to the Bf 109 at Dęblin–Irena. On 5 April, Eichel-Streiber was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). On 24 April, elements of III. Gruppe began relocating to Terespol where the Geschwaderstab (headquarters unit) and I. Gruppe of JG 51 were based, fighting predominantly in the combat area of Kovel. The relocation was completed by 15 May. The Gruppe moved to Babruysk on 21 June and the following day, Soviet Forces launched Operation Bagration (22 June – 19 August) which nearly annihilated Army Group Centre. On 21 June, bombers of the Eighth Air Force on a shuttle bombing mission of Operation Frantic, attacked oil refineries south of Berlin before heading for the Poltava Air Base. The bombers were intercepted by elements of JG 51 led by Losigkeit. In this encounter, two of the escorting North American P-51 Mustang fighters were shot down. One of the P-51 fighters crashed near the Luftwaffe airfield at Babruysk where III. Gruppe was based. In its cockpit, a map of the Poltava Air Base was found. Eichel-Streiber sent the map to the headquarters of Luftflotte 6 (6th Air Fleet). This intelligence led to an attack by Luftwaffe bombers which destroyed 44 parked Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bombers and damaged further 26. On 24 June, the Soviet Air Forces fielded 4,500 combat missions over the combat area of Army Group Centre while Luftflotte 6 flew 111 ground attack and 150 fighter missions, creating a 1:15 discrepancy. That day, III. Gruppe flew several missions in the combat area south and southeast of Babruysk. During these missions, Eichel-Streiber claimed an Il-2 ground-attack aircraft on a morning mission south of Parichi and another Il-2 later in the afternoon east of Babruysk. On 25 August 1944, Eichel-Streiber was transferred and appointed Gruppenkommandeur of I. Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 27 (JG 27—27th Fighter Wing). Command of his former III. Gruppe of JG 51 was passed on to Hauptmann Joachim Brendel. Summary of career Aerial victory claims According to US historian David T. Zabecki, von Eichel-Streiber was credited with 96 aerial victories. Spick also lists von Eichel-Streiber with 96 aerial victories claimed in an unknown number combat missions. This figure includes 94 aerial victories on the Eastern Front, and further two victories over the Western Allies. Mathews and Foreman, authors of Luftwaffe Aces — Biographies and Victory Claims, researched the German Federal Archives and found records for 91 aerial victory claims, plus three further unconfirmed claims. This figure includes 90 claims on the Eastern Front and one over the Western Allies. Victory claims were logged to a map-reference (PQ = Planquadrat), for example "PQ 35 Ost 36121". The Luftwaffe grid map () covered all of Europe, western Russia and North Africa and was composed of rectangles measuring 15 minutes of latitude by 30 minutes of longitude, an area of about . These sectors were then subdivided into 36 smaller units to give a location area in size. Awards Spanish Cross in Gold with Swords (14 April 1939) German Cross in Gold on 17 October 1943 as Hauptmann in the Stabsstaffel/Jagdgeschwader 51 Honour Goblet of the Luftwaffe on 13 September 1943 as Hauptmann and StaffelkapitänKnight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 5 April 1944 as Hauptmann and Staffelkapitän of the Stab/Jagdgeschwader'' 51 "Mölders" Notes References Citations Bibliography 1914 births 1996 deaths Condor Legion personnel German World War II flying aces Military personnel from Thuringia Military personnel from the Province of Saxony Recipients of the Gold German Cross Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
The Windows software trace preprocessor (WPP; the preprocessor and related support tools are known as WPP Software Tracing) is a preprocessor that simplifies the use of WMI event tracing to implement efficient software tracing in drivers and applications that target Windows 2000 and later operating systems. WPP was created by Microsoft and is included in the Windows DDK. Although WPP is wide in its applicability, it is not included in the Windows SDK, and therefore is primarily used for drivers and driver support software produced by software vendors that purchase the Windows DDK. Background Software tracing is a specialized use of logging to record information about a program's execution. This information is commonly used for debugging. In contrast to event logging, the primary purpose of which is to produce records of events that can be audited by system administrators (see for example Event Viewer) or analyzed by management tools, software tracing is primarily a debugging aid for software developers. As such, many of the non-functional requirements of event logging, such as localizability or a standards-based output format, are explicitly non-goals for most applications of software tracing. On the other hand, software tracing has special requirements for performance that are not generally as important in event logging. For example, one common use of software tracing, in/out tracing, produces output at the entry point and return of functions or methods so that a developer can visually follow the execution path, often including parameters and return values, in a debugger or text-based log file (this can be seen as a run-time analog of a sequence diagram). This type of tracing, although useful for developers, can greatly hurt performance of a software product if it cannot be disabled (either at compile-time via conditional compilation, or at run-time via flags). Additional considerations special to software tracing include the following: In proprietary software, tracing data may include sensitive information about the product's source code. If tracing is enabled or disabled at run-time, many methods of tracing require a significant amount of additional data be included in the binary, which can indirectly hurt performance even when tracing is disabled. If tracing is enabled or disabled at compile-time, getting trace data for an issue on a customer machine depends on the customer being willing and able to install a special, tracing enabled, version of your software. Certain types of software, such as drivers, need to meet strict performance requirements even with tracing enabled. Due to the first two considerations, traditional methods of software tracing use conditional compilation to enable or disable tracing (and inclusion of tracing data) at compile-time. For example, using the C preprocessor, one might define a macro DebugOut as follows: #ifdef _DEBUG #define DebugOut(msg, ...) \ DebugPrintf( "(" ":" TO_STRING() ")\t" \ msg, __VAR_ARGS__) #else #define DebugOut(msg, ...) #endif where TO_STRING is a macro that converts the line number () to a string and DebugPrintf is a printf-like function that might for example output text to the debugger. Then, the following code: DebugOut("Error %d occurred\n", error_code); would produce output similar to the following on debug builds only: SomeFunction(file.c:78) Error 217 occurred Another technique for certain types of tracing (particularly in/out tracing) is to use instrumentation. While this technique can address many of the major concerns, it is not always available (typically only in managed code). WMI event tracing is an example of a technology that addresses in particular performance of tracing in performance-critical code such as drivers. It can also address the concern of controlling the distribution of sensitive trace information by letting a developer define the human-readable tracing data ("Error %d occurred\n" in the example above) separately from the code so that it is not built into the product (in the code, a specific message is referred to by its message number). However, there are some important limitations: WMI event tracing cannot, by itself, automatically generate the "SomeFunction(file.c:78)" part of the trace message. This is a limitation of all such technologies, not specific to WMI event tracing. Requiring the human-readable part of the tracing data to be separated from the code can decrease the readability of the code. Using this technique can introduce significant development overhead for "one-shot" tracing messages. Operation of WPP WPP is run prior to compilation (in other words, before even the C preprocessor), and generates a trace message header for each file that it processes (by default this header is filename.tmh, where filename is the name of the processed source file). This header must then be explicitly included into the source file, for example: // File: file.cxx // This file is an example of using WPP #include "file.tmh" WPP's understanding of C/C++ syntax is very limited. In particular, it does not expand macros (except in special circumstances where it is necessary), nor does it handle pragmas or perform any semantic analysis. A developer specifies one or more tracing macros that WPP should handle, via a configuration file, special annotations in comments, command line parameters, or some combination of these methods. Each time WPP encounters one of the macros that it is supposed to handle, it generates a trace message macro. In other words, if for example DoTrace is a tracing macro, WPP will generate a separate macro for each occurrence of DoTrace. The generated trace message macros are disambiguated by file name and line number, and, using various preprocessor tricks, WPP in turn defines the original tracing macro so that it will expand the appropriate trace message macro at each occurrence. How trace message macros are generated by WPP depends on a template file (the format of the file is undocumented). The default template files included with WPP specify that the string of a trace message should be included in an annotation (using the __annotation feature of the Microsoft Compiler). These strings are not included in the compiled code, but are included in the debugger symbol file in a format that tools included with WPP can understand. The trace message macros also include the logic for enabling or disabling tracing via flags and the calls to WMI event tracing APIs. Limitations Because WPP doesn't expand macros, it won't recognize an instantiation of a tracing macro that is included in the definition of another macro. For example, if DoTrace is a tracing macro, and a macro CheckForErrors is defined as: #define CheckForErrors(error_code) \ if (IsError(error_code)) \ { \ DoTrace("Error %d occurred\n", err); \ HandleError(error_code); \ } then WPP will not generate the trace message macros for DoTrace where CheckForErrors occurs. WPP provides an ad hoc workaround for this issue, but there still exists a small class of macros that cannot be expressed even using the workaround. The default template file generates code that will only work properly with the Microsoft compiler. Although this is not an inherent limitation of the preprocessor, the fact that the template file (which controls what code is generated in the trace message header) uses an undocumented format means that in practice WPP will only work properly with the Microsoft compiler. Earlier versions of WPP caused compiling errors when more than one trace macro header was included into a source file (for example, if a source file with tracing included a header that had tracing in inline functions). This is fixed in the most recent version. Note that this is also a limitation of the template file, not the WPP tool itself. Because trace message macros are disambiguated by file and line number, there can be only one tracing macro per line in the source code. External links WPP Software Tracing Reference on MSDN Microsoft software Windows administration Windows components Debugging
Victor S. Johnston (born 4 May 1943) is an Irish-born psychologist whose work emphasis is emotion, and event related potentials. His areas of study include cognitive engineering, biopsychology, and cognitive psychology. His major research interests are evolutionary psychology, electrophysiology and genetic algorithms. Dr. Johnston states, "The human brain did not evolve to accurately represent the world around us; it evolved only to enhance the survival of our genes." According to Johnston, the combination of emotions with symbolic thought produces meaning. But with this capacity comes the ability to develop meanings for things that do not exist. Little girls develop the ability to attach emotional feelings to dolls, and pretend that their toys live. Little boys learn how to pretend to hunt and fight and attach emotions to them. We learn feelings of desire, fear, and wonder by wandering to the limits of our play. Imagination allows us to create technology, mathematics, and art, but with it can also come terrifying thoughts that could cause harm to us. We grow to learn the difference between most of our thoughts and what they represent, but most of us get fooled into believing the reality of some things that don't exist at all. Dr. Johnston received his B.Sc. in psychology, 1964, Queens University, Belfast, N. Ireland; and Ph.D. in psychopharmacology, 1967, University of Edinburgh, Scotland. His doctoral research on the biochemistry of Schizophrenia was awarded the A.E. Bennett Neuropsychiatric Research Foundation Award. Honors Awarded New Mexico Software Author of the Year Award, New Mexico Entrepreneurs Association, Los Alamos and Sandia National Laboratories (1995). New Mexico Inventor of the Year Award (1995) for FacePrints software. US patent (1994) for FacePrints software that can evolve faces in a computer. Doctoral research on the biochemistry of Schizophrenia was awarded the A.E. Bennett Neuropsychiatric Research Foundation Award (1967) Academic appointments Professor, New Mexico State University, 1988–present Associate Professor, NMSU, 1980–1987 Assistant Professor, NMSU, 1969–1980 Postdoctoral Fellow, Stanford University, 1970–1971 Co-Director of Yale in Holloman Research Facility, Yale University of Medicine, 1967–1969 Publications JOHNSTON, V. S., and Bradley, R. J. Molecular Pharmacology of Hallucinogens. In Wortis (Ed.) Recent Advances in Biological Psychiatry, 10, 1968. SMYTHIES, J. R., Johnston, V. S., & Bradley, R. J. Behavioral models of psychosis. British Journal of Psychiatry,115, 55–68,1969. DELGADO, J. M. R., Johnston, V. S., Wallace, J. D., and Bradley, R. J.: Operant Conditioning of Amygdala Spindling in the Free Chimpanzee. Brain Research, 22:347–362, 1970. JOHNSTON, V. S., Hart, M., and Howell, W. The nature of the medial wall deficit in the rat. Neuropsychologia, 12, 497–503, 1974. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Chesney, G. L. Electrophysiological correlates of meaning. Science, 186, 944–946, 1974. PRIBRAM, K. H., Day, R. U., and Johnston, V. S.: Selective Attention: Distinctive Brain Electrical Patterns produced by Differential Reinforcement in Monkey and Man. In D. I. Mostofsky (Ed.) Behavior Control and Modification of Physiological Activity, Prentice Hall, 1976. JOHNSTON V. S., Holcomb P. J.: Probability Learning and the P3 Component of the Visual Evoked Potential in Man. Psychophysiology 17(4):396–400, 1980. JOHNSTON V.S., Partridge, D., and Lopez, P. A neural theory of cognitive development. Journal of Theoretical Biology, 100, 485–509, 1983. PARTRIDGE, D., Johnston, V.S. and Lopez, P.: Computer Programs as Theories in Biology. J. Theor. Biol., 108:539-64, 1984. JOHNSTON, V. S., Miller, D. and Burleson, M.: Multiple P3s to Emotional Stimuli and Their Theoretical Significance. Psychophysiology, 23:684-94, 1986. PARTRIDGE, D., Johnston, V. S. and Lopez, P.: Experiments with a Cognitive Industrial Robot. International Journal of Man-Machine Studies, 27:435–448, 1987. JOHNSTON, V. S., Burleson, M., and Miller D. Emotional value and late positive components of ERP's. in Current Trends in Event-Related Potential Research. (E.E.G. Supp. 40) Eds. R. Johnson Jr., J.W. Rohrbaugh & R.Parasuraman. 1988. JOHNSTON, V. S.: Evaluating a New Technique for Improving Eyewitness Identification. Final Report for National Institute of Justice Grant No. 90-IJCX0025, 1990. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Wang, X. T.: The Relationship between Menstrual Phase and the P3 Component of ERPs. Psychophysiology, 28:400–409, 1991. CALDWELL, C. and Johnston, V. S.: Tracking a Criminal Through "Face-Space" with a Genetic Algorithm. In: R. K. Belew and L. B. Booker (eds), Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Genetic Algorithms. pgs 416–421. San Diego, CA: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, 1991. WANG, X. T., Johnston, V. S., and Oliver, J. C.: Evoked Brain Potential Studies of Emotional and Cognitive Processes. Acta Psychologica Sinica, 24:406–414, 1992. WANG, X. T. & Johnston, V. S.: Adaptive Changes in Cognitive and Emotional Processing with Reproductive Status. Brain, Behavior and Evolution, 42:39–47, 1993. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Franklin, M.: Is Beauty in the Eye of the Beholder? Ethology and Sociobiology, 14(3):183–199, 1993. JOHNSTON, V. S. Method and apparatus for generating composites of human faces U.S. Patent # 5,375,195, 1994. WANG, X. T. & Johnston, V. S.: Perceived Social Context and Risk Preference: A Re-examination of Framing Effects in a Life-Death Decision Problem. Journal of Behavioral Decision Making, 8:279–293, 1995. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Oliver-Rodriguez, J. C: Facial Beauty and the Late Positive Component of Event-related Potentials. Journal of Sex Research. 34, 188–198, 1996. JOHNSTON, V. S., and Caldwell, C: Tracking a criminal suspect through face space with a genetic algorithm. In Back, T, Fogel, D, Michalewicz, Z. (eds.) Handbook of Evolutionary Computation; Oxford University Press. 1997. OLIVER-RODRIGUEZ, J. C., Guan, J., and Johnston, V.S. Gender differences in Late Positive components evoked by Human Faces. Psychophysiology, 36: 176–185, 1999. JOHNSTON, V. S. Why We Feel: The Science of Human Emotions. Perseus Press: Reading, Mass. 1999 Books Why We Feel, the Science of Human Emotions (2000) References Evolutionary psychologists American science writers Irish emigrants to the United States 1943 births Living people Alumni of Queen's University Belfast Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
In computational geometry, the Bowyer–Watson algorithm is a method for computing the Delaunay triangulation of a finite set of points in any number of dimensions. The algorithm can be also used to obtain a Voronoi diagram of the points, which is the dual graph of the Delaunay triangulation. Description The Bowyer–Watson algorithm is an incremental algorithm. It works by adding points, one at a time, to a valid Delaunay triangulation of a subset of the desired points. After every insertion, any triangles whose circumcircles contain the new point are deleted, leaving a star-shaped polygonal hole which is then re-triangulated using the new point. By using the connectivity of the triangulation to efficiently locate triangles to remove, the algorithm can take O(N log N) operations to triangulate N points, although special degenerate cases exist where this goes up to O(N2). History The algorithm is sometimes known just as the Bowyer Algorithm or the Watson Algorithm. Adrian Bowyer and David Watson devised it independently of each other at the same time, and each published a paper on it in the same issue of The Computer Journal (see below). Pseudocode The following pseudocode describes a basic implementation of the Bowyer-Watson algorithm. Its time complexity is . Efficiency can be improved in a number of ways. For example, the triangle connectivity can be used to locate the triangles which contain the new point in their circumcircle, without having to check all of the triangles - by doing so we can decrease time complexity to . Pre-computing the circumcircles can save time at the expense of additional memory usage. And if the points are uniformly distributed, sorting them along a space filling Hilbert curve prior to insertion can also speed point location. function BowyerWatson (pointList) // pointList is a set of coordinates defining the points to be triangulated triangulation := empty triangle mesh data structure add super-triangle to triangulation // must be large enough to completely contain all the points in pointList for each point in pointList do // add all the points one at a time to the triangulation badTriangles := empty set for each triangle in triangulation do // first find all the triangles that are no longer valid due to the insertion if point is inside circumcircle of triangle add triangle to badTriangles polygon := empty set for each triangle in badTriangles do // find the boundary of the polygonal hole for each edge in triangle do if edge is not shared by any other triangles in badTriangles add edge to polygon for each triangle in badTriangles do // remove them from the data structure remove triangle from triangulation for each edge in polygon do // re-triangulate the polygonal hole newTri := form a triangle from edge to point add newTri to triangulation for each triangle in triangulation // done inserting points, now clean up if triangle contains a vertex from original super-triangle remove triangle from triangulation return triangulation References Further reading Efficient Triangulation Algorithm Suitable for Terrain Modelling generic explanations with source code examples in several languages. External links pyDelaunay2D : A didactic Python implementation of Bowyer–Watson algorithm. Bl4ckb0ne/delaunay-triangulation : C++ implementation of Bowyer–Watson algorithm. Geometric algorithms Triangulation (geometry)
antiX () is a Linux distribution, originally based on MEPIS, which itself is based on the Debian stable distribution. antiX initially replaced the MEPIS KDE desktop environment with the Fluxbox and IceWM window managers, making it suitable for older, less powerful x86-based systems. Unlike Debian, antiX does not use the systemd init system, instead, antiX provides images where either SysVinit or Runit are set as the default init system. It is lightweight and suitable for older computers, while also providing cutting edge kernel and applications, as well as updates and additions via the apt-get package system and Debian-compatible repositories. Starting with version 19 antiX offers sysVinit and runit as a choice for the init system. Starting with version 22 antiX is offered elogind-free for both 32-bit and 64-bit architecture. Window managers antiX comes with a default Desktop built on top of ROX or Zzzfm File Managers, GTK library and IceWM as a Window Manager. antiX-full and antiX-base include these window managers: Lightweight: Rox-IceWM (default), IceWM and ZzzFM-IceWM. (Stacking WM) Minimalist: Rox-Fluxbox, Fluxbox and ZzzFM-Fluxbox. (Stacking WM) Very minimalist: Rox-JWM, JWM and ZzzFM-JWM. (Stacking WM) Running the ROX or Zzzfm variants provides a desktop icons and drag-and-drop function. Conky provides system monitor availability. Versions antiX is available for IA-32 (32-bit) and x86-64 (64-bit) architectures, and comes in four versions: Full, Includes X Windows, 4 windows managers, LibreOffice suite, and a 'Package Installer' which allows installation of a full range of applications (1.4 GB) Base, Includes X Windows, 4 windows managers, and a 'Package Installer' which allows the user to choose their own application suite (800 MB) Core, No X Windows, command-line installer without encryption, which enables the user to have total control over the install (440 MB) net, No X Windows, command-line installer without encryption, which enables the user to have total control with no desktop environment by default (180 MB) These four AntiX versions were joined by MEPIS in 2014, developed in cooperation with the MEPIS Community to form MX Linux. MX Linux uses Xfce as the default desktop environment, is based directly on Debian Stable, is highly stable and gives solid performance from a medium-sized footprint. As of November 2016, MX Linux is now listed as a separate distro on DistroWatch. Releases The releases of antiX are named after prominent left-wing figures, groups and revolutionaries. See also MX Linux Category:Linux distributions without systemd List of Linux distributions that run from RAM Lightweight Linux distribution References External links antiX on sourceforge antiX support group on facebook Debian-based distributions Linux distributions Linux distributions without systemd Operating system distributions bootable from read-only media
