Kugar is a discontinued tool for generating business quality reports for KOffice. The reports can be viewed and printed. It includes a standalone report viewer and a KParts report viewer. The latter means that any K Desktop Environment 3 application can embed the report viewing functionality and that reports can be viewed using the Konqueror browser. Kugar works by merging application generated data with a template to produce the final report. Both the data and the template are specified using XML. This approach means that applications only need worry about generating the data itself. A template can be referenced via a URL which allows businesses to create a centrally managed template library. History Kugar was developed by theKompany as derivative from Metaphrast, originally written by Keith Davis at Mutiny Bay Software, beginning in August 1999. theKompany released version 1.0 on 21 September 2000 which was based on K Desktop Environment 2 and Qt 2.2.0. On 21 February 2001 Kugar was donated to KDE for inclusion into KOffice. KOffice 1.1 – the last version based on K Desktop Environment 2 – was released as beta version on 24 April 2001 and already included Kugar as stable application. Kugar remained part of KOffice up to version 1.6.3. Kugar was not ported to become part of KOffice 2. Kexi’s new Report Designer – introduced in KOffice 2.2 on 28 May 2010 – served as replacement for Kugar. Features Report printing in PostScript. Database/data source neutral, data is supplied to the report engine in XML. Support for direct database access. Open report definition files, report layout is stored in XML. Full control of fonts, colors, text alignment and wrapping. Report Header/Footer. Page Header/Footer. Detail Section. Detail Header/Footer. Unlimited number of detail levels. Grand totals: count, sum, average, variance and standard deviation. Additional formatting (negative numbers, currency, commas for numbers and dates). References External links Calligra Suite Free reporting software
Mark Pinger (born 26 June 1970) is a former freestyle swimmer from Germany, who won a total number of two bronze medals as a relay member at the Summer Olympics. Pinger first did so in 1992 alongside Christian Tröger, Dirk Richter, and Steffen Zesner. Four years later, when Atlanta, Georgia hosted the Summer Olympics, he and Tröger finished third alongside brothers Bengt Zikarsky and Björn Zikarsky. Pinger was born in Kenzingen, Baden-Württemberg. He now lives in Oregon and is the General Manager for Arena North America. He swims on a regular basis with a Masters program at Stafford Hills Club which has an outdoor short course salt water pool located in Tualatin, OR. References databaseOlympics.com sports-reference 1970 births Living people German male swimmers Olympic swimmers for Germany Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics Olympic bronze medalists for Germany Olympic bronze medalists in swimming German male freestyle swimmers Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics Sportspeople from Freiburg (region) 20th-century German people 21st-century German people People from Emmendingen (district)
"Daddy's Little Girl" is a classic song typically played at white weddings while a bride dances with her father. The song's lyrics and music were first written by Robert Harrison Burke and Horace Gerlach in 1949. Recordings The song was recorded by British balladeer Steve Conway in 1950, and later by other artists, such as Al Martino on his 1967 Capitol Records release, Frank Fontaine on his 1963 ABC-Paramount single release, and Michael Bublé on his second album, the 2002 Canadian release, Dream. Although the Mills Brothers originally recorded the song in 1950, their 1976 re-recording was notably used in the soundtrack in the 2010 video game BioShock 2. Lyrics You're the end of the rainbow, my pot of gold You're Daddy's Little Girl to have and hold A precious gem is what you are You're Mommy's bright and shining star. You're the spirit of Christmas; my star on the tree You're the Easter Bunny to Mommy and me. You're sugar, you're spice, you're everything nice and you're Daddy's Little Girl. x2 In popular culture The song was featured on an episode of Laverne & Shirley, when Scott Brady, in his role of Shirley's long-lost father Jack Feeney, sang the song to Cindy Williams' Shirley. References lyrics and song by Ruth M.Reed, 1949 Pop standards 1949 songs
BeleniX is a discontinued operating system distribution built using the OpenSolaris source base. It can be used as a Live CD as well as installed to a hard disk. Initially developed as a Live CD along the lines of Knoppix to showcase OpenSolaris technologies. Belenix went on to become the initial base for Sun's OpenSolaris distribution. A number of technologies pioneered in the Belenix project have gone on to become full projects in their own right within the OpenSolaris ecosystem. Design and principles BeleniX aims to have the latest stable revisions of most software, and packages are continuously pushed in the package repository with this aim in mind. However, in many cases bleeding-edge software is pushed out to help validate it and try out new features. Due to these reasons BeleniX also includes a lot of third-party drivers that may not be found in the official OpenSolaris distribution from Sun. While the focus of BeleniX is on the developer desktop, it is also stable and scalable enough to work as a workstation or development server environment. This is mainly due to the underlying OpenSolaris kernel and userland environment. BeleniX is compiled only for 32-bit execution (at i586/Pentium opcode based). However, references from the BeleniX team members have indicated that as of BeleniX 0.7, their live CD contains both 32-bit and 64-bit installation files. BeleniX is focused on using KDE for its desktop environment, although Xfce has also been supported since the beginning of the distribution. An upcoming release will also include first-class support for GNOME. The BeleniX dev team includes other OpenSolaris based distros such as MilaX, Nexenta OS, and SchilliX. The name and logo are references to the Celtic god of light, Belenus. BeleniX thus is also a first-class OpenSolaris development environment and is completely self-hosting. Every package included in BeleniX is built on BeleniX itself, including the OpenSolaris kernel. BeleniX aims to be an easy-to-use distribution that gently exposes the power of OpenSolaris. The Live CD format makes OpenSolaris more easily approachable, and boots within two to three minutes from a CD-ROM. It also aims to encourage innovation by bringing in new features and usability enhancements and increasing community participation. History After the announcement of the OpenSolaris project, BeleniX was started as a private project by a few Sun employees working at Sun's India Engineering Centre in Bangalore, India, in the year 2005. Their aim was to have something along the lines of Knoppix to showcase OpenSolaris to end users. In a few weeks' time, an ISO image was ready for people to use. Over a period of time, BeleniX was developed further and grew in popularity. Non-Sun contributors also joined in the effort developing it into a FOSS community project. BeleniX was the first OpenSolaris distribution to bundle a complete working Xorg X11 GUI environment. Over the years a number of critical innovations sprung out of the BeleniX project which were later incorporated into the OpenSolaris distributions from Sun. In fact, the first beta release of Sun's OpenSolaris distribution was largely based on BeleniX. BeleniX was the second OpenSolaris distribution to appear, after SchilliX, and the first to provide an auto-configuring Xorg based GUI. It introduced various missing technologies in OpenSolaris. Some of the important innovations include: Auto-Configuration of interfaces prior to NWAM; Complete working Xorg X11 environment, which later resulted in the Fully Open X project; On-The-Fly Loopback Decompression of CD contents; New Algorithm for file placement optimization leveraging DTrace profiling; Implementation of read-ahead and I/O scheduling in the HSFS(ISO9660) filesystem in OpenSolaris; Live CD built toolkit; First OpenSolaris distribution to provide a NTFS and Ext2fs mount capability; First OpenSolaris distribution to provide advanced Xorg auto-configuration capability; First OpenSolaris distribution to be able to run a fully functional Java 5/6 environment; First OpenSolaris distribution to provide a basic port of GNU Parted; First OpenSolaris distribution to provide a complete KDE 3.5.x environment. Project Indiana has leveraged all these technologies and has served as a starting point for it. Taking this and other technologies developed for Indiana in account, the future focus for BeleniX has been set to evolve and grow as a source-level Indiana derivate with focus on the KDE desktop, and to make a fully featured and functional OpenSolaris distribution based on KDE. Check the LiveCD Features Timeline in References to see a chronological account of BeleniX development till the release of the OpenSolaris distribution by Sun in 2008. Software and toolchain The BeleniX team aims to ensure that all packages co-exist on the same system, while ensuring that the latest versions of the package are built with the latest compilers. As a result, Belenix has so far had KDE 3.5.9 built with GCC 3.4.3, newer packages including KDE4 being increasingly built with GCC 4.4. There are some packages, especially the GNOME components derived from the JDS project, that are being built with Sun Studio 12. These are being actively migrated to Gcc 4.4. The team aims to eventually have all of BeleniX built on the completely FOSS toolchain GCC. Desktop environments BeleniX has so far positioned itself as a KDE distribution, while also providing XFCE. Upcoming releases will also provide GNOME. KDE 3.x and 4.2.4(upcoming) XFCE GNOME Installation BeleniX today uses the same Caiman Installer and libraries that are used in Sun's OpenSolaris distribution. Going forward there are plans to re-implement the Installer GUI in Qt4 while still using the underlying Caiman Installer libraries. Packaging The BeleniX team presently continues to use SVR4 packaging, which is what Solaris has provided to date. The team does not intend to use IPS in its present state due to various technical reasons, and is considering alternatives including the deb format and the RPM5 format along with the Smart Package Manager. References External links BeleniX Home Page '' BeleniX FAQ on Genunix OpenSolaris Wiki KDE OpenSolaris Unix variants
Up New Generation is a new version of the Up Series, following the lives of a group of individuals who were seven years old at the turn of the millennium. The series is directed by Julian Farino and began with 7Up 2000, first broadcast in April 2000. The second instalment, 14 Up 2000, aired in two parts on BBC One in September 2007. 21 Up New Generation was broadcast in September 2014 in two parts, while 28 Up was broadcast on BBC One from 29 September 2021 with the new subtitle Millennium Generation. Also in 2021, the five previous programmes were added to the BBC iPlayer for viewers of the new episodes to watch. 28 Up: Millennial Generation 28 Up: Millennial Generation is a two-part documentary made by ITV for the BBC via their factual programming division Multistory Media, the company behind Michael Apted's 63 Up from 2019. Both episodes are 60 minutes in length, with the first episode featuring five participants from the original 2000 documentary. Episode one went out on BBC One at 9pm on 29 September 2021 and featured Oliver, Ben from Mull, Gemma, BMX biker John and radio DJ Sanchez. Episode two is due to be broadcast by the BBC at 9pm on 6 October 2021 and will feature Ryan from Bolton, songwriter Orala, Talan from Cornwall and Stacey, who has been teaching in China for eight-years. List of films and premiere dates Participation record References External links British documentary television films Documentary films about children Biographical documentary films Films directed by Julian Farino 2000s British films
Grok is a word coined by Robert Heinlein meaning "to know intimately". Grok may also refer to: Google Kythe, originally known as Project Grok Grok, a programming language created by Ric Holt Grok (JPEG 2000), a graphics library Grok (web framework), an open-source web framework based on Zope Toolkit technology Grok Knowledge Base, at Louisiana State University Grok Magazine, an Australian free student magazine Grok Ventures, a company owned by Australian entrepreneur Mike Cannon-Brookes See also Groklaw, a defunct website OpenGrok, a source code search and cross reference engine Grock (1880–1959), Swiss clown and musician Grook, a form of short aphoristic poem The Groke, a fictional character from the Moomins
IPSA or Ipsa may refer to: Organizations I. P. Sharp Associates, a Canadian company, creator of the IPSANET computer network Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority, a public body in the United Kingdom Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées, a French private aerospace engineering grande école International Political Science Association, a UNESCO scholarly association International Professional Surrogates Association, a non-profit organization dedicated to advancing sexual surrogate therapy Publications International Political Science Abstracts, an academic journal, published on behalf of the International Political Science Association People Kristijan Ipša (born 1986), Croatian footballer of Slovenian heritage Other uses Ipsa, a genus of sea snails Índice de Precio Selectivo de Acciones, a Chilean Stock Index Intimate partner sexual assault, a variant term for spousal rape See also International Public Sector Accounting Standards (IPSAS), a set of accounting standards
WIIC-LD, virtual and UHF digital channel 31, is a low-power Rev'n-affiliated television station licensed to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The station is owned by Abacus Television, and broadcasts from WQED's antenna tower in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh. History WIIC was originally an affiliate of The Box. After The Box was purchased by Viacom in 2001, WIIC became an affiliate of MTV2. In 2001, it would also simulcast Live Auction Television, a program that aired on its sister station, WBYD-CA (channel 39). After leaving MTV2, WIIC-LP aired programming from NOYZ, a hybrid music/text messaging channel, until the station went silent in late 2007. NOYZ ceased operations a few months later. The station's license was initially canceled in 2010, but Abacus Television Network filed a petition of reconsideration, and the WIIC-LP license was reinstated in Fall 2011. In 2014, WIIC went silent due to financial problems. In May 2015, it returned to the air, initially re-broadcasting HSN programming from WOSC-CD (channel 61). In August 2015, WIIC became a Bounce TV affiliate. At some point after late 2015, channel 31 went silent and in early 2020, returned to the air, with three sub-channels: Rev'n, The Action Channel, and The Family Channel. Callsign The call sign WIIC-LD is a reference to the city's longtime NBC affiliate WPXI (channel 11), whose callsign was WIIC-TV from 1957 to 1981. Digital channels The station's digital signal is multiplexed: See also WBYD-CD WSSS-LP References External links Bounce TV affiliates WIIC-LD Television channels and stations established in 1999 1999 establishments in Pennsylvania IIC-LD
Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj College of Engineering (SSGMCE) is an engineering college at Shegaon in Buldhana District of Maharashtra, India. It is affiliated to Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University. SSGMCE was established on 23 August 1983 by Shri Gajanan Shikshan Sanstha, Shegaon. It is run by Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj Temple Trust. The college grants Bachelor's & Master's degrees in engineering (BE & ME) in mechanical, electronics & telecommunication, computer science and engineering, and information technology. It also offers programs of Masters in Business Administration (MBA). It had a total enrollment of around 1,600 students in the academic year of 2017–2018. Associations The institution is associated with the following associations: IEEE–Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers, New York City E-Cell–Entrepreneurship Cell Students' Chapter American Society of Mechanical Engineers, New York Association for Computing Machinery, New York Computer Society of India, Mumbai Society of Automative Engineers Institute of Engineers Indian Society for Technical Education Maharashtra Energy Development Agency Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers Calcutta Mathematical Society Indian Academy of Sciences, Bangalore AIMS-Associations of Indian Management Schools National Geographic Society Bombay Natural History Society, Mumbai ISBA Notable alumni Shivdeep Lande is an IPS Officer of 2006 batch. Mohit Sharma (soldier) was an Indian Army Officer who was posthumously awarded the Ashoka Chakra, India's highest peace-time military decoration. References External links Engineering colleges in Maharashtra All India Council for Technical Education Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University Education in Buldhana district Educational institutions established in 1983 1983 establishments in Maharashtra
The Indian locomotive class WDP-4 (EMD GT46PAC) is a passenger-hauling diesel-electric locomotive with AC electric transmission designed by General Motors Electro-Motive Division and built by both GM-EMD and under license by Banaras Locomotive Works (BLW) of Varanasi, India for Indian Railways as the classes WDP4, WDP4B and WDP4D. The GT46PAC is a passenger version of the previous Indian Railways EMD GT46MAC freight locomotive. The locomotive has a 16-cylinder 710G3B diesel engine and is one of the fastest diesel-electric locomotives in service in Indian Railways. Variants WDP-4 The WDP-4 was the loco originally designed by GM EMD and 10 of them were dispatched to India by June 2001. Later on Banaras Locomotive Works, Varanasi started building them initially using knocked-down kits and later indigenously. Starting 2003, the locomotives were produced in large numbers by BLW. The locomotive features self diagnostics control using EM2000 onboard microprocessor which was a new technology for Indian Railways back then. Unlike the Co-Co wheel arrangement featured on most locomotives, including its freight hauling variant, WDG-4, this loco has a Bo1-1Bo wheel arrangement meaning that it has two powered and one unpowered axle per bogie. This was done to reduce the weight of the loco to make it suitable for passenger operations and also to reduce maintenance. Visibility Issue The use of the locomotive with the long hood forward configuration has been criticised with respect to the driver's visibility as it is affected due to the protruding radiator section at the hood-end. This criticism has been rejected by the Railways. However, in response, the cab profile of some WDP-4s were widened with a Piggy-face profile, to increase the field of view from the control cab and the WDP-4B variant was also produced with the same widened cab profile. WDP-4B This was the first attempt of the Railways to improve upon the successful WDP-4 locomotive. The Bo1-1Bo was found inadequate for hauling 24 coach passenger trains due to the reduced tractive effort. As a result, DLW, reconfigured the chassis to be Co-Co instead. This led to better adhesion with the rails to provide better acceleration with heavy trains. Moreover, the original EMD 710 engine was tweaked to produce an output of 4,500 HP instead of the original 4,000 HP. this Up-rated engine was designated as EMD 16N-710G3B-EC, with an RPM of 910 at Notch-8. This locomotive came to be known as the "GT46PACe". One more important change added to this loco was the inclusion of Blended Brake System. This was added to maximise the use of Dynamic brakes by the loco-pilot and therefore minimise the wear and tear on the fixed brake rigging of the coaches and the locomotive. The addition of blended brake is responsible for the subclass to be designated with a 'B'. Some more features are the widened piggy-face cab profile to aid visibility, change in the Traction Motor blower by installing a higher power motor and increase in the axle load to . The locomotive also has a self-load test feature that allows it to test the net output of the engine. In Siemens and EMD systems, the loco has been provided with 2 traction inverters (TCC-1 and TCC-2, for the respective bogies) while in the Medha system, it has 6 traction inverters, one for each traction motor. WDP-4D The final alterations to the GT46PAC came in the form of the WDP-4D. The locomotive is the most distinctively identifiable of the three thanks to the addition of a second cab at the long hood end of the locomotive. Due to the heat generated from the radiator at the second cab end of the locomotive, DLW had to install air conditioning to protect both the electrical components and the loco-pilot from the high temperatures. The existing features from WDP-4B have been carried forward to this class and it exclusively features the widened cab profile. Since it is a Dual Cab now, it is called as "JT46PACe". The loco features a completely different desk control stand, provided by Medha with digital display screens allowing for remote fault diagnostics. Many locos also have GSM-R based transmission antennae to transmit critical loco info for use by maintenance and signalling staff. It features electro-pneumatic microprocessor based control adapted from the WDP-4B and brake system equipment of KNORR/NYAB CCB type. This loco again with Dual-Cab, but with More Power and Better Fuel Consumption and State-of-the-Art features compared to ALCo DL560C, along with an Air Conditioned Hood Cab, became a very efficient replacement of WDP-3A alias "Toaster". Builders The first set of 10 locos starting from road number 20000 to 20009 were manufactured by the Electro Motive Diesel (EMD) of (General Motors) while road numbers 20011 upwards have been manufactured by Banaras Locomotive Works (DLW) of Varanasi in collaboration with GM (General motors). Siemens and Medha are part of this group providing a large number of components of the electronics on board this loco such as the control stand and traction inverters. Additional components are acquired through tenders and a bidding process. Locomotive sheds WDAP-5 Dual Mode Locomotive Indian Railway was planning for a dual mode locomotive from 2015. In 2019 Banaras Locomotive Works Varanasi, RDSO and CLW together have got the successes of producing a new class of dual mode locomotive named WDAP-5 which can run on both diesel and electric. The design of the locomotive is based on WDP-4D and the bogies were taken from WDG-5. It has been designed for a speed capable of 135kmph. It will produce 4500Hp in diesel mode and 5500Hp in electric mode. The fuel tank capacity is 3000 liters which is half of the WDP-4's due to weight saving. Only 1 unit has been produced until now and it is in trial with RDSO. See also Indian locomotive class WDG-4 List of diesel locomotives of India Indian Railways Rail transport in India References External links EMD specification Autocar India has a detailed profile of the WDG-4 locomotive. Diesel loco specification at IRFCA website Detailed Specifications for the WDP4D Detailed Specifications for the WDP4B Traction Motor Specifications and Model Numbers A1A-A1A locomotives GT46PAC P-4 5 ft 6 in gauge locomotives G46TPAC C-C locomotives Co-Co locomotives
Oliver Holden (September 18, 1765 – September 4, 1844) was an American composer and compiler of hymns. Biography He was born in Shirley, Massachusetts. During the American Revolutionary War, he was a marine for a year (1782–1783) on the USS Deane, which returned to Boston with at least one British prize while he was in the crew. For his service, he received an annual pension. A carpenter by trade, in 1786 he moved to Charlestown, Massachusetts, to help rebuild it after the war. A carpenter and real estate dealer in his professional life, he also organized many music schools, and served as legislator and pastor. He was a Baptist. In 1791 he joined the First Baptist Church in Boston and became leader of the choir. In 1801, he and some others started the First Baptist Church in Charlestown. He was in a group that left that church in 1809, due to what they perceived as lax discipline, and started a Second Baptist Church in Charlestown. He entered King Solomon's Lodge as a freemason in 1795, and was an active member for ten years. He was in the Massachusetts House of Representatives on behalf of his town in 1818, 1825, 1826, and 1828 to 1833. His mansion, which he built around 1800, later became the Oliver Holden School, a kindergarten of Boston. He is buried at the Phipps Street Burying Ground in Charlestown, Massachusetts. Books While working as a carpenter, Holden published The American Harmony (1793), a book of sacred music, mostly original, arranged in three and four parts. Soon afterward followed Union Harmony, or a Universal Collection of Sacred Music (1793 & 1801) and The Massachusetts Compiler (1795). He wrote the last-named work with Hans Gram and Samuel Holyoke. He edited The Worcester Collection of Sacred Harmony (1797), a sixth edition, altered, revised, and corrected, with an appendix containing new psalm-tunes; it was printed upon movable types that had been procured from England in 1786, by Isaiah Thomas, of Worcester, and is the oldest music book that was thus printed. When George Washington visited Boston in 1789, Holden wrote the lyrics and score of an ode, and trained the choir which sang the music that greeted Washington at the Old State House. This chorus was performed again by the Stoughton Musical Society in their concerts at the Chicago World's Exposition in 1893 His popular tune "Coronation", to Edward Perronet's hymn "All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name", is said to be the earliest American hymn tune still in general use. Also of note is his hymn "Confidence". See also Yankee tunesmiths References External links New England Composers All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name! Hymn American Christian hymnwriters Politicians from Boston 1765 births 1844 deaths American male composers American composers Cultural history of Boston Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives 19th-century American writers Musicians from Boston Songwriters from Massachusetts People from Shirley, Massachusetts American male songwriters
Alan Shawn Feinstein (born 1931) is an American Philanthropist and former mail-order and Internet promoter. Biography Early years Feinstein was born in Milton, Massachusetts, in 1931. He grew up in Dorchester, Massachusetts. He graduated from Boston University, where he studied economics and journalism. After graduating, he wrote advertisements for a shoe company but was unsatisfied with the experience. He attended Boston Teachers' College at night and taught elementary and junior high school in Massachusetts and Rhode Island. He married Dr. Pratarnporn Chiemwichit, a child psychiatrist, in 1963 and moved to Rhode Island. As part of an extended trip to Thailand in 1965, Feinstein had a private audience with King Bhumibol Adulyadej. The couple returned in 1966 and settled in Cranston, Rhode Island, where they still live today. He and his wife have three children: Leila Feinstein, a television news anchor at KTLA; Ari, a salesman and entrepreneur who died in 2021; and Richard, a writer who died in 2008. Business His booklet, Making Your Money Grow, was advertised in various publications and sold several hundred thousand copies. He built his newsletter and collectibles business by buying mailing lists from brokers. He established two newsletters, International Insider's Report and The Wealth Maker, which attracted circulation of 400,000. Feinstein offered collectibles, including coins and president autographs, as well as such items as a gold-leaf-lined set of cards honoring Babe Ruth's 100th birthday issued by Guyana in collaboration with Feinstein. Feinstein also started a newspaper column that was widely syndicated. He wrote several self-published booklets: "How to Make Money," "How to Make Money Fast," etc. He also wrote a novel and several children's books, which were published by A.S. Barnes/Yoseloff Publishing Company. In 1984, Prentice Hall published The Four Treasures of Alan Shawn Feinstein, a book written by a New York author, Milton Pierce. Much of Feinstein's wealth came from selling philatelic 'collectibles' through newsletters independent of the stamp collector community under a business model in which purchasers had a one-year money-back guarantee, including a "Face on Mars" stamp set issued by Sierra Leone promoted with a claim that the value of the stamps would soar once alien life was discovered on Mars, a claim that has garnered him criticism. Feinstein's stamps have been valued at lower prices than his newsletters predicted. Philanthropy and Controversy Feinstein founded the Feinstein Foundation in 1991. By 2008, over 125,000 children have been in his school program and are recognized as Feinstein Junior Scholars for promising to do good deeds for others. He was heavily involved in founding the first public high school with community service as its central focus, the Feinstein High School in Providence, named in his honor. Feinstein requires that institutions that he aids be renamed in either his honor or in the names of his family members, a practice that has sometimes resulted in controversy due to the source of his funds and also because of his purchases of time on local television stations advertising his donations. The focus of Feinstein's community service efforts has been in helping raise funds to fight hunger, which has included the annual "Feinstein Challenge", initiated in 1996, which encourages local organizations to raise funds with a portion of the amounts raised by the organizations matched by the foundation, with $1 million distributed annually. The Feinstein Challenges have raised over $1 billion for them to date. The Feinstein Foundation and Feinstein Family Fund had about $43 million in assets in 2005. Currently, Feinstein offers a payback program to Rhode Island students who join in supporting his campaign to fight hunger. Alan Shawn Feinstein's 2012 15th annual spring $1 million giveaway to fight hunger raised $230,664,188 nationwide. 1863 anti-hunger agencies and houses of worship throughout the country participated. The Feinstein $1 million is being divided proportionally among them. Feinstein started his yearly $1 million spring giveaway in 1997. Since its inception, his annual campaign every March and April has raised over $2.5 billion. Brandeis lawsuit In the early 1990s, Feinstein collaborated with Brown University to found the Feinstein World Hunger Program, a university research and teaching center dedicated to studying the causes of and possible solutions to hunger, which later moved to Tufts University. In 2000, he entered into an agreement with a Tufts professor, J. Larry Brown, to give $3 million to start another similar center at Brandeis University. A dispute between them developed, and Feinstein sued Brown. In his lawsuit, Feinstein also accused Brown of defamation, a claim that was later dismissed. Westerly controversy Initially offering $1 million to Westerly Middle School in Westerly, RI, Feinstein withdrew because of a controversy in the community over his requirement that the school be renamed for him. Feinstein said, "If it’s going to cause any friction whatsoever, I would rather withdraw the offer." Baseball contracts In 1993, Feinstein spent $99,000 to purchase the contract under which the Boston Red Sox traded Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees, thus initiating the "Curse of the Bambino". In 2004, when the Red Sox won their first world series in over 80 years, Feinstein auctioned off this contract at Sotheby's for $996,000, giving the proceeds to anti-hunger agencies around the country. He recently purchased the contract that sent Ted Williams to the Red Sox in 1937. He plans to give the proceeds when he resells it to agencies fighting hunger. Feinstein is the honorary chairman of the World Scholar Athlete Games. He gave $1 million to construct their Hall of Fame building. Awards He has received many awards for his philanthropy, including the Distinguished Services Award from the American History Society, the Longfellow Humanitarian Award from the American Red Cross, and was named Rhode Island Citizen of the Year by the March of Dimes. He was awarded the President's Medal at both Rhode Island College and Brown. He has been named to the Rhode Island Hall of Fame. He has been awarded honorary doctorates by Providence College, Salve Regina University, Johnson & Wales University, Roger Williams University, Rhode Island College, the University of Rhode Island, and the New England Institute of Technology. Several schools are named in his honor. The most recent, Alan Shawn Feinstein Middle School of Coventry (Formerly Knotty Oak), is named after him after he donated 1 million dollars to the school, making community service a requisite there. IMAX lawsuit Feinstein had signed an agreement with IMAX in 2003 to name the firm's IMAX theater at the Providence Place Mall after his foundation. In exchange for a total of $1.4 million paid over five years, the theater would offer 50,000 free tickets to students participating in Feinstein's community service programs, offer discounted admission to students who have performed good deeds, and donate a portion of these ticket sales to the Rhode Island Hunger Fund. The agreement was extended in 2005 with the stipulation that the naming rights would become permanent if all conditions were met. After the theater was purchased by National Amusements in January 2008, The Feinstein name was removed, and the community programs were suspended. Feinstein filed a lawsuit against IMAX and National Amusements, but National Amusements asserts that its deal to purchase the theater included the furniture and equipment but no other obligations. IMAX settled with Feinstein out of court for an undisclosed amount. Books by Alan Feinstein Triumph! (1960) Folk Tales from Siam (1969) Folk Tales from Persia (1971) Folk Tales from Portugal (1972) How to Make Money Fast (1975) References External links Feinstein Foundation 1931 births Living people American philanthropists Boston University alumni People from Milton, Massachusetts People from Dorchester, Massachusetts
KJEF-CA, VHF analog channel 13, was a low-power, Class A independent station television station licensed to Jennings, Louisiana, United States. The station was the only television station owned by Townsquare Media, a company that otherwise specializes exclusively in radio. History The station's original construction permit was originally granted on August 24, 1987, as K13VD; this was changed to K13VG a month later. The station was originally owned by Jennings Broadcasting Company along with KJEF radio (1290 AM, now KJEF; and 92.9 FM, now KHLA), but was sold to Cajun Country Broadcasting in 1994. K13VG was again sold, this time to Apex Broadcasting, in 2000; soon afterward, it obtained class A status and, in 2001, changed its call letters to KJEF-CA to match its radio sisters. From March 15 until August 24, 2004, KJEF-CA suspended its normal programming and became, in effect, a temporary translator of KPLC, the NBC affiliate in Lake Charles; that station's tower had collapsed on March 4, and KJEF helped augment the lower-power auxiliary transmitter KPLC was broadcasting from upon resuming broadcasts on March 6. Gap Broadcasting purchased Apex Broadcasting's Lafayette stations in 2007. What eventually became Gap Central Broadcasting (following the formation of GapWest Broadcasting) was folded into Townsquare Media on August 13, 2010. The station went dark at 5 p.m. Friday, April 19, 2013. On April 22, 2013, Townsquare surrendered the station's license to the Federal Communications Commission, who subsequently cancelled it. References External links Television channels and stations established in 1989 Defunct television stations in the United States Television channels and stations disestablished in 2013 1989 establishments in Louisiana 2013 disestablishments in Louisiana Defunct mass media in Louisiana
Cultural selection theory is the study of cultural change modelled on theories of evolutionary biology. Cultural selection theory has so far never been a separate discipline. However it has been proposed that human culture exhibits key Darwinian evolutionary properties, and "the structure of a science of cultural evolution should share fundamental features with the structure of the science of biological evolution". In addition to Darwin's work the term historically covers a diverse range of theories from both the sciences and the humanities including those of Lamark, politics and economics e.g. Bagehot, anthropology e.g. Edward B. Tylor, literature e.g. Ferdinand Brunetière, evolutionary ethics e.g. Leslie Stephen, sociology e.g. Albert Keller, anthropology e.g. Bronislaw Malinowski, Biosciences e.g. Alex Mesoudi, geography e.g. Richard Ormrod, sociobiology and biodiversity e.g. E.O. Wilson, computer programming e.g. Richard Brodie, and other fields e.g. Neoevolutionism, and Evolutionary archaeology. Outline Crozier suggests that Cultural Selection emerges from three bases: Social contagion theory, Evolutionary epistemology, and Memetics. This theory is an extension of memetics. In memetics, memes, much like biology's genes, are informational units passed through generations of culture. However, unlike memetics, cultural selection theory moves past these isolated "memes" to encompass selection processes, including continuous and quantitative parameters. Two other approaches to cultural selection theory are social contagion and evolutionary epistemology. Social contagion theory’s epidemiological approach construes social entities as analogous to parasites that are transmitted virally through a population of biological organisms. Evolutionary epistemology's focus lies in causally connecting evolutionary biology and rationality by generating explanations for why traits for rational behaviour or thought patterns would have been selected for in a species’ evolutionary history. Memetics models cultural change after population genetics, taking cultural units to be analogous to genes. A good example of this theory is found by looking to the reason large businesses tend to grow larger. The answer includes the benefits of mass production and distribution, international advertising, and more funds for product development. These self-amplifying effects, known as the economies of scale, give rise to selection effects which have a quantitative nature, unlike the qualitative effects described by the theory of memetics. On the whole, cultural selection theory embraces the inherent complexity of cultural change and vouches for a systemic, rather than deconstructionist, approach to analyzing the way a society's norms and values change. Criticism The cultural selection theory faces many objections due to the lack of evidence to support the adaptation of natural selection in the structural mechanisms of cultural systems. Major objections against the cultural selection theory stem from Lamarckianism, genotype-phenotype distinction, common hereditary architecture, biological analogue for cultural units, and environmental interactions. The Biological Analogue for Cultural Units breaks down into 3 subunits. The first is regarding strict analogues. This means that a biological unit (traits etc.) should be related to a cultural unit. This is a way for the old biological model and the modern cultural model to correlate and solidify the point. The second is regarding trait analogues. This means that some analogues are viewed the wrong way. Sometimes, one analogue is mistaken for another and often, the line between the two analogues is unclear and the distinction isn't as evident. The third is regarding virus analogue. This clarifies the point that the ability of the virus is different from the organism and the ability of both the virus and organisms should be looked at independently. Some have argued that in order for the cultural selection theory to stand strong against objections, conclusive and explicit case studies are required. There needs to be empirical support to clarify the interaction between cultural systems and their environments. Crozier conducted a study on the acoustic adaptation of bird songs. This research study provided empirical evidence to support and strengthen the cultural selection theory. Like Darwin's natural selection theory, cultural selection theory has three phases too; variation, reproduction and selection. Variation gives rise to a subject, reproduction is responsible for the spread and selection is based on the factors that control the spread. See also References Sociological theories Darwinism
AlgaeBase is a global species database of information on all groups of algae, both marine and freshwater, as well as sea-grass. History AlgaeBase began in March 1996, founded by Michael Guiry. By 2005, the database contained about 65,000 names. In 2013, AlgaeBase and the Flanders Marine Institute (VLIZ) signed an end-user license agreement regarding the Electronic Intellectual Property of AlgaeBase. This allows the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS) to include taxonomic names of algae in WoRMS, thereby allowing WoRMS, as part of the Aphia database, to make its overview of all described marine species more complete. Synchronisation of the AlgaeBase data with Aphia and WoRMS was undertaken manually until March 2015, but this was very time-consuming, so an online application was developed to semi-automate the synchronisation, launching in 2015 in conjunction with Michael Guiry and the chief programmer of AlgaeBase, Pier Kuipers. After a long phase of further development and testing, the AlgaeBase harvester tool was implemented by the WoRMS data management team in early 2019. Since then, newly-added species in AlgaeBase are added to Aphia and, if marine, to WoRMS as well. Description The database is hosted at the National University of Ireland's Ryan Institute, in Galway. It includes about all types of algae, as well as one group of flowering plants, the sea-grasses. Information about each species' taxonomy, nomenclature and distribution is included, and the algae covered include terrestrial as well as marine and freshwater species, such as seaweeds, phytoplankton, and freshwater algae. marine species have the best coverage, and sea-grass is included, although it is a flowering plant rather than an alga. As of 2014 there were nearly 17,000 images, and the database was being used by 2,000–3,000 individual visitors each day. As of 2023, there were about 170,000 species and infraspecies in AlgaeBase. Support and funding The compilation of the data was funded by the Irish Government Department of Education and Science's Programme for Research in Third-level Institutions (PRTLI) 2, 3 and 4 programmes, to the Ryan Institute and the Environmental Change Institute, as well as by Atlantic Philanthropies, and the European Union. The synchronisation between AlgaeBase and Aphia was possible through support of the LifeWatch Species Information Backbone. LifeWatch, the E-Science European Infrastructure for Biodiversity and Ecosystem Research, is a distributed virtual laboratory, which is used for different aspects of biodiversity research. the main sponsors of the database are the Phycological Society of America, the British Phycological Society, the International Phycological Society, and the Korean Phycological Society. Programming is carried out by Pier Kuipers and Caoilte Guiry, and Michael Guiry. Jonathan Guthrie was responsible for programming much of earlier versions. References Further reading External links Algae Biodiversity databases Databases in Ireland Online taxonomy databases
RefWorks is a web-based commercial reference management software package. It is produced by Ex Libris, a ProQuest company. RefWorks LLC was founded in 2001 as a partnership between Earl B. Beutler (development and customer service) and Cambridge Scientific Abstracts (sales and marketing) from 2002 until being acquired by ProQuest in 2008. Functionality and features Users' reference databases are stored online, allowing them to be accessed and updated from any computer with an internet connection. Institutional licenses allow universities to subscribe to RefWorks on behalf of all their students, faculty and staff. Individual licenses are also available. The software enables linking from a user's RefWorks account to electronic editions of journals to which the institution's library subscribes. This linking is accomplished by incorporating an institution's OpenURL resolver. Many bibliographic database providers have implemented the ability to export references directly to RefWorks. In some cases (e.g. PubMed) reference citations must be saved to the user's computer as text files and then imported into RefWorks. In 2005 the bibliographic database Scopus formed a partnership with RefWorks to allow enhanced integration between the two products. A word processor integration utility called Write-N-Cite enables users to insert reference codes from their RefWorks accounts into Microsoft Word documents, which can then be formatted to produce in-text citations and reference lists in various styles. A new version of Write-N-Cite (WNC4) for Mac was released in early 2012. In 2005 RefWorks introduced a module called RefShare, which allows users to make public all or part of their RefWorks databases. This is done by creating a URL for a read-only version of the database or folder, which can be emailed or posted to a website. RefShare folders can also be used to create RSS feeds that are updated when new citations are added to the database. RefMobile, a mobile phone interface, was introduced in 2009. RefWorks includes RefGrab-It, a utility designed to capture bibliographic information from websites. , it was optimized to work with Amazon, Google Scholar, PubMed, Wikipedia, the BBC, USA TODAY, The New York Times, and the Los Angeles Times. The utility works with Firefox and Internet Explorer browsers only. RefWorks-COS launched the current user interface, RefWorks 2.0, in 2010. In 2016, ProQuest launched New RefWorks, featuring new functionality such as the ability to drag and drop PDFs, and a Save to RefWorks utility as a replacement for RefGrab-It. RefWorks 2.0 was rebranded as Legacy RefWorks and users were given the option of upgrading from Legacy to New RefWorks. Canadian university access In 2004 the Ontario Council of University Libraries (OCUL) consortium licensed RefWorks on behalf of its 20 member institutions. The RefWorks software was mounted on data servers belonging to Scholars Portal, which provides the platform for the digital resources licensed by OCUL. In addition to the software, data in RefWorks users accounts belonging to member institutions are housed on the Scholars Portal servers at the University of Toronto. A number of other Canadian academic libraries that license RefWorks have since contracted for access through Scholars Portal, so that their data also resides on the servers in Toronto. According to news reports, this was due to concerns that information about individuals' research interests, represented by data stored on RefWorks servers in the United States, could be vulnerable to scrutiny under the terms of the USA Patriot Act. As of mid 2015 OCUL will no longer host RefWorks on its servers in Canada. Some academic libraries chose to migrate their data to the RefWorks servers located outside of Canada, while others ceased their subscription to RefWorks. See also Comparison of reference management software Office Open XML software OpenDocument software References External links Ex Libris RefWorks - Reference Management (Website) Ex Libris RefWorks - Login page ProQuest Reference management software
Generics are a facility of generic programming that were added to the Java programming language in 2004 within version J2SE 5.0. They were designed to extend Java's type system to allow "a type or method to operate on objects of various types while providing compile-time type safety". The aspect compile-time type safety was not fully achieved, since it was shown in 2016 that it is not guaranteed in all cases. The Java collections framework supports generics to specify the type of objects stored in a collection instance. In 1998, Gilad Bracha, Martin Odersky, David Stoutamire and Philip Wadler created Generic Java, an extension to the Java language to support generic types. Generic Java was incorporated in Java with the addition of wildcards. Hierarchy and classification According to Java Language Specification: A type variable is an unqualified identifier. Type variables are introduced by generic class declarations, generic interface declarations, generic method declarations, and by generic constructor declarations. A class is generic if it declares one or more type variables. It defines one or more type variables that act as parameters. A generic class declaration defines a set of parameterized types, one for each possible invocation of the type parameter section. All of these parameterized types share the same class at runtime. An interface is generic if it declares one or more type variables. It defines one or more type variables that act as parameters. A generic interface declaration defines a set of types, one for each possible invocation of the type parameter section. All parameterized types share the same interface at runtime. A method is generic if it declares one or more type variables. These type variables are known as the formal type parameters of the method. The form of the formal type parameter list is identical to a type parameter list of a class or interface. A constructor can be declared as generic, independently of whether the class that the constructor is declared in is itself generic. A constructor is generic if it declares one or more type variables. These type variables are known as the formal type parameters of the constructor. The form of the formal type parameter list is identical to a type parameter list of a generic class or interface. Motivation The following block of Java code illustrates a problem that exists when not using generics. First, it declares an of type . Then, it adds a String to the ArrayList. Finally, it attempts to retrieve the added String and cast it to an Integer—an error in logic, as it is not generally possible to cast an arbitrary string to an integer. final List v = new ArrayList(); v.add("test"); // A String that cannot be cast to an Integer final Integer i = (Integer) v.get(0); // Run time error Although the code is compiled without error, it throws a runtime exception (java.lang.ClassCastException) when executing the third line of code. This type of logic error can be detected during compile time by using generics and is the primary motivation for using them. It defines one or more type variables that act as parameters. The above code fragment can be rewritten using generics as follows: final List<String> v = new ArrayList<String>(); v.add("test"); final Integer i = (Integer) v.get(0); // (type error) compilation-time error The type parameter String within the angle brackets declares the ArrayList to be constituted of String (a descendant of the ArrayList's generic Object constituents). With generics, it is no longer necessary to cast the third line to any particular type, because the result of v.get(0) is defined as String by the code generated by the compiler. The logical flaw in the third line of this fragment will be detected as a compile-time error (with J2SE 5.0 or later) because the compiler will detect that v.get(0) returns String instead of Integer. For a more elaborate example, see reference. Here is a small excerpt from the definition of the interfaces and in package : interface List<E> { void add(E x); Iterator<E> iterator(); } interface Iterator<E> { E next(); boolean hasNext(); } Generic class definitions Here is an example of a generic Java class, which can be used to represent individual entries (key to value mappings) in a map: public class Entry<KeyType, ValueType> { private final KeyType key; private final ValueType value; public Entry(KeyType key, ValueType value) { this.key = key; this.value = value; } public KeyType getKey() { return key; } public ValueType getValue() { return value; } public String toString() { return "(" + key + ", " + value + ")"; } } This generic class could be used in the following ways, for example: final Entry<String, String> grade = new Entry<String, String>("Mike", "A"); final Entry<String, Integer> mark = new Entry<String, Integer>("Mike", 100); System.out.println("grade: " + grade); System.out.println("mark: " + mark); final Entry<Integer, Boolean> prime = new Entry<Integer, Boolean>(13, true); if (prime.getValue()) { System.out.println(prime.getKey() + " is prime."); } else { System.out.println(prime.getKey() + " is not prime."); } It outputs: grade: (Mike, A) mark: (Mike, 100) 13 is prime. Generic method definitions Here is an example of a generic method using the generic class above: public static <Type> Entry<Type, Type> twice(Type value) { return new Entry<Type, Type>(value, value); } Note: If we remove the first <Type> in the above method, we will get compilation error (cannot find symbol "Type"), since it represents the declaration of the symbol. In many cases, the user of the method need not indicate the type parameters, as they can be inferred: final Entry<String, String> pair = Entry.twice("Hello"); The parameters can be explicitly added if needed: final Entry<String, String> pair = Entry.<String>twice("Hello"); The use of primitive types is not allowed, and boxed versions must be used instead: final Entry<int, int> pair; // Fails compilation. Use Integer instead. There is also the possibility to create generic methods based on given parameters. public <Type> Type[] toArray(Type... elements) { return elements; } In such cases you can't use primitive types either, e.g.: Integer[] array = toArray(1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6); Diamond operator Thanks to type inference, Java SE 7 and above allow the programmer to substitute an empty pair of angle brackets (<>, called the diamond operator) for a pair of angle brackets containing the one or more type parameters that a sufficiently-close context implies. Thus, the above code example using Entry can be rewritten as: final Entry<String, String> grade = new Entry<>("Mike", "A"); final Entry<String, Integer> mark = new Entry<>("Mike", 100); System.out.println("grade: " + grade); System.out.println("mark: " + mark); final Entry<Integer, Boolean> prime = new Entry<>(13, true); if (prime.getValue()) System.out.println(prime.getKey() + " is prime."); else System.out.println(prime.getKey() + " is not prime."); Type wildcards A type argument for a parameterized type is not limited to a concrete class or interface. Java allows the use of "type wildcards" to serve as type arguments for parameterized types. Wildcards are type arguments in the form "<?>"; optionally with an upper or lower bound. Given that the exact type represented by a wildcard is unknown, restrictions are placed on the type of methods that may be called on an object that uses parameterized types. Here is an example where the element type of a Collection<E> is parameterized by a wildcard: final Collection<?> c = new ArrayList<String>(); c.add(new Object()); // compile-time error c.add(null); // allowed Since we don’t know what the element type of c stands for, we cannot add objects to it. The add() method takes arguments of type E, the element type of the Collection<E> generic interface. When the actual type argument is ?, it stands for some unknown type. Any method argument value we pass to the add() method would have to be a subtype of this unknown type. Since we don't know what type that is, we cannot pass anything in. The sole exception is null; which is a member of every type. To specify the upper bound of a type wildcard, the keyword is used to indicate that the type argument is a subtype of the bounding class. So means that the given list contains objects of some unknown type which extends the Number class. For example, the list could be List<Float> or List<Number>. Reading an element from the list will return a Number. Adding null elements is, again, also allowed. The use of wildcards above adds flexibility since there is not any inheritance relationship between any two parameterized types with concrete type as type argument. Neither List<Number> nor List<Integer> is a subtype of the other; even though Integer is a subtype of Number. So, any method that takes List<Number> as a parameter does not accept an argument of List<Integer>. If it did, it would be possible to insert a Number that is not an Integer into it; which violates type safety. Here is an example that demonstrates how type safety would be violated if List<Integer> were a subtype of List<Number>: final List<Integer> ints = new ArrayList<>(); ints.add(2); final List<Number> nums = ints; // valid if List<Integer> were a subtype of List<Number> according to substitution rule. nums.add(3.14); final Integer x = ints.get(1); // now 3.14 is assigned to an Integer variable! The solution with wildcards works because it disallows operations that would violate type safety: final List<? extends Number> nums = ints; // OK nums.add(3.14); // compile-time error nums.add(null); // allowed To specify the lower bounding class of a type wildcard, the super keyword is used. This keyword indicates that the type argument is a supertype of the bounding class. So, could represent List<Number> or List<Object>. Reading from a list defined as returns elements of type Object. Adding to such a list requires either elements of type Number, any subtype of Number or null (which is a member of every type). The mnemonic PECS (Producer Extends, Consumer Super) from the book Effective Java by Joshua Bloch gives an easy way to remember when to use wildcards (corresponding to covariance and contravariance) in Java. Generics in throws clause Although exceptions themselves cannot be generic, generic parameters can appear in a throws clause: public <T extends Throwable> void throwMeConditional(boolean conditional, T exception) throws T { if (conditional) { throw exception; } } Problems with type erasure Generics are checked at compile-time for type-correctness. The generic type information is then removed in a process called type erasure. For example, List<Integer> will be converted to the non-generic type List, which ordinarily contains arbitrary objects. The compile-time check guarantees that the resulting code uses the correct type. Because of type erasure, type parameters cannot be determined at run-time. For example, when an ArrayList is examined at runtime, there is no general way to determine whether, before type erasure, it was an ArrayList<Integer> or an ArrayList<Float>. Many people are dissatisfied with this restriction. There are partial approaches. For example, individual elements may be examined to determine the type they belong to; for example, if an ArrayList contains an Integer, that ArrayList may have been parameterized with Integer (however, it may have been parameterized with any parent of Integer, such as Number or Object). Demonstrating this point, the following code outputs "Equal": final List<Integer> li = new ArrayList<>(); final List<Float> lf = new ArrayList<>(); if (li.getClass() == lf.getClass()) { // evaluates to true System.out.println("Equal"); } Another effect of type erasure is that a generic class cannot extend the Throwable class in any way, directly or indirectly: public class GenericException<T> extends Exception The reason why this is not supported is due to type erasure: try { throw new GenericException<Integer>(); } catch (GenericException<Integer> e) { System.err.println("Integer"); } catch (GenericException<String> e) { System.err.println("String"); } Due to type erasure, the runtime will not know which catch block to execute, so this is prohibited by the compiler. Java generics differ from C++ templates. Java generics generate only one compiled version of a generic class or function regardless of the number of parameterizing types used. Furthermore, the Java run-time environment does not need to know which parameterized type is used because the type information is validated at compile-time and is not included in the compiled code. Consequently, instantiating a Java class of a parameterized type is impossible because instantiation requires a call to a constructor, which is unavailable if the type is unknown. For example, the following code cannot be compiled: <T> T instantiateElementType(List<T> arg) { return new T(); //causes a compile error } Because there is only one copy per generic class at runtime, static variables are shared among all the instances of the class, regardless of their type parameter. Consequently, the type parameter cannot be used in the declaration of static variables or in static methods. Type erasure was implemented in Java to maintain backward compatibility with programs written prior to Java SE5. Differences from Arrays There are several importance differences between arrays (both primitive arrays and arrays), and generics in Java. Two of the major differences, namely, differences in terms of variance and reification. Covariance, contravariance and invariance Generics are invariant, whereas arrays are covariant. This is a benefit of using generic when compared to non-generic objects such as arrays. Specifically, generics can help prevent run time exceptions by throwing a compile-time exception to force the developer to fix the code. For example, if a developer declares an object and instantiates the object as a new object, no compile-time exception is thrown (since arrays are covariant). This may give the false impression that the code is correctly written. However, if the developer attempts to add a to this object, the program will throw an . This run-time exception can be completely avoided if the developer uses generics. If the developer declares a object an creates a new instance of this object with return type , the Java compiler will (correctly) throw a compile-time exception to indicate the presence of incompatible types (since generics are invariant).. Hence, this avoids potential run-time exceptions. This problem can be fixed by creating an instance of using object instead. For code using Java SE7 or later versions, the can be instantiated with an object using the diamond operator Reification Arrays are reified, meaning that an array object enforces its type information at run-time, whereas generics in Java are not reified. More formally speaking, objects with generic type in Java are non-reifiable types. A non-reifiable type is type whose representation at run-time has less information than its representation at compile-time. Objects with generic type in Java are non-reifiable due to type erasure. Java only enforces type information at compile-time. After the type information is verified at compile-time, the type information is discarded, and at run-time, the type information will not be available. Examples of non-reifiable types include and , where is a generic formal parameter. Project on generics Project Valhalla is an experimental project to incubate improved Java generics and language features, for future versions potentially from Java 10 onwards. Potential enhancements include: generic specialization, e.g. List<int> reified generics; making actual types available at runtime. See also Generic programming Template metaprogramming Wildcard (Java) Comparison of C# and Java Comparison of Java and C++ Citations References Java (programming language) Polymorphism (computer science)
LV Osprey entered service as a Light Vessel for the Commissioners of Irish Lights in 1955. On 9 May 1975 she was sold to the New Ross Harbour Commissioners for use as a floating oil berth, pilot station and harbour store. In March 1998 she was sold again and moored on the Seine. Le Batofar ignited the "night club on boat" trend in Paris. This lighthouse boat (in French bateau-phare) offers an original setting on the bank of the Seine in the 13th arrondissement. It is known for its progressive musical programming which champions cutting edge electro bands live, and its renowned DJ-driven afterhours dance parties. During the day, Batofar is also a community gathering that serves as a restaurant, café and a summertime "beach" hang-out (Paris-Beach). References External links Official Batofar Website Buildings and structures in the 13th arrondissement of Paris Ships of Ireland Lightships Ships built in Dartmouth 1955 ships Music venues in France
FastStone Image Viewer is an image viewer and organizer software for Microsoft Windows, provided free of charge for personal and educational use. The program also includes basic image editing tools, like cropping, color adjustment and red-eye removal. Developed by FastStone, it was first released in 2004 and new stable versions have been released regularly since. It is available as an executable installer, zip, and a portable zip version. Features Thumbnail viewer (using using Lanczos resampling algorithm) Crop Board and Draw Board Resizing, cropping, color correction, red-eye removal, clone brush, curve (tonality), levels, and unsharp mask Side-by-side image comparison Resampling Magnifier lens Batch operations including rename and convert Color space management Slide show, including music and transition effects Memory card image retriever Displays Exif camera metadata Support for BMP, JPEG, JPEG 2000, animated GIF, PNG, PCX, TIFF, WMF, ICO, and TGA - including raw formats like Canon's CR2 or Sony's ARW Issues As of version 4.2, resizing of animations (i.e. animated GIFs) is not supported. Thus they can only be viewed at 100% scale, this includes thumbnails. When the program starts, a delay may occur as the thumbnail view is managed, more so the first time when the thumbnail cache database is built. The portable version (from PortableApps) sometimes has problems saving its settings, ignoring them at random. Quitting and restarting the app (not PortableApps or the underlying OS) usually solves this problem. Reception Upon release, the software site SnapFiles rated it five stars out of five. It also received five stars by the editor of Download.com. A PCWorld magazine review of version 4.0 of FastStone Image Viewer in 2011 noted the software's "lightning-fast" display of pictures. The reviewer felt that one of its greatest advantages was its "wide variety of file formats" the software supports. Rick Broida of CNET wrote in 2015 about version 5.4: "This freeware gem remains an essential download for anyone looking to view, edit and organize their photos." Broida thought that it was a "bit more robust" compared to IrfanView. References See also Comparison of image viewers IrfanView XnView External links Shortcuts v 4.3 (German PDF) FastStone Pacman, the developer's first product Proprietary image organizers Pascal (programming language) software Windows multimedia software Windows-only freeware 2004 software
The Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception is a Catholic Cathedral located in Camden in Camden County, New Jersey. It is the seat of the Diocese of Camden, and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 as the Church of the Immaculate Conception. Built in 1864, it was officially designated as a cathedral in 1937. History Parish The first Catholic priests to visit the area that is now Camden were Jesuit priests from Old St. Joseph's Church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They started to minister to Catholics in southern New Jersey in the 1740s where Catholicism was officially banned from being practiced. Masses and other services were celebrated in private homes. In 1796 the Augustinian priests from St. Augustine Church started ministering to Catholics in the region. They were followed sometime later by priests from the St. Mary's Cathedral in Philadelphia who served Camden until the Diocese of Newark was established in 1853. Camden became a mission of the Catholic parish in Gloucester, which had received its first resident pastor in 1851. Mass was celebrated a couple times a months in Camden in private homes and in public halls. In 1852 the hall that was regularly used for Mass was destroyed in a fire set by Nativists. The first resident priest assigned to Camden was the Rev. James Moran who established the Church of the Immaculate Conception in 1855. Starr's Hall continued to be used for a church. Property was purchased in 1857 at Fifth Street and Taylor Avenue for a new church. Ground was broken for the new structure on June 9, 1859. The first Mass was celebrated on October 9 and dedicated on November 5 of the same year. A rectory was added in 1861. A private Catholic school was started by Sarah Fields in her home in 1859. It moved to the new church building after it was completed and became a parochial school. Initially the students were taught by lay teachers. A new school building was begun in 1871, but construction was halted during the financial panic of 1872-1873. Construction then resumed and the school building and convent were completed in 1874. That year the Sisters of St. Joseph from Chestnut Hill started teaching in the school. The Brothers of the Holy Cross taught the boys from 1881-1892. A house was built for them and was completed in 1882. The Sisters of St. Joseph were replaced by the Sisters of Mercy from Bordentown, New Jersey in 1885. The school has subsequently been closed. As Irish immigration accelerated the church building became too small. Property for the present church was bought in 1864 for $7,500. Jeremiah O'Rourke from Newark was chosen as the architect. The cornerstone was laid by the Rev. Bernard McQuaid, then Vicar General of the Newark Diocese, on October 23, 1864. The church was built of stone and measured 60 by 165 feet. Though unfinished, the first Mass was celebrated in the church in July 1866. The old church was sold on August 20, 1868 and it housed a factory unit it was sold again and became a meeting hall for the Grand Army of the Republic. The church was not completed until 1888 when the tower and spire were completed. The interior was also extensively renovated in 1890 when the marble altars were added. The church was consecrated on May 27, 1893 by Bishop Michael J. O'Farrell. In 1867 the German Catholics who immigrated to Camden formed their own parish from Immaculate Conception, Saints Peter and Paul. Camden became part of the Diocese of Trenton when it was established in 1881. The rectory, which had been built in 1861, was expanded in 1882. Sacred Heart Parish was established in 1885 from Immaculate Conception at a chapel that had been built in 1872. Cathedral As the number of Catholics continued to increase in South Jersey, Pope Pius XI established the Diocese of Camden on December 9, 1937. The Church of the Immaculate Conception became the cathedral church for the new diocese at this time. The diocese's first bishop, Bartholomew J. Eustace, was installed on May 4, 1938. The number of Catholics continued to increase in the diocese and Immaculate Conception's rather modest size necessitated St. Joseph's Church being named a pro-cathedral in the 1950s. Demographic changes in the late 20th and early 21st century necessitated changes to the parishes in Camden. On April 4, 2008 Bishop Joseph Galante announced that the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception would merge with Holy Name and Our Lady of Mount Carmel & Fatima parishes in Camden. The Cathedral was designated as the primary worship site with a secondary worship site at Our Lady of Mount Carmel & Fatima. See also List of Catholic cathedrals in the United States List of cathedrals in the United States National Register of Historic Places listings in Camden County, New Jersey References External links Roman Catholic Diocese of Camden Official Site Roman Catholic churches in New Jersey Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey Gothic Revival church buildings in New Jersey Roman Catholic churches completed in 1864 19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States Churches in Camden County, New Jersey Immaculate Conception Camden Roman Catholic Diocese of Camden Roman Catholic churches in Camden, New Jersey Tourist attractions in Camden, New Jersey National Register of Historic Places in Camden County, New Jersey
Gametrak is a brand of 3-dimensional game control systems based on position tracking, designed for home video game platforms such as video game consoles and personal computers. The first Gametrak was invented in 2000 by Elliott Myers, who developed and guided the Gamester video game peripheral range for Leda Media Products and later Radica Games. Myers founded gaming company In2Games around Gametrak in November 2000. The main hardware for the original Gametrak is the base unit, a weighted device positioned on the floor in front of the display. The base unit communicates with the console or PC by Universal Serial Bus. and also features an attached foot-pedal input. Technology The Gametrak uses a patented mechanical system for tracking position of physical elements in three-dimensional space in real time. The base unit features two identical mechanisms, each of which can determine the three-dimensional coordinates of an associated element relative to the mechanism. Each mechanism contains a retracting cable reel and a small tubular guide arm from which the cable passes out. The guide arm is articulated in a ball joint such that the arm and ball follow the angle at which the cable extends from the mechanism. At the end of the cable is a fastener for connecting to the tracked element. The distance of the tracked element from the mechanism is determined through components which measure the rotation of the spool drum for the retracting cable reel, and calculating how far the cable is extended. Through the ball joint and guide arm, the mechanism functions in a similar fashion as a gamepad analog stick to determine the angular direction from the mechanism to the track element. From the distance and angle data, a three-dimensional position for the element is resolved. The predetermined spacing and orientation of the mechanisms on the base unit allows the coordinate data gathered by the two mechanisms to be converted into positions in a unified space. According to In2Games, the mechanisms can determine position "to an accuracy of 1 millimetre anywhere within a 3m cube around the unit, with no processor overhead or time delay." By tracking two positions, it is possible to independently track two different objects, or the position and orientation of a single object, such as a sword or baseball bat. The Gametrak includes special fingerless gloves, each with a fastener along the outside edge for attaching a tether cable, allowing the system to track both of a user's hands. Haptic functionality was planned to be incorporated into future revisions of the original Gametrak, in which supplementary retraction forces on the tension cables would be dynamically increased or decreased to simulate various effects. History According to Myers, he arrived at the basic concept for the Gametrak while playing with a retractable washing line in a hotel bathroom. While pulling the cord out, Myers thought of combining it with a joystick mechanism to create a 3D control device. After testing the concept, the developers worked on an implementation to make the device affordable, accurate, and reliable enough for a mass market. Myers stated that "the whole process took about 3 years to get right." In January 2003, Atomic Planet Entertainment was confirmed as a licensed developer for the Gametrak, developing the launch title for the peripheral, a first-person fighting game originally entitled Dark Wind. In the game, players move their hands to punch, block, dodge and wield magic against the on-screen opponent. In August 2004, a few months before launch, the Gametrak was showcased at the 2004 Games Convention, where it won a "Best of GC" award for "Most Innovative Product". Along with the renamed Dark Wind, at the convention In2Games publicly debuted Real World Golf, a golf simulator game being developed by Aqua Pacific with design consultant Jon Hare, and set for release in 2005. Gametrak was released for PlayStation 2 on October 22, 2004 in Europe, bundled with Dark Wind. The game received mixed reviews but went on to sell around 60,000 copies. On August 26, 2005, In2Games simultaneously released PlayStation 2 versions of Real World Golf and Gametrak Version 2 in Europe. Gametrak Version 2 is functionally identical to the previous version, but features various design refinements. Real World Golf debuted at #19 in the weekly Chart-Track rankings for PlayStation 2 software titles in the United Kingdom, after only two days of sales; rising to #6 the next week; and peaking at #3 the following week. Remaining in the top 20 for another 6 weeks, the game was considered a major success by the company. In November 2005 In2Games announced that it had secured additional funding and support, and was planning to expand Gametrak to new regions and platforms. The company also revealed plans for more Gametrak games; including self-published bowling, basketball, first-person shooter, and party game titles; and a baseball game from Gametrak's distributor Mad Catz. PC versions of the Gametrak and Real World Golf were released in Europe on November 23, 2005. On April 11, 2006, Gametrak was released for both PlayStation 2 and Xbox in the United States, bundled with enhanced versions of Real World Golf. On August 25, 2006, In2Games released Real World Golf 2007 in Europe for PlayStation 2 and PC, by which time over 300,000 Gametrak units had been sold. With the creation of its RealPlay and Gametrak Freedom products, In2Games is no longer developing for the original Gametrak system. Gametrak Freedom On October 20, 2006, a next-generation wire-free Gametrak system, using a patent-pending ultrasonic tracking technology, was revealed at a press event in London under the name "Gametrak Fusion". The system was to utilize a compactible USB-connected base unit and various wireless RF controller units. The standard controller unit was to be a wand which featured interchangeable clip-on heads for applications such as tennis and golf. Custom controller units such as a bowling ball controller were also featured. A concept design was shown for a two-piece wireless motion-sensing gamepad controller that can quickly be split apart or snapped together. In2Games positioned the control system as a competitive cross-platform alternative to the Wii Remote, targeting it for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 platforms. Originally planned to be released in summer/fall 2007, it was then linked to the game Squeeballs, announced at GDC 2009 by PDP and developed by Eiconic Games. The Gametrak Freedom never went into commercial production past the prototype stage and an application for patent was withdrawn in 2012. Related products RealPlay On August 17, 2007, In2Games announced RealPlay, a range of family-friendly video games for the PlayStation 2 with wireless motion-sensing controller units similar to those originally shown for then-named Gametrak Fusion, but without the ultrasonic tracking technology. The RealPlay controllers feature accelerometers with a full-scale sensing range of 5 g. The first four RealPlay titles (RealPlay Racing, RealPlay Pool, RealPlay Golf, RealPlay Puzzlesphere) were released in the United Kingdom on November 30, 2007 at a retail price of £34.99 each (approx. US$72, c.2007), with the release of two additional titles (RealPlay Bowling, RealPlay Tennis) in 2008. The company also released the titles outside of the UK. Notes References External links In2Games website libgametrak Game controllers
SynthEdit is a modular audio plugin development environment which uses a visual editor. First conceived in 1987 by programmer Jeff McClintock and initially distributed in 1999, it was officially released in 2005. Along with Native Instruments' Reaktor and the closely related FlowStone (previously known as SynthMaker) by DSPRobotics, SynthEdit has been recognised as one of the few tools for independent synthesizer development that don't require traditional programming like JUCE, and the only visual programming environment with 64-bit VST 3 support. Overview SynthEdit provides a GUI editing system and a full MIDI interface for hardware controllers. It can export projects as VST plugins, allowing creations to be used as instruments and effects inside of most DAWs and on macOS, where SynthEdit isn't available. Interface Below a toolbar containing a switch (stylised as a green power button) to start and stop the audio engine, SynthEdit's interface is divided into three vertical sections: a left panel containing a list of modules, a section for the detached visual editing windows in the middle, and a panel showing the highlighted modules' properties and values on the right. Any number of modules can be nested in an organised structure called a container, which will reveal its contents in another window upon being clicked, and any module can receive or send input of various types from other modules through colour-coded nodes. Features Modules The SynthEdit SDK is an accompanying tool that can be used for the development of extensions, known as external modules, using C++. These extensions interface directly with the program, appearing like stock modules within the program's visual environment. Since its release, the SDK has allowed developers to release additional freeware and payware modules for use within SynthEdit, adding new features to the program like the ability to manipulate waveforms through Fourier transforms (typically used in digital signal processing as the basis of additive and wavetable synthesis engines), new filters and audio effects. References External links SynthEdit - Official Website Software synthesizers
WKBM (930 kHz) is an AM radio station broadcasting a Catholic talk and teaching radio format. It is licensed to Sandwich, Illinois, and largely simulcasts with sister station WNTD 950 AM Chicago. They are owned by Relevant Radio, based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. By day, WKBM is powered at 2,500 watts. At night, it increases power to 4,500 watts. To protect other stations on 930 AM from interference, it uses a directional antenna with a five-tower array. The transmitter is on Legion Road at Immanuel Road in Yorkville, Illinois. Programming is also heard on 34-watt FM translator W256DU at 99.1 MHz in Cloverdale, Illinois. History Full service era The station began broadcasting in . The original call sign was WBYG. The station was originally owned by Larry Nelson. On April 11, 1988, the station's call sign was changed to WAUR. From the late 1980s until 1990 aired a full service format with country music and news, information, and talk programming. In 1990 the country music was replaced with Oldies, with the station airing full-service format with a strong emphasis on local issues. It continued to air this format until its sale to the Children's Broadcasting Corporation in 1997. Children's Broadcasting Corporation In January 1997, the station was purchased by Children's Broadcasting Corporation for $3.9 million, and it became the Chicago affiliate of the "Radio AAHS" network, airing children's programming. After Radio AAHS discontinued operations in January 1998, Children's Broadcasting Corporation, began leasing time on its stations until it could find buyers. In February 1998, WAUR, along with the other nine CBC stations, became an outlet for "Beat Radio", which broadcast electronic dance music 12 hours a day. Catholic Radio Network In late 1998, the station was sold to Catholic Radio Network, later known as Catholic Family Radio, and it began airing a Catholic oriented talk format. In late 1999, Catholic Radio Network had entered into an agreement to the station to Saul Acquisition Co. for $4.4 million. The plans were for the station to be operated by Radio Center for People with Disabilities, with Catholic Family Radio continuing to air temporarily during certain time-slots. However, the sale was never consummated, ownership reverted to Catholic Family Radio, and the station was taken off the air temporarily in spring of 2001. Victory 930 In spring 2001, Catholic Family Radio entered into a local marketing agreement with Michigan based religious broadcaster Midwest Broadcasting (now known as Christian Broadcasting System), and the station returned to the air broadcasting a religious format. The station was branded "Victory 930". In late 2001, Midwest Broadcasting entered into an agreement to purchase the station for $4 million. However, the Radio Center for People with Disabilities filed a challenge with the Federal Communications Commission to block the sale of the station, on the basis that the purchaser was not a member of a minority, and the sale was never consummated. Relevant Radio In 2004, WAUR was sold to Starboard Broadcasting for $3.5 million, and the station began airing its current Catholic format as an affiliate of Relevant Radio. The station changed its call sign to the current WKBM on June 18, 2014. References External links Radio 930 AM KBM KBM Catholic radio stations Radio stations established in 1986 1986 establishments in Illinois Sandwich, Illinois Relevant Radio stations
Jeff Westbrook is a TV writer best known for his work on The Simpsons and Futurama, for which he is a three-time winner of the WGA Award. Education and pre-TV Prior to becoming a TV writer, Westbrook was a successful algorithms researcher. After majoring in physics and history of science at Harvard University, he studied computer science with Robert Tarjan at Princeton University, receiving his Ph.D. in 1989 with a thesis entitled Algorithms and Data Structures for Dynamic Graph Algorithms. He then took a faculty position at Yale University, later becoming a researcher for AT&T Laboratories before leaving research for Hollywood. Erdős and Bacon numbers Westbrook's Erdős number is three due to his research collaborations with Tarjan and others. His Bacon number is also three, due to his appearance as an extra in the movie Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, giving a combined Erdős–Bacon number of six. Writing credits Futurama episodes "The Day the Earth Stood Stupid" (2001) "The 30% Iron Chef" (2002) "Teenage Mutant Leela's Hurdles" (2003) The Simpsons episodes "On a Clear Day I Can't See My Sister" (2005) "The Wettest Stories Ever Told" (2006) "Kill Gil, Volumes I & II" (2006) – Won 2007 WGA Award in the Animation category "Apocalypse Cow" (2008) – Won 2008 WGA Award in the Animation category "No Loan Again, Naturally" (2009) "Pranks and Greens" (2009) "The Ned-Liest Catch" (2011) "The Man in the Blue Flannel Pants" (2011) "Ned 'n Edna's Blend" (2012) – Won 2012 WGA Award in the Animation category "Treehouse of Horror XXIV" (2013) "The Man Who Grew Too Much" (2014) "The Wreck of the Relationship" (2014) "Let's Go Fly a Coot" (2015) “The Nightmare After Krustmas” (2016) "Caper Chase" (2017) "No Good Read Goes Unpunished" (2018) 'Tis the 30th Season" (2018) "I Want You (She's So Heavy)" (2019) "Bobby, It's Cold Outside" (2019) "Better Off Ned" (2020) "The Road to Cincinnati" (2020) "Diary Queen" (2021) "Girls Just Shauna Have Fun" (2022) "Pin Gal" (2023) "Clown V. Board of Education" (2023) "Treehouse of Horror XXXIV" (2023) References External links Dr. Sarah's Mathematical Backgrounds of the Simpsons Writers A Futurama Math Conversation with Dr. Jeff Westbrook Jeffery Westbrook: list of publications from the DBLP Bibliography Server Year of birth missing (living people) Harvard College alumni Living people Princeton University alumni American television writers American male television writers Writers Guild of America Award winners Yale University faculty
Avatar Aang () is the title character and protagonist of Nickelodeon's animated television series Avatar: The Last Airbender (created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko), voiced by Zach Tyler Eisen. Aang is the last surviving Airbender, a monk of the Air Nomads' Southern Air Temple. He is an incarnation of the "Avatar", the spirit of light and peace manifested in human form. As the Avatar, Aang controls all four elements (water, earth, fire, and air) and is tasked with bringing balance and keeping the Four Nations at peace. At biologically 112 years old (physically 12), Aang is the series' reluctant hero, spending a century in suspended animation in an iceberg before being discovered and joining new friends Katara and Sokka on a quest to master the elements and save their world from the imperialist Fire Nation. Aang's character has appeared in other media, such as trading cards, video games, T-shirts, and web comics. Aang has also been portrayed by Noah Ringer in the live-action film The Last Airbender (2010) and voiced by D.B. Sweeney in the sequel series The Legend of Korra. Gordon Cormier will portray Aang in the upcoming Netflix live-action adaptation of the same name. Appearances Avatar: The Last Airbender Upon death, Avatar Roku was reincarnated and Aang was born, and later raised by Monk Gyatso, a senior monk at the Southern Air Temple and friend of the late Avatar Roku. Even prior to learning he was the Avatar, Aang distinguished himself by becoming one of the youngest Airbending Masters in history by inventing a new technique. As a result of Fire Lord Sozin's increasingly hostile attitude towards the other nations, the senior monks decided to reveal Aang's nature as the Avatar four years before the traditional age (Avatars are usually told of their status once they turn 16) and relocate him to one of the other Air Temples. Learning that he was to be taken from Gyatso caused Aang to flee the monastery on his flying bison, Appa, before being caught by a storm; the life-or-death conditions triggered the Avatar State, encasing the young Avatar and his bison in an air-pocket among icebergs, where he remained suspended for a century. Although Monk Gyatso had snuck into Aang's bedroom late at night to tell Aang that he won't be relocated to the Eastern Air Temple, it had already been too late. Book One: Water After one hundred years of suspended animation in an iceberg, twelve-year-old Aang was freed when found by Katara and Sokka, yet unaware of the events that occurred during his rest. His reawakening catches the attention of Prince Zuko, the banished son of current Fire Lord Ozai, and Aang is forced to leave, with Katara and Sokka accompanying him after they learn that he is the Avatar. Aang and his new friends visit the Southern Air Temple, where they meet a winged lemur whom Aang later names Momo. It is there that Aang learns that the Fire Nation wiped out his people, including Gyatso which causes Aang to summon his avatar spirit and the other 3 nations find out the avatar is back. After a series of misadventures, Aang meets his previous incarnation, Roku, who informs him that he must master all four bending arts and end the war before the coming of Sozin's Comet at the end of summer. Upon arriving to the Northern Water Tribe, after a few conflicts, Aang became an apprentice of Waterbending Master Pakku alongside Katara. After helping the Water Tribe drive off a Fire Nation invasion headed by Admiral Zhao, with Katara as his teacher, Aang and his group journey to the Earth Kingdom to find an Earthbending teacher. Ozai, angered that Iroh betrayed the Fire Nation, sends his daughter, Princess Azula, to hunt down Zuko and Iroh. Book Two: Earth In the second season, Aang learns Earthbending from Toph Beifong after he has a vision of the blind Earthbender in a swamp telling him to find her. On their journey, they are chased by Fire Princess Azula and her friends Mai and Ty Lee. The group learns about the Day of Black Sun in a secret underground library, and they attempt to reveal the information to the Earth King at Ba Sing Se. However, their flying bison, Appa, is captured by Sandbenders. Aang grows upset and angry and confronts the Sandbenders, learning that Appa has been sold. After stopping a Fire Nation drill threatening the safety of Ba Sing Se, they look for Appa only to find themselves dealing with the Dai Li before exposing their leader's deception. The group reunites with Jet helping them find Appa at Dai Li headquarters. They expose the Hundred Year War to the Earth King, who promises to help them invade the Fire Nation. Soon after, Aang meets a guru who attempts to teach Aang to open his seven chakras in order to control the defensive 'Avatar State'; but when Aang perceives Katara in danger, he leaves before the seventh chakra is opened, and thus loses his progress until the seventh is opened. Though Aang manages to unlock the Seventh Chakra, he is fatally electrocuted by Azula. He is later brought back to life by Katara, using the spirit water given to her by the Northern Water Tribe at the start of the second season. Book Three: Fire In the beginning of third and final season, after he woke after being knocked out by Azula, Aang grew some hair. After that, Aang is unable to use the Avatar State for quite a while. Although reluctant with the plan at first, Aang accepts to have everyone think he had died and his remaining allies attack the Fire Nation's capital, but are thwarted by Azula. However, Zuko has a change of heart, rebels against his father, and offers to teach Aang Firebending. Aang and Zuko also improve their Firebending powers with the help of their world's last two dragons. (In this part of the show, he is 13) During the finale, finding himself on a strange island, Aang is reluctant to actually kill Fire Lord Ozai, despite his four previous past lives (Roku, Kyoshi, Kuruk, and Yangchen) convincing him it is the only way. But upon learning that he was actually on the back of a Lion Turtle, one of four that made the first benders by manipulating humans' chi, Aang receives the Lion Turtle's Energybending. During the final battle, Aang's scar is pressed against a jutting rock, opening his chakras and allowing him to enter the Avatar State. Aang wins the battle, but before he delivers the final blow, he stops himself. Instead, Aang removes Ozai's firebending ability, rendering him harmless and ending the Hundred Year War. Later, in the Fire Nation capital, Aang is seen beside Zuko, the new Fire Lord. The series ends with Aang and his friends relaxing at Iroh's tea shop at Ba Sing Se, where Aang and Katara share a kiss. Graphic Novel Trilogies After beginning the Harmony Restoration Movement, an event that was meant to remove Fire Nation remnants from the Earth Kingdom, Aang agrees to end Zuko's life should he go down a path similar to his father, after the latter requests it, being stopped by Katara from entering the Avatar State as he began a later encounter with Zuko and then tries to mediate protestors and the Yu Dao resistance, afterward assembling members of a fan club and forming the "Air Acolytes", a group that he intends to teach the ways of the Air Nomads. Aang then participated in a search for Zuko's mother Ursa, successfully finding her and entering the Spirit World to assist in locating the Mother of Faces, convincing her to grant Rafa a new face. After a period of entertainment, Aang is contacted by his former life Yangchen, who tried contacting him about Old Iron's return. Aang also has a fight with the Rough Rhinos when they try to oust him from the Eastern Fire Refinery. Aang then aids in preventing Azula, disguised as the Kemurikage, from stealing any more children. He later returns to the South Pole and reunites with Katara and Sokka during the festival of the rebuilt and newly expanded Southern Water Tribe, with assistance from dozens of waterbenders and healers from the Northern Water Tribe. The Legend of Korra While frozen in an iceberg for 100 years, the Avatar State drained much of Aang's life energy. While he did not feel the effects for many years, after he entered middle age in his 50s, the strain of this exertion increasingly weighed upon his body. Ultimately, it resulted in Aang dying at the relatively young biological age of 66 (since he was in the ice for 100 years, in 153 AG). Aang was outlived by his wife, Katara, and his three children, but he did not live to see his grandchildren, all of whom would become powerful airbenders. As his death drew near, Aang tasked the Order of the White Lotus with finding and guiding the new Avatar after him. When Aang died, the Avatar spirit reincarnated into Korra of the Southern Water Tribe. Aang intended for the Order to simply guide and guard Korra, but several mishaps in the aftermath of Aang's death (including a kidnapping attempt by the anarchist Zaheer) and the still-fragile state of relations between the now-Five Nations resulted in Katara and Tenzin sequestering Korra in a compound at the South Pole, bringing teachers to her instead of allowing her to seek out her own. Book One: Air In the sequel series' first season, Avatar Aang's spirit occasionally serves as the spiritual advisor to seventeen-year-old Korra (much like the previous Avatar incarnation, Roku, did for Aang). Korra struggles with the spiritual aspects of bending and being the avatar, so initially Aang is only able to give Korra glimpses of his memory concerning Yakone in relation to her confrontations with his two sons, Amon and Tarrlok, the products of Yakone's Bloodbending vendetta on the Avatar. It is only after she loses her ability to bend that Korra allows herself to listen to her past lives, at which point Aang is able to manifest more directly to her and helps to restore her powers by triggering the Avatar State and teaching her to Energybend. Book Two: Spirits The sequel series' second season reveals that Avatar Aang apparently treated Tenzin as his favorite child, due to his son's Airbender status; Kya and Bumi mentioned to Tenzin that Aang always took Tenzin on vacations with him, but never them. Aang's Air Acolytes also were unaware that Aang had two other children besides Tenzin. Tenzin himself insists that Aang loved all his children equally, but that Aang took more precedence in raising him since Tenzin would have to take care of future generations of airbenders. Aang himself later appears, along with Roku, Kyoshi and Kuruk, before Korra in a vision and encourages her to learn the origins of Wan (the first Avatar) and Raava. Aang, or possibly a vision of him, later appears in the Spirit World, encouraging Tenzin to move past the enormous legacy of being Aang's son and find his own path. Korra's connection to Aang and the other preceding Avatars is severed when Vaatu extracts and subsequently kills Raava, the divine Avatar Spirit entity within her. Even though Raava is reborn and fused again with Korra, she discovers, to her dismay, that her spiritual connection to Aang and all past Avatars is presumably gone forever. Book Three: Change When Zaheer gave an ultimatum: Surrender to him or lose the new airbenders, Korra meditated into the spirit realm, she expressed her wish to call upon Aang's spirit and ask his advice in saving the new Air Nomads. Iroh's spirit assured her that, even though Aang was no longer able to guide her, she could ask one of Aang's closest friends: Lord Zuko. Appearances in other media Games Aang's character appeared in the Avatar: The Last Airbender Trading Card Game on a multitude of cards. He appeared in the Avatar: The Last Airbender video game as one of the four playable characters. Two sequels were made: Avatar: The Last Airbender – The Burning Earth, followed by Avatar: The Last Airbender – Into the Inferno. Aang appears as a playable racer in Nickelodeon Kart Racers 2: Grand Prix. Aang also appeared in Escape from the Spirit World, an online video game found on Nickelodeon's official website. The game includes certain plot changes that are not shown in the show. The show's directors, Michael DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, claim the events are canon. Aang is also a playable character in the Nickelodeon game Super Brawl Universe. There is also a location in the game set in the Air Temple. He also appeared as a playable character in Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl. Aang appears as a crossover skin in Brawlhalla for the character Wu Shang. Films Tokyopop has published a films comic (sometimes referred to as cine-manga), in which Aang, being the main character of the show, appears repeatedly. In 2010, director M. Night Shyamalan cast 12-year-old Tae Kwon Do practitioner Noah Ringer as Aang in the film adaptation of the series, The Last Airbender. His name in the film is pronounced [ɑŋ] instead of [eəŋ]. The casting of a presumed white actor in the role of Aang (as well as a primarily Caucasian cast) in the Asian-influenced Avatar universe triggered negative reactions from some fans, marked by accusations of racism, a letter-writing campaign, and a protest outside of a Philadelphia casting call for movie extras. The casting decisions were also negatively received by several critics, who stated that the original casting call expressed a preference for Caucasian actors over others. Noah Ringer later identified himself to Entertainment Weekly as an American Indian. Creation and conception Aang's character was developed from a drawing by Bryan Konietzko, depicting a bald man with an arrowlike design on his head, which the artist developed into a picture of a child with a flying bison. Meanwhile, Michael Dante DiMartino was interested in a documentary about explorers trapped in the South Pole, which he later combined with Konietzko's drawing. The plot they described corresponds with the first and second episodes of Avatar: The Last Airbender, where the "water people" (Katara and Sokka) rescue the "air guy" (Aang) while "trapped in a snowy wasteland" (the Southern Water Tribe) with "some fire people [that] are pressing down on them" (Fire Nation Troops and Zuko). The creators of the show intended Aang to be trapped in an iceberg for one hundred years, later to wake inside a futuristic world, wherein he would have a robot named Momo and a dozen bisons. The creators lost interest in this theme, and changed it to one hundred years of suspended animation. The robotic Momo became a flying lemur, and the herd of bison was reduced to one. In the episode "Tales of Ba Sing Se", Aang's name was written as 安昂 (ān áng) in Chinese. Personality and characteristics Michael Dante DiMartino, the show's co-creator, said: According to the show's creators, "Buddhism and Taoism have been huge inspirations behind the idea for Avatar." As shown in "The King of Omashu" and "The Headband", a notable aspect of Aang's character is his vegetarian diet, which is consistent with Buddhism, Hinduism, and Taoism. In the Brahmajala Sutra, a Buddhist code of ethics, vegetarianism is encouraged. Furthermore, the writers gave Aang a consistent reluctance to fight and an aversion to killing. In "The Spirit World (Winter Solstice, Part 1)", Aang encounters an angry spirit destroying a village and kidnapping villagers; but instead of fighting the spirit, Aang negotiates. He is also depicted showing ethical reluctance in killing the Phoenix King, and eventually strips Ozai of his bending instead of murdering him. Bending the elements As the Avatar, Aang is capable of bending all four elements (air, water, earth and fire). The series' creators consulted a professional martial artist in the design of the show's fighting style; each of these styles' philosophies and set movements corresponds to a specific "bending arts". The creators made bending a natural extension of consistent limitations and rules of the world. Everything in Avatar's world, whether it be clothing, culture or infrastructure, is influenced by bending. The City of Omashu uses a complex system of gravity and earthbending to transport supplies. The Water Tribes were a naval superpower: their buildings are made of ice and used waterbending as mechanisms for their walls and gates. Airbenders built temples atop high mountains and cliffs that could only be easily reached by Airbending and they have a hermetic ideology to reflect this isolation. The Fire Nation were the first to industrialize due to their ability to generate power and master metallurgy with their bending of fire and lightning. At the start of the series, Aang is initially only proficient in air, having been able to bend it with ease since he was a young child. Through the teaching of Katara and Zuko, he gradually learns waterbending and firebending; but struggles with Toph's teachings of earthbending due to its rigid nature conflicting with his desire for freedom. Aang utilizes all elements equally, but heavily favors airbending for crowd control and non-lethal purposes, in accordance with his pacifism principles. Airbending: The bending art Aang primarily uses in the entire franchise, is a Southern Temple Style based on an "internal" Chinese martial art called Baguazhang. Aang is the only person in living memory to have mastered this form of airbending, and would later pass down this knowledge to his son, Tenzin, who with the aid of Korra, would prove instrumental in the reconstruction and preservation of Air Nomad oral and intangible cultural heritage. Due to the genocide of his people, all other "styles of airbending arts" have been forever lost to history. This fighting style focuses on circular movements, and does not have many finishing moves; traits meant to represent the unpredictability of air and the peaceful character of Airbenders. Airbending represents the element of freedom, and is categorized as the most elusive of the "four bending arts". Airbending utilizes negative jing, which involves retreating and dodging attacks. Airbending involves "smooth coiling and uncoiling actions"; dynamic footwork, throws, and open-handed techniques; and swift, evasive maneuvers designed to evoke the "intangibility and explosive power of wind". These techniques are intended to increase the difficulty for opponents to attack directly or land a lethal blow—allowing airbenders to defend themselves while also protecting their attacker from injury—a pacifist-philosophy that is prevalent among the Air Nomad people. Airbending lacks "finishing moves" or effective methods for permanently disabling foes, a weakness frequently exploited by opponents. Waterbending: Waterbending is the bending art Katara, later Pakku, teaches Aang in the series, which is based on Chinese martial arts techniques of "internal style" T'ai chi ch'uan and Jeet Kune Do. When Aang traveled north, he learned Northern Tribe Yin-style. During The Legend of Korra, Katara is the only Master of "Southern Tribe Yang-style", forced to reconstruct the style from surviving manuscripts; all other masters were killed, their collective knowledge confiscated or destroyed by the Fire Nation. Waterbending represents the element of change—a shapeshifter constantly changing forms—and is categorized as the most adaptive or pliable of the "four bending arts". Waterbending emphasizes "softness and breathing" over "hard aggression"; fluid and graceful, acting in concert with the environment; creating opportunities where none exist; this "flow of energy" allows their defensive maneuvers to translate into focus on control and counter-offenses, turning their opponents' momentum against them. Despite these advantages, Waterbending is almost entirely dependent on inertia; it is essential for practitioners to not be rigid, but to be fluid and able to adapt to any situation. Earthbending: Earthbending is the martial art Toph teaches Aang in the series, which is based on Chinese martial arts techniques of Hóng Quán and Chu Gar Nán Pài Tángláng. Earthbending represents the element of substance. Toph's earthbending style is Chu Gar Praying Mantis, as opposed to the more common Hung Gar, taught to her by the original earthbenders, badgermoles. Earthbending is categorized as the most diverse and enduring of the "four bending arts". Earthbending is the geokinetic ability to manipulate earth, rock, sand, lava, and metals in all their various forms. Earthbending utilizes neutral jing, which involves waiting and listening for the right moment to act decisively. Earthbending involves enduring attacks until the right opportunity to counterattack reveals itself, emphasizes "heavily rooted stances and strong blows that evoke the mass and power of earth", and demands precise stepping footwork to maintain constant contact with the ground. Earthbending parallels Five Animals movements (such as the tiger's hard blows and the crane's affinity to landing gracefully). Earthbending is at its strongest when the feet or hand are in direct contact with the ground, enabling earthbenders to transfer their kinetic energies into their bending for fast and powerful moves. This reliance on direct contact with the earth is a literal Achilles' heel; separating earthbenders from any contact with the earth renders them ineffective. Firebending: Firebending is the martial art Zuko teaches Aang in the series, which is based on Chinese martial arts techniques of Changquan, Shaolinquan, Lóng Xíng Mó Qiáo and Xing Yi Quan. Firebending represents the element of power—desire and will paired with energy to achieve it, a philosophy reflected in firebending's unique capability for its users to generate their central element, rather than manipulating already present sources. Firebenders use breath control to manipulate chi in their own bodies and convert the energy from breathing into fire once it exits the body. A century of warfare have corrupted the Fire Nation's rich culture, and with it, their firebending-styles "regressed" into militarized format based on hatred and raw aggression; Zuko and Aang sought to learn firebending in its purest and most harmonious form, and rediscovered Dancing Dragon Style from the last surviving dragons. Dragon Style is the bending art first practiced by the Sun Warriors, the earliest incarnation of the modern Fire Nation; for the Sun Warriors, fire is life, energy, and creativity, rather than destruction and hate. Firebending is categorized as the most determined and powerful of the "four bending arts". All Firebending styles emphasize initiative and speed, overwhelming their opponents with powerful jabs and kicks that hurl fire before building to an explosive finishing move, mirroring the vitality and explosive power of fire. This is often seen in the "Agni Kai" or fire-duels that Zuko competes in. A master firebender will confidently control fire, rather than allowing their energy to become unfocused rage. A select few high-level firebenders can access highly destructive and lethal skills, such as lightning-bending and combustion-bending. Firebending's offensive power comes with a trade-off: a lack of blocks or evasive maneuvers, particularly when facing other elements. Energybending: Aang learned about energybending from the last living lion turtle, as he did not wish to kill Ozai, and was given the ability to do so. He is able to use energybending to connect with his inner spirit and gain cosmic energy from the universe. In The Legend of Korra, Aang gave Avatar Korra, the current Avatar, the ability to energybend, which was used to restore people's bending abilities after Amon removed them using bloodbending. The Avatar State As the Avatar, Aang serves as a bridge between "Material World" and the "Spirit World", the plane of existence where the universe's disembodied spirits dwell. His spirituality training progressed swiftly, granting visions and access to the various memories from his past lives. As his predecessors, his most powerful ability is the Avatar State, in which he receives a massive boost in raw power from the cosmic energy, enabling him to easily overcome any opponent that tries to fight him head on. In addition, this state allows him to access bending techniques he would not have learned during his own lifetime but throughout those of his past lives. If he is killed in the Avatar State, then this would cause the Avatar to cease being reincarnated and end the Avatar Cycle. Critical reception Aang was received exceptionally by critics and fans. Kendall Lyons stated, "Aang seems to be the lighthearted kid that you can easily familiarize yourself with", and that he "seems to bring comfort in the most dangerous or hostile situations." There are many similar descriptions about Aang as a childlike character who is "reckless and excitable". Reviews point out that "as the Avatar, Aang seems unstoppable, but as Aang, he is just another Airbender"; the review states later that the show continues to focus on a more realistic character instead of a perfect one by revealing many character flaws. In 2016, Screen Rant ranked Aang #15 on its "30 Best Animated TV Characters Of All Time" list. At the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics, Dutch windsurfer Kiran Badloe won the gold medal in Men's RS: X while having a blue arrow haircut inspired by Aang's design. Family tree References External links Official TV Show Website at Nick.com Aang at Nick.com Animated human characters Avatar: The Last Airbender characters Television characters introduced in 2005 Animated characters introduced in 2005 Avatar: The Last Airbender Fictional male martial artists The Legend of Korra Child characters in animated television series Child superheroes Fictional aikidoka Fictional avatars Fictional Baguazhang practitioners Fictional characters displaced in time Fictional characters with anti-magic or power negation abilities Fictional characters with air or wind abilities Fictional characters with earth or stone abilities Fictional characters with fire or heat abilities Fictional characters with ice or cold abilities Fictional characters with water abilities Fictional child soldiers Fictional cryonically preserved characters Fictional Hung Ga practitioners Fictional Lóng Xíng Mó Qiáo practitioners Fictional monks Fictional Nán Tángláng practitioners Fictional genocide survivors Fictional pacifists Fictional refugees Fictional shamans Fictional stick-fighters Fictional tai chi practitioners Fictional vegan and vegetarian characters Fictional war veterans Fighting game characters Male characters in animated series Male superheroes Orphan characters in television Television superheroes Fictional nomads
MicroWorlds JR is a computer program using a simplified version of the Logo programming language to teach non-readers or early readers to program in Logo. It was first launched in 2004 by Logo Computer Systems, Inc. (LCSI), and as in their original line of MicroWorlds programs, the object on the screen begins as a turtle and can be controlled with basic commands to make it move. Differing from the Logo syntax developed by Seymour Papert and teams at MIT, MicroWorlds JR uses images to replace the command names, which are selected by the child to create turtle graphics. The turtle object can be given a variety of shapes that act as a costume for the turtle, and therefore lends itself to a variety of animations and creative stories and projects for younger students. Constructivist Learning Theory MicroWorlds JR supports constructivism by putting control in the hands of the student. The program allows the child to interact actively with the computer, applying logic and problem solving skills to create their own 'microworld', often through project-based learning. Constructivists believe that: children are innate, natural learners all people have the desire and ability to learn learning is a social activity development results from interaction between students and a stimulating intellectual environment when cognitive conflicts arise, effective learning may follow teachers can promote development of knowledge through apprenticeship and dialogue Constructionism and the Spirit of Logo Seymour Papert and Idit Harel have developed Constructionist learning theory, based upon the premise that children learn best by making things, not just by doing. Being involved in the creation of that which is new enables the teacher to join students as an authentic co-learner, thereby modelling the strategies of expert learners. Working through problems enhances a child's ability to see transfer in the knowledge they have acquired, and when creating with Logo much of the learning has to do with 'debugging' the programs to see intended results, as well as the understanding of what is relevant and efficient in deciphering and creating the code (Skillen, 2003). MicroWorlds JR involves the principles of constructionism that engage young learners: the creation of that which is new ensures that the teacher is an authentic co-learner along with students the role of the teacher changes from the traditional role of transmitting information to one of facilitator or guide the construction of a concrete product not only ensures that the child will strive for something that works effectively, but it will also be available for public scrutiny, sharing, discussion and reflection while working through authentic projects students are involved in building personally meaningful artifacts that demonstrate their knowledge learners are diverse; they make connections with knowledge in many different ways and therefore are given a variety of choices in how to demonstrate their learning (Kafai and Resnick, 1996) technology tools can be used to create something of importance (Resnick, 2002) learners will be more likely to persevere to solve problems when topics and projects are of personal interest Applications for Primary Teachers Logo Logo is a computer programming language that requires the student to interact with the turtle (object), and give it commands to make it move. For example, to draw a square. The turtle would need to put its pen down, step forward 60 paces, turn 90 degrees and then repeat these two commands four times. Students need to think carefully to command the turtle in a logical manner, and then check to see whether they create the desired effect. Alternatively, procedures can be written whereby students group the commands together and have the actions executed all at once. Older students might type this command using logo as: To squareRepeat 4 [forward 60 right 90] End In MicroWorlds JR, the same procedure would be created graphically: Using the Turtle Shapes and Turtle Commands Centre, students can create geometric shapes and designs by executing the pendown command and commanding the turtle to move step by step, or by writing procedures to create shapes. They can hatch more than one turtle at a time, and by right-clicking on the turtle they open a backpack in which they store and edit their commands. Alternatively, students can also embed procedures within other procedures thus creating subprocedures, all done with graphic representations of computer code. Procedures and commands can be created on click, on colour, on touch and on signal, which allows the student to create animated, interactive stories or simple video games. Narration or verbal directions and sounds, as well as buttons to flip from page to page, can be added to enhance the projects. The following textual logo commands are represented iconically using MicroWorlds JR and they are shown in the turtle command centre. forward backward turn right and left wait stop pen up pen down hide turtle show turtle head north set pen colour and size go home The graphics are put together to form commands, for example, the step graphic selects the forward or backward commands which set the direction the turtle will move, and children then choose a number of steps using a sliding grid. Multimedia Authoring On the left hand side of the student desktop, tools are provided to help students create multimedia projects and to add graphics and backgrounds to their work. The following table illustrates the functions of the Tool Centres. Curriculum Connections MicroWorlds JR can be integrated into primary programs in a wide range of projects patterns and geometry multimedia reports and stories interactive pages procedural and descriptive writing mazes and simple video games comparisons and measurement creating and exploring simple simulations and animations transformational geometry creating, then testing and reflecting upon hypotheses problem solving References Harel, I. & Papert, S. (editors) (1991). Constructionism . Norwood, NJ: Ablex Publishing Corporation. Kafai, Y., & Resnick, M., (1996). Constructionism in practice: Designing, thinking, and learning in a digital world. New Jersey: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Inc. Logo Computer Systems Inc., 1999, Logo Philosophy and Implementation. LCSI. What is Logo? And Who Needs It? Papert, Seymour (1980).Mindstorms.New York:Basic Books. Papert, Seymour (1993)."The Children's Machine: Rethinking School in the Age of the Computer. New York: Basic Books. Resnick, Mitchel.(in press). Computer as Paint Brush:Technology, Play and the Creative Society.To be published in: Singer, D., Golinkoff. R., and Hirsh-Pasek, K. (eds.) Play = Learning: How play motivates and enhances children's cognitive and social-emotional growth. Oxford University Press. Resnick, M. (1994). Turtles, termites and traffic jams. Massachusetts: MIT Press. Resnick, M. (2002). Rethinking learning in the digital age. In The global information technology report:Readiness for the networked world.Edited by G. Kirkham. Oxford University Press. Skillen, P. (2003). Transferring Knowledge with Technology. Learning and Leading With Technology. ISTE.Volume 30, (4) p.22-27. External links video interview with Seymour Papert LCSI The MicroWorlds JR product website includes demos, project examples, project information and important links. Seymour Papert An excellent collection of the articles and works of Seymour Papert. Gary Stager A teacher and teacher educator specializing in laptop education, Logo, and Robotics. Math Cats Some good examples of MicroWorlds EX projects. MaMaMedia Idit Harel's excellent site for children. The "For Grown-Ups" section has thought provoking articles about 21st Century Learning, including use of Logo StarLogo Models and explores the workings of decentralized systems and emergent phenomena like bird flocks, traffic jams, and market economies Lifelong Kindergarten Mitchel Resnick's Lifelong Kindergarten Group at MIT; provides information about programmable bricks and crickets The Logo Foundation A foundation that provides support for Logo users and educators MW Forum New and experienced users share questions, ideas and projects about MW Educational programming languages Logo programming language family
Maxim Jakubowski (born 1944) is a crime, erotic, science fiction and rock music writer and critic. Jakubowski was born in 1944 in England to Russian-British and Polish parents, but raised in France. Jakubowski has also lived in Italy and has traveled extensively. Jakubowski edited the science fiction anthologies Twenty Houses of the Zodiac (1979), for the 37th World Science Fiction Convention (Seacon '79) in Brighton, and Travelling Towards Epsilon, an anthology of French science fiction. He also contributed a short story to that anthology. He has edited works on Jack the Ripper. He is also a reviewer having had columns in Time Out London, The Guardian and Crime Time. Murder One Bookstore He has worked in book publishing for many years, with managerial positions in the Virgin Group, Penguin and the Hearst Group and left following a long career to open the Murder One bookshop, the UK's first specialist crime and mystery bookstore. The store closed in 2009, a victim of the internet according to Jakubowski. Novels His novels include It's You that I Want to Kiss, Because She Thought She Loved Me, The State of Montana, On Tenderness Express, Kiss Me Sadly, Confessions of a Romantic Pornographer and I Was Waiting for You. His short story collections are Life in the World of Women, Fools for Lust and the collaborative American Casanova. He is a regular broadcaster on British TV and radio and was voted the fourth Sexiest Writer of 2007 in a poll on the Crimespace website. Ekaterina and the Night were published in 2011 and combined crime with erotica, as does 'The Louisiana Republic' (2018). His latest novels are 'The Piper's Dance' (2021), a fantasy, and 'Just a Girl wioth a Gun' (2023), a noir thriller. For many years, Jakubowski was Chair of the Arthur C. Clarke Award and is now chair and judge for the Crime Writers' Association International Dagger; he is also on the committee of the Crime Writers' Association and a frequent commentator on radio and TV. He is a past chair of Chair of the Crime Writers' Association. In October 2019, he was awarded the CWA Red Herrings Award for lifetime achievement. He has also won the Karel Award for contribution to European science fiction and the Anthony Award at the Toronto Bouchercon for a best non-fiction book of the year for 'One Hundred Great Detectives' In 2024, he will act as Executive Producer for the 'Factory' TV series, based on the novels of Derek Raymond, being produced by the FX Network (The Living Dead) and Hardy, Son and Baker (Taboo and A Christmas Carol). Other writings He wrote the short story "Un Avocat pour Dolorès" under the pen name of "Adam Barnett-Foster". Jakubowski also wrote a number of books on rock music during the 1980s. He is also a well-known critic and reviewer, having written a crime review column for Time Out, London for 10 years and the Guardian for a further 11 years, ending in 2010. His column then moved online to Love Reading and has been since 2017 on Crime Time. His non-fiction book 'Following the Detectives' was shortlisted for several awards in the mystery field. It was revealed in The Guardian in January 2020 that he was one of two authors behind the pseudonymous Vina Jackson, who between 2010 and 2011 wrote a series of ten bestselling romantic erotica novels under the 'Eighty Days' brand which reached the Sunday Times bestseller list on several occasions and were published in 31 countries. Select bibliography As author with Edwards, Malcolm. The Complete Book of Science Fiction and Fantasy Lists. St Albans, Herts, UK: Granada Publishing Ltd., 1983. 350 pages. . As editor Twenty Houses of the Zodiac. New English Library, 1979. 237 pages. 100 Great Detectives. Carroll & Graf, 1991. 255 pages. Won 1992 Anthony Award for Best Critical Work Jack the Ripper: Comprehensive A-Z. Castle Books, 2005. London Noir. Serpent's Tail, 1994. 264 pages. Nominated 1995 Anthony Award for Best Anthology / Short Story Collection Past Poisons: An Ellis Peters Memorial Anthology of Historical Crime. Ibooks, Inc. Anthology edition, 2005. 356 pages. .# The Mammoth Book of Jack the Ripper. Robinson Publishing, 2008. Anthologies of erotic fiction The Mammoth Book of Erotica (Carroll & Graf US and Robinson UK, originally published in 1994, revised edition published in 2000) Anthologies of erotic photography The Mammoth Book of Illustrated Erotica, co-edited with Marilyn Jaye Lewis, Running Press, 2002, The Mammoth Book of Erotic Photography, co-edited with Marilyn Jaye Lewis, Edition Olms, 2004, A full bibliography, numbering well over 120 books, can be found on his website www.maximjakubowski.co.uk References External links 1944 births Living people Anthony Award winners BDSM writers British music critics British science fiction writers English erotica writers Historians of Jack the Ripper
Abe or ABE may refer to: People and fictional characters Shinzo Abe (1954–2022), former Prime Minister of Japan Abe (given name), a list of people and fictional characters with the given name or nickname Abe (surname), a list of people and fictional characters with the surname Abe clan, a Japanese clan Languages Abé language, a language of the Niger-Congo family abe, the ISO 639-3 code for the Western Abenaki language, a nearly extinct Algonquian language of Canada and the United States AbE, Aboriginal English spoken in Australia Science and technology Bolivian Space Agency, Agencia Boliviana Espacial Associação Brasileira de Estatística, a Brazilian scientific society Acetone–butanol–ethanol fermentation, or ABE fermentation, a process that produces acetone, biobutanol, and bioethanol from starch Attribute-based encryption, a collusion-resistant one-to-many encryption scheme Storms Typhoon Abe (1990) Typhoon Abe (1993) Transportation Abe Station, a railway station in Yazu Town, Yazu District, Tottori, Japan ABE, the Amtrak code for Aberdeen station (Maryland) in Maryland, US ABE, the IATA code for Lehigh Valley International Airport, Pennsylvania, US ABE, the MTR code for Aberdeen station (MTR) in Hong Kong, China ABE, the National Rail code for Aber railway station in Wales, UK Other uses Abe River, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan Abe (musical), a 2009 musical about Abraham Lincoln Abe (film), a 2020 film starring Noah Schnapp Adelaide Blue Eagles, an Australian football club Adult Basic Education, sustained adult engagement to learn new knowledge or skills Aviation boatswain's mate, equipment, a United States Navy occupational rating Old Abe (1861–1881), a bald eagle, the mascot of the 8th Wisconsin Volunteer Regiment in the American Civil War See also AbeBooks, an online marketplace for books
Fort Worth Opera is the oldest continually-performing opera company in the state of Texas and among the oldest in the United States, according to the company. While originally presenting operas one at a time over a fall/winter season, it changed to a "festival" format in 2007. It now performs three to four operas per year each spring in Bass Performance Hall, located in the downtown area of Fort Worth, Texas. In 2021, as the company celebrated its 75th anniversary season, Fort Worth Opera left the Festival format after fourteen years and returned to year-round programming. History The Fort Worth Civic Opera Association, now known as Fort Worth Opera, was founded by three women, Eloise MacDonald Snyder and Betty Spain, both former opera singers, and pianist and composer Jeanne Axtell Walker. In seven months, the trio pulled together a full-scale production of Verdi's La Traviata, performed on November 25, 1946, in a building now known as the Cowtown Coliseum, located in the Fort Worth Stockyards. The new association went through several management changes before it hired Rudolf Kruger as the musical director in 1955. Under Kruger's guidance, Fort Worth Opera went on to become an arts company of note, especially during the 1960s, when it helped launch the careers of Plácido Domingo and Beverly Sills. In 1982, the Fort Worth Opera executive board moved to reduce Kruger's responsibilities and began searching for a new managing director. The next several years proved to be difficult for the company, both financially and administratively. It hired and terminated two managing directors that were unable to generate the ticket sales and financial stability of Kruger. In 1991, Fort Worth Opera hired William Walker, a former singer with a distinguished career as one of Metropolitan Opera's principal baritones and as a recurring guest on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. Under Walker's direction, the company was able to return to financial stability and artistic success. In 1998, the executive board, unhappy with Walker's administrative management and direction, offered him a severance package, which he initially accepted. Later at a meeting of the full board, his supporters rallied to overturn the executive committee's decision. The company lost many important board members and donors as a result. The remaining board hired an executive director to help with administrative issues and Walker retained his position until his retirement in June 2002. In July 2001, Fort Worth Opera hired a new general director, Darren Keith Woods. Woods' prior experience included twenty years as a successful character tenor and general director of the Seagle Music Colony in upstate New York and Shreveport Opera. In recent years, the company has introduced more American and modern repertory to its programming, although it continues to produce mostly classical opera. On February 13, 2017, the Fort Worth Opera board of directors dismissed Woods from his post, citing differences over the future artistic and financial goals of the company. Following the cancellation of the 2020 Festival due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Fort Worth Opera announced the launch of the FWO Green Room, a new digital initiative. As opera companies across the globe continue to explore innovative ways to connect with audiences and build dynamic relationships through technology, the organization offered a blend of entertaining and interactive online content for opera lovers. The FWO Green Room included a partnership with internationally renounced soprano Jennifer Rowley for a six-week Virtual Audition Intensive with young opera singers across the globe and the digital debut of the Fort Worth Opera Chorus with a performance of Moses Hogan's His Light Still Shines. In addition, the eighth installment of the company's innovative new works showcase, Frontiers: FWO Libretto Workshop, was presented virtually. After a six-month international search in 2020, the Board of Trustees proudly chose Afton Battle to become the company's eighth general director. The appointment of Ms. Battle, a native of Amarillo, marked a return to her home state of Texas, where she graduated from the University of Houston with a degree in Voice Performance, before attending Westminster Choir College in Princeton, New Jersey, and receiving a Master of Music in Voice Performance and Pedagogy. After carving out a successful career as a young operatic singer, she became a highly regarded Arts Administrator, Development Director and Consultant in the art, ballet, and theater worlds of Chicago and New York City, masterminding several significant corporate campaigns, before joining Fort Worth Opera in September of 2020 to lead the company. During the company's 2020–2021 season, Fort Worth Opera launched FWO GO, an artistic initiative featuring socially distanced, pop-up performances in neighborhoods across the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, Voices for Votes, a series of mini-concerts to entertain voters waiting in long lines to cast their ballot on Election Day, and A Night of Black Excellence, an all-star concert in celebration of Black History Month. Each season, Fort Worth Opera hosts young professional singers-in-residence, the FWO Lesley Apprentice Artists. The Lesley Apprentice Artists gain training and experience, mostly through the company's Children's Opera Theatre and in small roles within season productions. This program and the FWO Studio Artist program bring opera to approximately 40,000 school children each year across the state of Texas, including those in low-income and low-performing schools. Fort Worth Opera also offers “Student Night at the Opera,” final dress rehearsals open to middle and high school students, and student rush discounts as part of its educational outreach. Change to festival format and a return to year-round programming After 60 years of producing opera in the stagione style – one opera at a time over the fall and winter – Fort Worth Opera announced unprecedented change in February 2006: it would condense its entire schedule to an annual spring festival, with all of its operas and concerts being presented over a four-week period. The inaugural Fort Worth Opera Festival opened in May 2007 and featured the company's first main-stage world premiere, Frau Margot, by composer Thomas Pasatieri. The scheduling of performances is similar to that of established opera festivals like the Santa Fe Opera, where operas are performed alternately, allowing visitors to see multiple works within a few days. According to Scott Cantrell of the Dallas Morning News, "Fort Worth Opera has become one of the country's premier opera festivals." The company booked its second main-stage world premiere, Before Night Falls by Cuban-American composer Jorge Martín, based on the memoirs of Cuban poet and writer Reinaldo Arenas. Before Night Falls was featured in the company's 2010 Festival along with Don Giovanni and The Elixir of Love. In 2021, Fort Worth Opera announced repertory, casting, and live performances for its landmark 75th anniversary season, including the world premiere of composer-librettist Héctor Armienta's Zorro. After 14 years of producing a nationally recognized Festival in the springtime, the organization returned to a year-round format during the 2021–2022 season, to expand its presence and visibility in the growing North Texas arts scene. See also List of opera festivals References External links Fort Worth Opera website Fort Worth Public Library Archives, Inventory to the Fort Worth Opera Guild Records Collection 1946 establishments in Texas American opera companies Culture of Fort Worth, Texas Musical groups established in 1946 Opera festivals Performing arts in Texas Texas classical music
is a role-playing video game developed by tri-Crescendo and published by Bandai Namco Games. The Xbox 360 version of the game was released on June 14, 2007 in Japan, September 17, 2007 in North America, and October 19, 2007 in Europe. The game was also released on the PlayStation 3 with additional content as on September 18, 2008 in Japan, and in North America on October 21, 2008, and in Europe with the original name Eternal Sonata on February 13, 2009. The game is centered on the Polish romantic pianist and composer Frédéric Chopin, who died of tuberculosis at the age of 39. The story envisions a fictional world dreamed by Chopin during his last hours that is influenced by Chopin's life and music, and in which he himself is a playable character, among others. The game's battle system centers on musical elements and character-unique special attacks. Light and darkness play a part in the appearance and abilities of enemies on the battlefield, as well as the types of magic that can be cast. The game features a selection of Chopin's compositions played by pianist Stanislav Bunin, though the original compositions were composed and arranged by Motoi Sakuraba. It is notable for its use of classical piano pieces, educational cutscenes featuring real paintings and photographs (in contrast to the cel-shading graphics of the game) and lush landscape design. Gameplay Eternal Sonata follows many general conventions in a typical role-playing video game; the player controls a party of up to twelve characters to explore the world, talking with its inhabitants, buying and selling equipment at shops, and encountering monsters while in the field. These encounters are visible, and the player can opt to avoid the encounter, if possible, as well as gaining an edge on the monsters by approaching them from behind. Experience points are awarded to all members of the party, though at a reduced rate for those not involved in combat, and characters will improve in various statistics with each experience level as well as learning special combat skills. Weapons, armor, and accessories can be used to improve these statistics, which can be purchased through money earned in combat, found in chests, or by selling both equipment and photographs which can be taken by the character Beat during battle. The player may also find Score Pieces scattered about the world, which represent short musical phrases. Various NPCs in the game will offer to perform with the party, requiring the player to match a Score Piece to the phrase offered by the NPC, with the resulting composition being ranked. Discordant matches will result in no reward, but close or perfect matches will gain a bonus item from the NPC. Combat While the main combat system is turn-based using only 3 characters within the party, it incorporates elements of an action game. Each character's turn is preceded by "Tactical Time", a period of time which the player can use to decide the course of action to take with that character. Once the player initiates an action or "Tactical Time" expires (a function of the Party Class Level), the player then has a limited amount of time denoted by an Action Gauge to move the character, attack the enemy, and use recovery skills or items. Regular attacks are made at melee or ranged distances depending on the weapon choice of the character, and add a small quantity of time back to the Action Gauge, and additionally add to the party's "Echoes" meter. Special skills which can include both offensive attacks and recovery skills will consume whatever Echoes have been generated to that point, and will have a more powerful effect relative to that number. When a character defends against an attack, there is a short period before the attack strikes where the player can press a button to block some of the damage for the attack, or to possibly even counterattack the blow and interrupt the monster's turn. Recovery and other one-time-use items are kept in a common pouch with a limited capacity; the player must "set" items in the pouch so that they can be cycled through and triggered during battle. Light and dark areas on the battle field generated by the time of day, environment, and shadows of the characters and monsters will affect combat. Each party character has one or more special skills that are active in lit areas, and a similar number but with very different effects in a dark area. Monsters themselves may have a dissimilar set of powers in the area of the battlefield they are in, while other monsters will actually change form when they move between lit and dark areas. The player can manipulate the nature of areas using special items, but this can also be affected by the monsters themselves, or through dynamic changes on the battlefield such as the shadow of a cloud moving across the ground. As the player progresses through the game, they will increase their Party Class Level. Each improvement in level grants some bonuses while also imposing additional limits on combat. For example, one Party Class improvement increases the number of slots for special skills for each character, but at the same time, cuts down the amount of Tactical Time and time available in the Action Gauge. This Level cannot be altered by the player in their first playthrough, but can be adjusted to the player's choice in Encore Mode. Plot The game for the most part takes place within the dream world of Chopin, with brief segments in the real world, where Chopin is on his death bed. The story is divided into eight chapters, with each chapter being represented by one of Chopin's compositions, and being related to events within his historical life. The story begins with a small group of characters wishing to meet with Count Waltz of Forte regarding the mineral powder, but eventually evolves into a far-reaching tale, with political espionage and rebellion being a commonly explored theme. Escapism is also a large theme in the game, one dealt with explicitly in the ending. It starts with Polka, a young girl that has magic, which means she is going to die soon. One day, after being rejected by the citizens of Ritardando, because average people think the magic disease is contagious, she decides that she wants to do something with her life before it ends. The initial party wants to find out why the mineral powder is so cheap compared to the floral powder and to stop the mining of Mt. Rock to acquire it because the mining damages Agogo Forest. As they progress, the party learns that the mineral powder has fatal side effects that would aid Forte's insurrection against its enemy, Baroque. Realising this, the party heads for Forte, but are stopped and taken into the Forte dungeon because Forte was alerted to the planned arrival of the rebellion group, Andantino. Shortly after escaping, the party unites with Andantino and are spotted by the same Forte personnel south of Fort Fermata (which is a short walk from Forte), and fall off a bridge into a river. Half of the party, along with Andantino, go through poisonous swamps to Andante, the hideout of Andantino. The other half of the party were saved by Prince Crescendo of Baroque, with his ship. They encounter pirates and defeat them shortly thereafter. After getting safely into Baroque, the party discuss the situation. Forte is threatening a war, but Baroque wants peace. Crescendo thinks of the plan to assassinate Count Waltz of Forte, but the plan is quickly discarded. In the PlayStation 3 version, that half of the party, along with Prince Crescendo and Princess Serenade, are then warped into Lament Mirror. The party discovers the history of Baroque and Forte. They find out that they were also once at a similar situation of threat to an all-scale war. That half of the party returns to Ritardando to reunite with the rest of the party. As they do, Allegretto leaves the reunion to retrieve Polka from her village. The full party then heads for Baroque and decide to explore Aria Temple, where they uncover a part of the mystery. When the party returns to Baroque, they find Crescendo and Serenade missing. It is discovered that they left for Forte to turn themselves in to prevent war. The party heads for Forte, and on the way (at Mt. Rock), they encounter Crescendo, Serenade and subsequently, Count Waltz. They battle, but Count Waltz completes a potion which turns his partner, Legato into a giant monster. Legato then rips a portal in the air and disappears with Waltz. Realizing that the entire world, not just Baroque is in danger, the party follows them to the city of the dead, Elegy Of The Moon, where souls lost to the mineral powder dwell. The party advances past Xylophone Tower and the Noise Dunes to Double Reed Tower, where Legato made another portal. There, the party defeats them and finally fight Chopin as the final antagonist, for him to complete his destiny. Realizing that it is the only way to save the world, Polka jumps off a cliff and is reborn younger, but then becomes older again and embraces Allegretto. Finally, back in the real world, Chopin's spirit rises out of his body and he plays his piano one last time, in a blooming sea of nocturnal flowers 'Heaven's Mirror', composing a song that was inspired by Polka. Characters All of the characters in Eternal Sonata, with the exception of real-world people such as Chopin, are named after musical terms. : Main antihero, age 39. He is a renowned composer and pianist. In the world of his dreams he meets Polka, a young girl with an incurable illness, who is the same age his younger sister Emilia was when she died of tuberculosis. Chopin adventures with his companions in search of answers in a world which is slowly becoming his new reality. Voiced by: Mitsuaki Madono (Japanese); Patrick Seitz (English) : Age 14. She has powerful magic abilities, which means she is doomed to die. Faced with this sad fate, she nonetheless refuses to give up hope and uses her magic for the benefit of others. Although she is reviled and shunned because of her illness, she holds within her a burning desire to save the people she loves. Voiced by: Aya Hirano (Japanese); Erin Fitzgerald (English) : Age 16. A young man standing up to the contradictions of the world. Though Allegretto is poor, he has a good heart. He is a thief who steals bread in order to feed children who are not able to feed themselves. However, he knows that this is not a solution to the underlying problem. He has decided that he must do something in the hopes that someday no one will go hungry. Voiced by: Hiro Shimono (Japanese); Sam Riegel (English) : Age 8. Beat is a young boy who lives with Allegretto in the port city of Ritardando. His greatest treasure is a camera which was given to him by his father. He has a cheerful personality and can immediately get along with almost anyone he meets. Voiced by: Yumiko Kobayashi (Japanese); Mona Marshall (English) : A 26-year-old shepherd the party meets in the countryside. She's a tough talker and being slightly older than the others in the party, can handle herself. She has a pet named Arco, who tags along with the group. Voiced by: Hoko Kuwashima (Japanese); Megan Hollingshead (English) : An 8-year-old guardian of the Agogo Forest with her sister. The party meets her when they were imprisoned in the Forte Castle dungeons. Salsa thinks hats are the best treasure in the world. She is quite brash, outspoken, energetic and very competitive towards Beat.Voiced by: Mika Kanai (Japanese); Amy Gross (English) : The other guardian of the Agogo Forest; Salsa's twin sister. She tends to be the more reasonable one of the two, making her a sharp contrast to Salsa. March appears to be mature and gentle.Voiced by: Chiwa Saito (Japanese); Amy Gross (English) : Jazz is the 27 year old, leader of the revolutionary group Andantino. Quiet and serious, he worries about the damage Count Waltz might be doing to the people with the mineral powder and the processes needed to mine it.Voiced by: Joji Nakata (Japanese); D.C. Douglas (English) : Jazz's lieutenant in Andantino, she's perceptive and tough, and inwardly dislikes Claves. Falsetto is 22 years old and has known Jazz since childhood.Voiced by: Tomoe Hanba (Japanese); Julie Ann Taylor (English) : Jazz's 24-year-old girlfriend and another soldier of Andantino. A spy for Forte, but soon regrets it. Murdered by Forte's Rondo because of treason, but can be revived further into the game. Voiced by: Mie Sonozaki (Japanese); Tara Platt (English) : The young prince of Baroque. Crescendo replaces his father for leading Baroque into the future war between Forte due to a sickness his father is suffering on. He rescues Polka, Beat, Frederic, and Salsa after they fell into Adagio River. He is 29 years of age. Crescendo is only playable in the PlayStation 3 version.Voiced by: Katsuyuki Konishi (Japanese); Cam Clarke (English) : The fiancée of Prince Crescendo. She is 23 years of age. Spy for Forte—revealed by Claves—but leaves Forte to join Baroque. Serenade is only playable in the PlayStation 3 version.Voiced by: Fumiko Orikasa (Japanese); Stephanie Sheh (English) Development Director Hiroya Hatsushiba stated: For the localization, the game's text was proofread by the Frédéric Chopin Society in Warsaw. The localization team wanted to be as historically accurate as possible, without losing the original message of the script. On April 23, 2007, the ESRB posted their rating for Eternal Sonata listing the game as being intended for release on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. However, when news of this quickly spread, the ESRB removed the listing entirely. On September 11, 2007, Bandai Namco's official site listed Eternal Sonata as coming soon to PlayStation 3, yet also listed the Xbox 360 version as being "available now". Again, as news quickly spread, the information was removed. The following day, scans from Famitsu were released, confirming the game as being released for the PlayStation 3. On September 14, 2007 Bandai Namco officially announced Eternal Sonata was coming to the PlayStation 3, during Spring 2008 in Japan. As Namco Bandai had stated, there are features exclusive for the PlayStation 3 version. This includes new playable characters, Crescendo and Serenade, who played a major role in the plot of the game, but were not playable in the Xbox 360 version. It will also include a new clothing system, in which the player can freely change a few characters' costumes, specifically those of Allegretto, Beat and Polka – the three characters that are controllable in the field at various points in the game. The other extras are the two dungeons, Lament Mirror and Church of EZI, the former of which is compulsory. Eternal Sonata features a large soundtrack, mostly composed by Motoi Sakuraba, with seven of Chopin's compositions performed by Russian pianist Stanislav Bunin and presented in 5.1 surround sound. Featured music of Chopin's include Étude Op. 10, No. 12, Étude Op. 10, No. 3 and Polonaise Op. 53. A Japanese aria composed by Sakuraba titled is also performed by Akiko Shinada for the soundtrack. The game's background music was released in Japan as the four-disc album on July 25, 2007 under the King Records label. Manga A manga adaptation of Eternal Sonata was drawn by Mimei Kuroi and published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Comics comic imprint, and the chapters were collected into a single tankōbon on September 27, 2008. While it deviates from the game's story drastically, it does reach the same conclusion; in addition, Viola, Falsetto and Claves do not appear at any point in the manga due to the condensation of the altered story, and the roles of Salsa and March are greatly reduced, with the two appearing only briefly and not joining the party. Reception Anticipation for the game seemed high prior to release, with the game having reached number four in Amazon Japan video game pre-orders not long after a demo was made available on the Japanese Marketplace, and even number one on Amazon Japan's video game charts not long before the game's release. Famitsu rated the game 9/9/9/8, for a total score of 35/40. During its release week, the Xbox 360 version the game reached second place on the Japanese sales charts at 49,334 copies. The following week, it had dropped to 35th. The PlayStation 3 version debuted on Japanese sales charts at number four with around 34,000 copies sold. Famitsu reported that year-end Japanese sales of the game reached about 70,435 copies on the Xbox 360 in 2007 and 53,314 copies on the PlayStation 3 in 2008. At E3 2007, it won GameTrailers award for Best Role-Playing Game and IGN award for Best Original Score on Xbox 360, and was a runner-up in Best RPG, Best Artistic Design on Xbox 360 and Best Use Of Sound on Xbox 360. In 2007, Eternal Sonata was nominated for Spike Video Game Awards for Best RPG, but lost to Mass Effect. The Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences named Eternal Sonata as one of the nominees for 2007 "Roleplaying Game of the Year", but eventually lost to Mass Effect. In Europe and the U.S., it received many high reviews. GameRankings gave the PlayStation 3 version an average aggregate score of 82% based on 28 reviews, and the Xbox 360 version 80% based on 59 reviews. Metacritic gave the PlayStation 3 version an average aggregate score of 80/100 based on 34 reviews, and the Xbox 360 version 79/100 based on 56 reviews. GameSpot gave it an 8.5 out of 10, praising its magnificent visual design, stunning musical score, inventive battle system and great cast; though it admitted that the story is completely linear. IGN gave the Xbox 360 version an 8.3 out of 10, claiming that it had some of the best visuals on the 360 and had great combat. They also stated that "the soundtrack is astounding" and claimed the story did a great job of educating the player about Frédéric Chopin. However, the game was criticized for its linearity and for the lack of exploration. IGN gave the PlayStation 3 version a higher 8.7 out of 10 and the Editor's Choice Award, with praise for its extension of the storyline, the inclusion of new playable characters, and the inclusion of other extras, such as new dungeons and customizable characters. X-Play gave the game a 3 out of 5 praising the combat, soundtrack and visuals but complained that there were too many mini games, a poor story and too many role-playing video game clichés. Johansen Quijano-Cruz of Eludamos: Journal for Computer Game Culture reviewed the game from an artistic and literary perspective, praising it as an excellent role-playing game, particularly for the social criticism conveyed by its storyline. He regards it as a primary example of a video game that "makes powerful statements about the society in which we live" and "incorporates, analyzes, interprets, and offers critical commentary of certain aspects of society". References External links Sonata form Official Japanese website Official Japanese website for the PlayStation 3 version Official North American website 2007 video games Cooperative video games Dengeki Comics Video games based on real people Cultural depictions of Frédéric Chopin Bandai Namco games PlayStation 3 games Fantasy video games Role-playing video games Shōnen manga Tri-Crescendo games Video games scored by Motoi Sakuraba Video games developed in Japan Video games featuring female protagonists Video games with cel-shaded animation Xbox 360 games Works about pianos and pianists Multiplayer and single-player video games
A home page is the main web page of a website. The term also refers to one or more pages always shown in a web browser when the application starts up. Home Page or home page may also refer to: A web server directory index Personal web page, a web page (or a whole site) created by an individual with content of a personal nature Home Page (film), a 1999 documentary on weblogs Home Page (TV series), a Canadian television show IBM Home Page Reader, a computer program Women's page of a newspaper See also Front page (disambiguation)
Point of No Return was a Broadway play starring Henry Fonda and Frances Bavier. It was written by Paul Osborn, based on the novel of the same name by John P. Marquand. Prior to its Broadway opening, Point of No Return had its world premiere in New Haven on 29 October 1951. It then moved to the Colonial Theatre in Boston for three weeks beginning 6 November 1951 and then two weeks at the Forrest Theatre in Philadelphia beginning 29 November 1951. Point of No Return ran at the Alvin theater (now the Neil Simon Theatre) from 13 December 1951 – 22 November 1952. References Internet Broadway Database Broadway plays 1951 plays Plays based on novels
Yew Chung International School (YCIS, ), is a private international school in Hong Kong for boys and girls ages 6 months to 18 years (Infant & Toddler to Year 13). The campuses are located in Kowloon Tong and Kowloon City District. YCIS educates children from Kindergarten to Secondary. YCIS is operated by Yew Chung Education Foundation. At YCIS, they support learning through Chinese and English as well as French and Spanish (as an additional language). Origins and history Yew Chung was founded in 1932. Originally specializing in early childhood education, Yew Chung International School Hong Kong (YCIS) now provides international education from early childhood through primary school education and secondary school education. YCIS Hong Kong is part of a network of schools that includes Shanghai, Beijing, Chongqing, and Qingdao in China, and Silicon Valley in the United States. They now provide international education. Quick facts YCIS Hong Kong offers IGCSE, YCIS and IB curriculum based on the National Curriculum for England (NCE) with a bilingual focus on English and Chinese language acquisition. Students at YCIS Hong Kong learn to read, write, and speak fluent Mandarin Chinese through curricula tailored for both native and non-native speakers. Secondary School students at YCIS Hong Kong study IGCSE and the IB Diploma Programme. YCIS Hong Kong curriculum in Years 1-3 includes professional violin lessons taught by highly trained, world class violinists aimed at both instilling a lifelong love of music as well as greater confidence onstage. The school has hired many of these musicians, such as Ms Bae. YCIS Hong Kong offers a common Pre-IB course, identical to Year 11, for new students seeking to prepare for the IB Diploma Programme. YCIS Hong Kong is registered as a non-profit organization. Timeline 1932 - Yew Chung is founded. 1990s - Primary and secondary schools officially open. 1990s - YCIS pioneers the co-teaching method. 2000 - YCIS Hong Kong becomes the first international school in Hong Kong to have IB graduates. 2008 - YCIS Hong Kong joins the network to raise funds for the victims of Sichuan. 2010 - Yew Chung's Director, Dr. Betty Chan, receives an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Illinois, US. 2011 - YCIS launches network charity, Seeds of Hope. 2015 - Yew Chung's Director, Dr. Betty Chan, receives an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Laws from the University of Bath, UK. 2015 - YCIS Hong Kong Secondary is accredited by the Council of International Schools (CIS) Notable alumni Chu Ka Mong, fencer William Chan, singer and actor Jared Sean Gallagher, professional footballer Accreditation and authorisation Council of International Schools (CIS) International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme (IBDP) A member of Association of China and Mongolia International Schools (ACAMIS) References Network of schools Yew Chung International School of Hong Kong Yew Chung International School of Beijing Yew Chung International School of Shanghai Yew Chung International School of Chongqing Yew Chung International School of Qingdao Yew Chung International School of Silicon Valley External links Yew Chung International School of Hong Kong 1932 establishments in Hong Kong Educational institutions established in 1932 International schools in Hong Kong International Baccalaureate schools in Hong Kong Kowloon Tong
MotionDSP is a Burlingame, California-based company making real-time, GPU-accelerated image processing software for Full Motion Video (FMV) and Wide Area Motion Imagery (WAMI). MotionDSP's “Ikena” family of Windows-based products improve the quality of video from ISR platforms, as well as a variety of video formats such as mobile phones and security cameras (CCTV). "Ikena ISR" is designed for real-time FMV applications (military and homeland security markets), and "Ikena" is designed for forensic video enhancement applications (law enforcement and commercial security markets). MotionDSP's solutions support operational deployments within the US Department of Defense and National Intelligence agencies, and its customers also include the US Air Force, Navy, and some of the world's leading video forensic labs such as the US Secret Service, NCIS, and the London Metropolitan Police (Scotland Yard). On February 22, 2018, Cubic Corporation announced its acquisition of MotionDSP. References External links Wall Street Journal article Video interview with MotionDSP CEO on This Week in Defense News New York Times Article on MotionDSP MotionDSP's Company website Press Release Announcing the NVIDIA Partnership MIT Technology Review article on MotionDSP Film and video technology
Xpax, launched in 2004, is Celcom Axiata Berhad’s line of prepaid mobile plan. As of December 2017, it served over 6.72 million subscribers, it comprises the majority of Celcom’s 9.56 million total subscriber base Services Xpax offers prepaid and mobile internet plans through the Celcom network. It is the first prepaid service to offer 4G LTE connectivity in Malaysia. Brand Xpax features two sub-brands. S.O.X. (School of X) is aimed at school children and teens aged 13–17 years. U.O.X. (University of X) is aimed at university and college students aged 17–23 years. Since 2013, the brand has employed the tagline “Got 4G LTE Time!”. References External links Celcom Xpax 2004 establishments in Malaysia Celcom
KLNM-LD (channel 42) is a low-power television station in Lufkin, Texas, United States, affiliated with the 24/7 headline news service NewsNet. The station is owned by Miller Media. On June 12, 2009, the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations ended. KLNM-LP was not affected by this mandate since it is a low-power station; however, the FCC listed a construction permit for a low-power digital signal. In March 2010, KLNM began broadcasting a digital format on its America One network feed and TBN Enlace feed. In April 2011, KLNM began broadcasting on SuddenLink Communications on Channel 16 in Lufkin and Nacogdoches, offering local programming and a national feed. On February 1, 2015, KLNM entered into a contractual agreement with Dash Media, providing 24/7 affiliate feed to the Lufkin-Nacogdoches area via KLNM 42.2. In an effort to increase viewers to its primetime format, 42.1 will also run movies and primetime feed from Dash Media along with its local content and locally produced shows. In February 2023, Miller Media entered into annual agreements with Get After it TV, formerly Luken Communications with affiliate channels , Revn, Family Channel, and Retro Tv. Channel assignment Ch.1 is Westerns 4u, a classic westerns movie channel Technical information References External links Television stations in Texas Low-power television stations in Texas Television channels and stations established in 1996 1996 establishments in Texas
Heavy (stylized, heavy.) is a news website based in New York City. It operates through its flagship website, Heavy.com, and Spanish-language platform, AhoraMismo.com. The website publishes sports news and about trending topics and people. History Heavy.com was founded by Simon Assaad and David Carson in 1999 as a video-focused entertainment site aimed primarily at young men, debuting audiovisual pop culture phenomena like the Kung Faux series. Assaad and Carson said they modeled the highly interactive site on video games. Assaad continues to serve as CEO, and Aaron Nobel is the editor in chief. Content Heavy.com primarily aggregates news on sports and trending topics. The Wall Street Journals editorial board cited Heavy.com in an August 2019 story on the mass shooter in Dayton, Ohio, as having "gained access to Connor Betts' Twitter account before it was taken down". Slate cited the website's story on the Quebec City mosque shooting as one of the first to be published in English. Heavy.com uses information from original sources whenever possible. When citing information from other sources, their reporters must clearly cite them and hyperlink to the original source. References External links Internet properties established in 1999 American news websites American companies established in 1999 1999 establishments in New York (state)
In computing, hardware-assisted virtualization is a platform virtualization approach that enables efficient full virtualization using help from hardware capabilities, primarily from the host processors. A full virtualization is used to emulate a complete hardware environment, or virtual machine, in which an unmodified guest operating system (using the same instruction set as the host machine) effectively executes in complete isolation. Hardware-assisted virtualization was added to x86 processors (Intel VT-x, AMD-V or VIA VT) in 2005, 2006 and 2010 (respectively). Hardware-assisted virtualization is also known as accelerated virtualization; Xen calls it hardware virtual machine (HVM), and Virtual Iron calls it native virtualization. History Hardware-assisted virtualization first appeared on the IBM System/370 in 1972, for use with VM/370, the first virtual machine operating system. With the increasing demand for high-definition computer graphics (e.g. CAD), virtualization of mainframes lost some attention in the late 1970s, when the upcoming minicomputers fostered resource allocation through distributed computing, encompassing the commoditization of microcomputers. IBM offers hardware virtualization for its IBM Power Systems hardware for AIX, Linux and IBM i, and for its IBM Z mainframes. IBM refers to its specific form of hardware virtualization as "logical partition", or more commonly as LPAR. The increase in compute capacity per x86 server (and in particular the substantial increase in modern networks' bandwidths) rekindled interest in data-center based computing which is based on virtualization techniques. The primary driver was the potential for server consolidation: virtualization allowed a single server to cost-efficiently consolidate compute power on multiple underutilized dedicated servers. The most visible hallmark of a return to the roots of computing is cloud computing, which is a synonym for data center based computing (or mainframe-like computing) through high bandwidth networks. It is closely connected to virtualization. The initial implementation x86 architecture did not meet the Popek and Goldberg virtualization requirements to achieve "classical virtualization": equivalence: a program running under the virtual machine monitor (VMM) should exhibit a behavior essentially identical to that demonstrated when running on an equivalent machine directly resource control (also called safety): the VMM must be in complete control of the virtualized resources efficiency: a statistically dominant fraction of machine instructions must be executed without VMM intervention This made it difficult to implement a virtual machine monitor for this type of processor. Specific limitations included the inability to trap on some privileged instructions. To compensate for these architectural limitations, designers have accomplished virtualization of the x86 architecture through two methods: full virtualization or paravirtualization. Both create the illusion of physical hardware to achieve the goal of operating system independence from the hardware but present some trade-offs in performance and complexity. Full virtualization was implemented in first-generation x86 VMMs. It relies on binary translation to trap and virtualize the execution of certain sensitive, non-virtualizable instructions. With this approach, critical instructions are discovered (statically or dynamically at run-time) and replaced with traps into the VMM to be emulated in software. Binary translation can incur a large performance overhead in comparison to a virtual machine running on natively virtualized architectures such as the IBM System/370. VirtualBox, VMware Workstation (for 32-bit guests only), and Microsoft Virtual PC, are well-known commercial implementations of full virtualization. Paravirtualization is a technique in which the hypervisor provides an API and the OS of the guest virtual machine calls that API, requiring OS modifications. In 2005 and 2006, Intel and AMD (working independently) created new processor extensions to the x86 architecture called Intel VT-x and AMD-V, respectively. On the Itanium architecture, hardware-assisted virtualization is known as VT-i. The first generation of x86 processors to support these extensions were released in late 2005 early 2006: On November 13, 2005, Intel released two models of Pentium 4 (Model 662 and 672) as the first Intel processors to support VT-x. On May 23, 2006, AMD released the Athlon 64 ("Orleans"), the Athlon 64 X2 ("Windsor") and the Athlon 64 FX ("Windsor") as the first AMD processors to support this technology. Well-known implementations of hardware-assisted x86 virtualization include VMware Workstation (for 64-bit guests only), XenCenter, Xen 3.x (including derivatives like Virtual Iron), Linux KVM and Microsoft Hyper-V. Advantages Hardware-assisted virtualization reduces the maintenance overhead of paravirtualization as it reduces (ideally, eliminates) the changes needed in the guest operating system. It is also considerably easier to obtain better performance. A practical benefit of hardware-assisted virtualization has been cited by VMware engineers and Virtual Iron. Disadvantages Hardware-assisted virtualization requires explicit support in the host CPU, which is not available on all x86/x86_64 processors. A "pure" hardware-assisted virtualization approach, using entirely unmodified guest operating systems, involves many VM traps, and thus high CPU overheads, limiting scalability and the efficiency of server consolidation. This performance hit can be mitigated by the use of paravirtualized drivers; the combination has been called "hybrid virtualization". In 2006 first-generation 32- and 64-bit x86 hardware support was found rarely to offer performance advantages over software virtualization. See also Intel VT-d Further refinements of hardware-assisted virtualization are possible using an IOMMU; this allows native-speed access to dedicated hardware from a guest operating system, including DMA-capable hardware Second Level Address Translation (SLAT), implementations including Rapid Virtualization Indexing or Extended Page Tables Other virtualization techniques include operating system-level virtualization, as practiced by Parallels Virtuozzo Containers, and application virtualization. Nanokernel Hardware emulation Emulator JTAG Background Debug Mode interface In-circuit emulator References Further reading Hardware virtualization
is a 2005 multimedia franchise developed and published by Square Enix. It was created by Yusuke Naora and split between three projects; the manga Code Age Archives, the mobile role-playing video game Code Age Brawls, and the PlayStation 2 action role-playing game Code Age Commanders. Code Age uses a science fiction setting on the inner surface of a hollow world similar to a Dyson sphere. The narratives revolve around an apocalyptic threat to civilization, with the protagonists gaining powers from absorbing monsters dubbed the Otellos. The concept for Code Age was created in 2002, being adopted into Square Enix's "polymorphic content" strategy of producing series across multiple platforms and media. The development team behind the project went under the name "Warhead". Naora led production and created the story for the series, Toshiyuki Itahana designed the characters and directed Commanders, and Kumi Tanioka composed the music for Commanders and Brawls. The manga was created by Aya Kyu under Warhead's supervision, with Naora designing the characters. The manga Archives was serialised Monthly Shōnen Gangan from 2005 to 2006. The console game Commanders was planned for a Western release, but this was cancelled after the translation had been completed. The mobile entry Brawls operated for less than a year before closing down in September 2006. Reception of Commanders and Brawls was generally positive from Western critics, though Commanders met with low sales in Japan. The Code Age project was also noted for its ambitious multimedia approach at the time. Overview Code Age is a multimedia franchise developed and published by Japanese company Square Enix. The franchise, created by artist Yusuke Naora, is divided between three projects; Code Age Archives, Code Age Brawls, and Code Age Commanders. While the three Code Age projects are different genres and media, all share the same science fiction-themed universe, taking place over a prolonged span of time. Each project was abbreviated using a lettering formula; "CAA" stood for Archives, "CAB" for Brawls, and "CAC" for Commanders. The series takes place inside an , a fictional hollow world similar to a Dyson sphere, with people living on its internal surface; at the sphere's center is the Central Code, a structure which resets the world every ten thousand years by wiping out the current civilization in an event called the Reborn. In an attempt to survive the next Reborn, its residents construct Arks around the Central Code. The plan fails as the Arks are struck out of orbit, and the population is attacked by Otellos, a species that mutates people into mindless Coded. Ark survivors can absorb Coded, transforming into powerful warriors dubbed Warheads. Survivors splinter into factions, some fighting each other and others hiding underground. The narrative of each property is standalone, but also ties into the storylines of the other Code Age projects. Recurring characters across the different media include Gene, a protagonist from Commanders; and R, who appears in Brawls and acts as a central antagonist in Archives. Code Age Archives Code Age Archive: Saigo ni Ochite Kita Shōjo is a manga that follows Thayne and Nico, high school friends who survive the collapse of the Arks and are forced to survive the ruined world. It began serialization in Square Enix's Monthly Shōnen Gangan magazine on February 12 2005, with the first issue incorporating full color panels. The final issue was published on February 10, 2006. A prequel chapter was released as a pre-order bonus for Commanders bundled with the first issue in color. The manga was released in three volumes by Square Enix on July 22 and October 12, 2005, and March 22, 2006. Code Age Brawls Code Age Brawls: Futatsu no Kodō is a role-playing video game released for mobile phones. It released five episodes between December 15, 2005 and July 3, 2006. The game follows Lost L, a survivor transformed into an incomplete Warhead and forced to consume other Warheads to survive. Gameplay has the character going through an episodic narrative and fighting in command-based battles, with multiplayer allowing different players to fight each other. Western previews of the game's pre-release demo gave praised to its graphics, while a Japanese review at release praised the combat while faulting frequent server connection issues during multiplayer matches. Code Age Commanders Code Age Commanders: Tsugu Mono Tsugareru Mono is an action role-playing game released for the PlayStation 2 on October 13, 2005. Taking the role of multiple characters in the aftermath of the Reborn, the player navigates missions fighting opponents in real-time combat, evolving their character over the course of the game and using skills which are inherited by each playable character in turn. Reception to Commanders was positive overall, with many citing its gameplay as enjoyable despite a lack of depth, and praise was given to its story and art design. History Naora created the concept for Code Age in 2002 as a contrast to his work on Final Fantasy and SaGa; a world which could play host to multiple stories. He created the concept prior to the 2003 merger of Square with Enix to become Square Enix. Following the merger, Code Age was adopted into Square Enix's plan for "polymorphic content", a marketing and sales strategy to "[provide] well-known properties on several platforms, allowing exposure of the products to as wide an audience as possible"; this approach included Compilation of Final Fantasy VII and the World of Mana. Naora's original concept was for the two video games Commanders and Brawls due to Square's focus on gaming, creating the manga Archives following the merger as Enix had a manga publishing division. While an anime would have been a more traditional media expansion, Naora wanted to avoid assumptions that the games were an anime spin-off. While he felt pressure from Square Enix's management due to the project's ambition, he felt greater pressure finding the right staff for each project. Each of the Code Age titles was developed or overseen by "Warhead", a development body created by Naora to manage the franchise. The "Warhead" team was notable as it was led by artists rather than traditional game developers. Naora acted as producer and supervisor for the Code Age projects, in addition to creating concept artwork. The development team for Commanders featured many of the same staff as Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles. Toshiyuki Itahana created the lead character designs for Commanders and Brawls; he also directed Commanders, with the game being his debut as a director. The music for the two game properties was composed by Kumi Tanioka. The manga was illustrated by Aya Kyu, a then-new artist who would later create the manga adaptation of Persona 4 Arena. The narrative theme of Code Age how people react and behave when terrible events happen around them; he was inspired by a phenomenon he saw of people having detached attitudes to car accidents and natural disasters not experienced in person. The design of the lead characters focused on their hair first, and incorporated contemporary references into their clothing design. The gameplay design of Commanders, particularly its customization system, was intended to appeal to a Western audience. For Brawls, the development team wanted to expand upon the multiplayer communication system used for Before Crisis: Final Fantasy VII. Naora created the character designs for Archives, with CGI artwork from the other Code Age projects being incorporated into the manga. The comic was created on a PC computer, turning CGI illustrations of the characters into the manga art, then adding in backgrounds and speech bubbles. Naora commented that particular attention was paid to the art as many of the series leads were artists themselves. Trademarks for the Code Age properties were registered in March 2004. Commanders and Archives were announced first, with the announcement of Brawls coinciding with Square Enix showing the franchise off with a trailer at a press conference prior to E3 2005. Naora and the team were concerned about releasing Commanders outside Japan as it would coincide with the release window of the PlayStation 3. He also said that further Code Age projects would depend on public reception of Commanders and Brawls. Both Commanders and Brawls were scheduled for a 2006 release in North America, but ultimately none of the Code Age franchise was released outside Japan. Brawls was shut down on September 30, 2006. Square Enix confirmed the following year that the Code Age titles would not be published by them overseas. Localization staff member Christopher "Koji" Fox, who later notably worked on Final Fantasy XIV, had completed the translation of Commanders before Square Enix cancelled its localization. Reception Code Age Commanders sold 37,000 units in its first week of release in Japan, a strong start for a new franchise; debuting at number two in the game sales charts. It sold over 61,000 copies in Japan by the end of 2005. Ultimately RPGFan attributed the localization's cancellation on both low sales and poor reception in Japan. Julian Aiden of Hardcore Gamer noted Square Enix's ambition in attempting to launch multiple linked projects in this way despite its ultimate failure. Play Magazines Nick DesBarres noted that the involved nature of the Code Age project and complexities of releasing all three properties at once impeded any chances of localization. Similarly, Siliconeras Spencer Yip negatively felt that the series's multimedia status made importing Commanders less appealing due to the missing story context. References Video game franchises introduced in 2005 Post-apocalyptic video games Square Enix franchises Transmedia storytelling Video game franchises
Die Hard: Nakatomi Plaza is a first-person shooter video game developed by Piranha Games and published by Fox Interactive alongside Vivendi Universal Games and its subsidiary Sierra Entertainment exclusively for Microsoft Windows. The game originally used a modified Build engine, later the GoldSrc engine, before it was finally moved to the Lithtech engine. The game features the voice of Reginald VelJohnson, reprising his role as Al Powell. Premise The game consists mainly of recreations of events from the first Die Hard film in the form of a first-person shooter; however, there are additional elements that are exclusive to the game. Players assume the role of John McClane, attempting to thwart the terrorist attack at Nakatomi Plaza. The levels are based on the sets from the film, and the various action scenes from the film have also been recreated. The game expands on the film's plot, adding a few missions that did not occur in the film, such as escorting a SWAT team around the office building and saving various hostages on several floors. The game features standard first-person shooter gameplay. There are five different types of firearms, as well as other items, such as a Zippo lighter and a Motorola radio, that can be used to accomplish various tasks. Reception The game received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Notes References External links 2002 video games Christmas video games Windows games Windows-only games Nakatomi Plaza First-person shooters Fox Interactive games Sierra Entertainment games Video games developed in Canada LithTech games Video games about police officers Video games scored by Guy Whitmore Video games set in Los Angeles Video games about terrorism Single-player video games Piranha Games games
Brooktree was an American company founded in 1983 by Henry Katzenstein to commercialize a faster hardware architecture for digital to analog converters, three to eight times faster than the converters then on the market. The company was bought out by Rockwell Semiconductor in 1996, which became Conexant () in 1998. Brooktree's best-known products included IC chipsets such as the Bt8x8 family. These were frequently used in TV tuner cards. See also Video capture card Hauppauge Computer Works References Electronics companies of the United States Companies established in 1983 Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq 1983 establishments in the United States
Talkshow with Spike Feresten was an American late-night talk show television program on Fox starring Spike Feresten that aired from September 16, 2006 to May 16, 2009. It was the longest-running late night talk show in Fox's history, with three seasons. History The show debuted on September 16, 2006 with guests Andy Richter and Arctic Monkeys. On May 7, 2007 the show was renewed for a second season, making it the longest-running talk show on Fox. Episodes See also List of late night network TV programs References External links 2006 American television series debuts 2009 American television series endings 2000s American late-night television series 2000s American television talk shows English-language television shows Fox late-night programming Television series by 20th Century Fox Television
Si*Sé is the self-titled debut album by Si*Sé. Track listing "Slip Away" - 4:16 "The Rain (Where do I begin)" - 4:33 (Cover of "Rain" by Oran "Juice" Jones ) "My Sol" - 3:18 "Bizcocho Amargo" - 4:19 "Steppin' Out" - 3:20 "Burbuja" - 3:43 "Aire" - 6:13 "Beyond Outside" - 4:47 "Dolemite" - 5:33 "Cuando" - 4:30 "Sonrisa" - 4:40 "I Want You To..." - 6:03 "Lullaby" - 0:35 Production notes Carol C.: Vocals & Lyrics U.F. Low: Keys & Programming Ryan Farley: Drums Morgan Phillips: Bass Jeannie Oliver: Strings Mike Tuosto, Mike Mangini and Zeb (The Spy from Cairo): Guitars Gordon "Nappy G" Clay: Percussion Produced by U.F. Low & Carol C Recorded by Mike Mangini & Mike Tuosto Engineered by Mike Mangini Illustrations by Kimou Meyer 2001 debut albums Luaka Bop albums Si*Sé albums Albums produced by David Byrne
Centre Court Tennis is a tennis game for the Nintendo 64 released in 1999 in Europe. It was released under the name in Japan in 1998. Famitsu rated it 27/40. X64 Magazine rated it 80% and Consoles + rated it 89%. 64Power/Big.N magazine rated it 87% and TOTAL! magazine rated it 3. N64 Magazine rated it 67%. References 1998 video games Tennis video games Multiplayer and single-player video games Video games scored by Hayato Matsuo
Mondi sommersi is the seventh studio album from Italian rock band Litfiba. It is the fourth chapter of the "Tetralogy of elements". It is dedicated to water. Track listing "Ritmo" – 4:13 "Imparerò" – 3:27 "Regina di Cuori" – 4:05 "Goccia a goccia" – 4:42 "Si può" – 4:34 "Ritmo #2" – 4:34 "L’esercito delle forchette" – 5:12 "Sparami" – 4:38 "Apri le tue porte" – 4:12 "Dottor M" – 5:05 "In fondo alla boccia" – 3:43 Personnel Piero Pelù – vocals Daniele Bagni – bass Ghigo Renzulli – guitars Franco Caforio – drums Candelo Cabezas – percussions Roberto Terzani – programming Produced by Ghigo Renzulli, Piero Pelù, Richard Guy External links Litfiba albums 1997 albums EMI Records albums Italian-language albums
Rede Bandeirantes (, Bandeirantes Network), or simply known as Band (), is a Brazilian free-to-air television network. It began broadcasting on May 13, 1967 on VHF channel 13 in São Paulo. Its founder was businessman João Saad with the help of his father-in-law and former São Paulo governor Adhemar de Barros. In terms of audience and revenue, it is currently the fourth largest Brazilian television network. It broadcasts throughout Brazil through its owned-and-operated stations and affiliates. It also has a series of pay TV channels and it broadcasts internationally via Band Internacional. It was the first station to have all of its programming in color in 1972, and it was also the first to broadcast via satellite, being the pioneer network in the use of exclusive satellite channels for its simulcasts throughout Brazil in 1982. In 1990, when it was called Bandeirantes, the station changed the name to simply "Ban". However, due to the fact that the public was not pleased with this change, it was turned back to "Bandeirantes". The first use of the name "Band" was during a broadcast of the carnival in 1995, and on the same occasion, it became the first Brazilian station to insert its logo on the corner of the screen, being the so-called "watermark". During the 1980s and 1990s, it became known as "the sports channel", due to the network broadcasting the most varied sports genres, under the influence of announcer Luciano do Valle, being the first to broadcast the NTT IndyCar Series, the NBA and the Italian and Spanish football championships. The journalistic coverage was another recognition of Band, in carrying out debates between political candidates on television. It became the second TV station to hold a debate for the Governor of São Paulo in 1982 and it was the first to carry out debates between political candidates for the Presidency in 1989. History Background In 1945, in São Paulo, businessman João Jorge Saad bought Rádio Bandeirantes from his father-in-law Ademar de Barros, which the then-governor of São Paulo had bought from its previous owner, Paulo Machado de Carvalho, the owner of Rádio Record and Emisoras Unidas. During the administration of President Getúlio Vargas, João Saad managed to obtain the concession of a television channel in São Paulo in the 1950s. During the Juscelino Kubitschek government, the concession was canceled and handed over to another businessman. However, Saad managed, at the time of the João Goulart government, to recover the TV station. In 1961 in Morumbi, work began on the Radiantes Building – a building specially built with the purpose of housing the most modern television studios in Latin America, and later nicknamed by employees as an "enchanted palace". The station's building, the first in the country to be designed to receive a TV, took about five years to build. Saad has postponed the start of operations several times: "It wasn't time yet... I only opened the station in '67, based on solid foundations", he said. With a transmission tower on Pico do Jaraguá, in February 1967, experimental broadcasts began, with slides, films and documentaries. Early years TV Bandeirantes officially started broadcasting regularly on May 13, 1967, with a speech by its founder, João Jorge Saad, followed by a concert by singers Agostinho dos Santos and Cláudia, who opened the broadcasts. The people present during that time were generally politicians, including President Costa e Silva, the governor of São Paulo Abreu Sodré, the mayor of São Paulo Faria Lima, and ministers and secretaries of state. A playground and a free circus for low-income families were set up in front of the station's headquarters. For two days, there were scavenger hunts and games, with the distribution of commemorative gifts and 5 houses were drawn for poor mothers. Bandeirantes has invested from the beginning in sports, films and journalism. For Saad, programming had to be "eclectic". According to him, you couldn't "raise the level of the programs too much, otherwise there won't be an audience". Initially, a novelty was tested in the programming grid, eliminating the inter-program intervals. In 1967, days after the opening, the first soap opera on the then TV Bandeirantes, Os Miseráveis, adapted by Walther Negrão and Chico de Assis, came on the air, with an innovation: chapters lasting 45 minutes. The first news program of the network was Holders News, a corresponding traditional program of Radio Bandeirantes. The program Ari Toledo Show stood out; Leporace Show, with Vicente Leporace; Cláudia Querida, with the singer; I Love Lúcio, music and humor show led by Lúcio Mauro and Arlete Salles; Além, Além do Além, a horror theater with Zé do Caixão. In a short time, the direction of the station was transferred to Gilberto Martins and Antonino Seabra. In 1968, the program Xênia e Vocêwas shown on the network at 3 pm, which remained on the network for years, and was presented by Xênia Bier. Also that year, TV Bandeirantes aired the Sítio do Picapau Amarelo at 6:30 pm, and at 7:30 pm, As Aventuras de Rin-tin-tin. 1969 fire On September 19, 1969, the station suffered a devastating fire, which destroyed its facilities. Most of the station's archives and equipment have been lost due to the fire. The slogan at the time was: "Bandeirantes will not stop". The fire that occurred in the Morumbi studios led to a rush to rent the Cine Arlequim, on Avenida Brigadeiro Luís Antônio, in São Paulo, which was named Teatro Bandeirantes. All TV Bandeirantes programming was generated from Cine Arlequim, which was quickly transformed into Teatro Bandeirantes. The fire in Bandeirantes was similar to those of Rede Globo, Rede Record and Rede Excelsior. All four fires occurred in less than a week , prompting authorities to attribute the four fires to acts of sabotage, under a single command. The TV Bandeirantes fire was the biggest of the four, with damage estimated to be around Cr$15 million. This fire lasted three and a half hours and the fire would have started, at the same time, in three different points. On the occasion, the Commander of the Second Army, General Canavarro Pereira, and Governor Abreu Sodréthey expressed the certainty that these incidents "are part of a terrorist plan" and called for the people's help to fight the extremists. Before this problem, João Saad would have been advised by a fortune teller to sell the station for foreseeing a fire. In an interview, he reportedly said that he did not believe because he thought she was serving a competitor. The network had three major seasons of production/exhibition of television drama. The first was in the first years of operation, from 1967 to 1970. During this period, in addition to the aforementioned Os Miseráveis, stories such as Era Necessidade Back and O Bolha were produced. 1970s Sports programming and color broadcasting In 1970, the network broadcast the 1970 FIFA World Cup, the first live sports broadcast in Brazil. The station participated in a transmission pool organized by the Federal Government, in which Rede Globo, Rede Tupi and REI also participated. The first color broadcasts were in 1972 with the display of the Grape Festival in Caxias do Sul. Bandeirantes participated in the group of stations that aired the event, from video generated by TV Difusora, from Porto Alegre, which was purchased on June 30, 1980 by Grupo Bandeirantes, transforming it into TV Bandeirantes Rio Grande do Sul. Although the station was still operating amid the losses caused by the 1969 fire, the transmission was made thanks to equipment imported from Germany. During that same year, Band became the first broadcaster in Brazil to produce all of its programming in color. The slogan "Bandeirantes: the colorful image of São Paulo" was launched for the occasion, which featured a Peacock, inspired by NBC's Laramie Peacock as a nod to NBC's partnership with the network. New, popular shows In 1973, the program Japan Pop Show premiered, presented by the Japanese-Brazilian couple Suzana Matsuda and Nelson Matsuda. It was exhibited on Sundays and followed the same format as Rede Tupi's Images from Japan. On June 16, 1974, one of the most popular and long-lived programs in Brazil debuted on Saturday afternoons on the network: Clube do Bolinha, presented by Édson Cury, widely known as "Bolinha". The program remained on air until May 7, 1994. On August 12, 1974, the new Teatro Bandeirantes was inaugurated, in a great show that brought together Elis Regina, Chico Buarque, Maria Bethânia, Tim Maia and Rita Lee. The transition to a national network In 1975, Bandeirantes began to become a national television network with the purchase of TV Vila Rica, which became TV Bandeirantes Minas. On July 7, 1977, at 7 pm, TV Bandeirantes arrived in Rio de Janeiro on channel 7, after the purchase of TV Guanabara. In the same year, the stations comprising Rede Amazônica also became part of the newly created network. New shows In 1977, presenter Hebe Camargo started to present her program on Sunday nights and marked her return to television after 4 years being solely dedicated to radio, which had a familiar model with interviews, musicals and information. The most memorable moments of the program were the interview with Chico Xavier and when Hebe threw her microphone on the floor in the middle of the live broadcast of the program and complained about the station. She demanded better treatment from the channel and more resources, such as new sets, more people in the production and musicians in the orchestra, who promised to serve her. In 1986, the presenter left the station and signed with SBT. 1980s The expansion of news programming In the early 1980s, Jornal Bandeirantes (currently known as Jornal da Band) was presented by Ferreira Martins and Joelmir Beting, with comments by Newton Carlos on international issues. Ronaldo Rosas presented the news from Rio de Janeiro. At that time, Rede Bandeirantes also aired Canal Livre, whose history was confused with the political opening that was taking place during the military dictatorship. Initially presented by Roberto D'Ávila and directed by Fernando Barbosa Lima, it was seen as a way for the network to show a more critical journalism, a fact that still occurs today. National expansion Keeping the expansion and qualification of the network's signal, one more channel came on the air, TV Bandeirantes Bahia, on April 11, 1981 on VHF channel 7. The channel also gained its first affiliates in the Northeast Region, including TV Uirapuru from Fortaleza in 1979, TV Atalaia from Aracaju in 1980, and TV Ribamar from São Luís in 1981. Until then, TV Bandeirantes already had more than 24 stations spread across Brazil. Management changes and more new shows In 1981, the network hired Walter Clark Bueno as programming general director, who was one of those responsible for Rede Globo's success in the 1960s and 1970s. Clark was a pioneer of Brazilian television when he created the concept of fixed programming schedules, and he came trying to repeat this success on the São Paulo station. He created programs such as the news program O Repórter, presented at lunchtime, by William Bonner, César Filho and Ângela Rodrigues Alves. At the end of the night, the program Etc, by Ziraldo (where a historic interview with Hélder Câmara was made) was highlighted . An innovative attempt was the program Variety 90 Minutos, presented at night by Paulo César Pereio and his then wife, actress Cissa Guimarães. Between 1981 and 1984, actor Ewerton de Castro ran a talk show, where people signed up to participate in a memory game and distributed various prizes. There was a special program that brought together the biggest winners of that show to meet the biggest memory champion. During this period, director and producer Roberto Talma forms a brief partnership with Bandeirantes in order to produce new musical and cultural projects for the group, and it is at this time of renewal that Talma takes the presenters Oliveira Filho and Vera Lúcia to Bandeirantes to lead a new format of country music program Rincão Brasileiro, which initially in its pilot phase was initially produced in the studio, later going on to be fully recorded in external locations and in different regions of Brazil. The Rincão Brasileiro Program was responsible for introducing Brazil to a new concept of making country music, revealing several names in music such as Sula Miranda, Jayne, Zezé de Camargo, Leandro e Leonardo, Daniel, César and Paulinho, among so many names, the Rincão Brasileiro together with the Clube do Bolinha Program, were for several consecutive years the main musical programs in Brazil. Rincão Brasileiro remained on the air on Bandeirantes until the early 1990s, going to other stations and later returning to the Bandeirantes grid in some regions. The program remained on air until 2014 on other stations. In August 1982, the telenovela Renunciation, based on the work of Chico Xavier, with Fúlvio Stefanini and Georgia Gomide, appeared. With the total failure in the audience, the station decides to take the telenovela off the air with only 12 days of airing, taking advantage of the entry of the political timetable, which at the time lasted more than an hour. On September 29, 1982, commemorating the fact of becoming the first television network in South America to broadcast via satellite, TV Bandeirantes changed the logo and visual programming, prepared by Cyro Del Nero, who came from the former Rede Tupi. In the same year, the station was a pioneer in promoting the country's first electoral debate in 1982, maintaining the tradition of promoting the first electoral debate every two years, until 2000. In 1983, Bandeirantes took advantage of TV Globo's premature end of the soap opera Sol de Verão, due to the death of actor Jardel Filho, having to rerun the soap opera O Casarão (while Gilberto Braga was quickly preparing the soap Louco Amor) to try to attract viewers with the soap opera Sabor de Mel, by Jorge Andrade, starring Sandra Bréa and Raul Cortez. The telenovela had a differential: a contest for anyone to unravel a puzzle proposed in the first chapters. However, the author of the novel had a falling out with director Roberto Talma resigned, never revealing the answer to the riddle. Flávio Cavalcanti became the channel's biggest investment in the early 1980s, with his daily show Boa Noite Brasil. One of the most memorable moments of the program happened when singer Angela Ro Ro left the studios in the middle of a live interview, for not accepting Cidinha Campos' questions about her homosexuality and supposed aggressiveness. After Flávio moved to SBT, where he ended his career, the Bandeirantes' nights were handed over, among others, to J. Silvestre, with the Show sem Limite and the These Wonderful Women. Before going to TV Globo, right after leaving Rede Tupi, Chacrinhait had its programs Buzina do Chacrinha and Discoteca do Chacrinha on Tuesday nights and Saturday afternoons, respectively. A record-breaking program In 1983, the sports program Show do Esporte, which was considered the longest television program in the world, went on air for 10 hours straight on Sundays, from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm. Created, presented and coordinated by the announcer Luciano do Valle after his time at Rede Record; the remaining cast include Elia Júnior, Juarez Soares, Elys Marina, Silvia Vinhas, José Luiz Datena, Jota Júnior and others. It was one of the network's most successful shows, and one of the factors that earned it the nickname "sports channel" in the 1990s. by the Ferreira Neto Program , a chat with politicians. He always started the program talking, on a red telephone, with a fictional friend named Léo, using this device to comment on the facts of the day. The Olympics, Diretas Já and more news programs During 1984, the network was able to stand out in the Diretas Já movement that swept throughout Brazil. That same year, it covered the Summer Olympics for the first time, broadcasting 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. The program Brasil Urgente also began, which is a debate program presented by Antonio Carvalho. The morning schedule was filled with the program Ela, initially presented by Baby Garroux, who was replaced by Heloísa Pinheiro. In 1987, Ela ended broadcasting and it was replaced by the culinary program Dia Dia, presented by Tavinho Ceschi and psychotherapist Angelo Gaiarsa. In 1986, Rede Bandeirantes launched the news program Jornal da Noite, where Lillian Witte Fibe premiered. In the same year, Orival Pessini debuted on TV Fofão, with Hanna-Barbera cartoons, raffles, humorous paintings, musicals and other attractions. The sports news program Esporte Total debuted that same year. On January 23, 1987, TV Bandeirantes Brasília aired on channel 4 in the federal capital. New favorites After leaving TV Mulher and after being a US correspondent for Fantástico, Marília Gabriela won her own nightly program. Marilia Gabriela Gabi, which airs on Wednesdays. Later on, Gabi continued to stay with the Sunday program Cara a Cara until 1995. Rede Bandeirantes also premiered the comedy show Praça Brasil, with Carlos Alberto de Nóbrega, Moacyr Franco, and the entire cast of the comedian. And soon after being on SBT, it would gain the name of A Praça É Nossa. In 1988, under the command of reestreia Dóris Giesse and the direction of Fernando Barbosa Lima, the news program Jornal de Vanguarda started broadcasting on Bandeirantes, which previously broadcast on Rede Globo and the now-defunct Rede Excelsior. The program lasted two years and in its last year, it gained the name of Vanguarda. That same year, the network covered the Olympic Games, held in Seoul, for the second time. Plays and political debates On January 2, 1989, the clown duo Atchim % Espirro debuted Circo da Alegria. Along the lines of Brincando na Paulista of TV Gazeta, the show featured skits, raffles, games, cartoons of Hanna-Barbera, games, music, raffles and other attractions. Circo da Alegria was on the air until March 9, 1990, when he hears an internal problem between the pair. He re-released in Bandeirantes the old version of TV Criança. Later that year, the station promoted the first debate between candidates for the Presidency of the Republic, during the elections of 1989. 1990s Competition and Japanese programming Headed by the competition and success that Japanese series provided at the same time by Rede Manchete, TV Criança made its debut in 1990, replacing Circo da Alegria. Presented by the artist Daniel Azulay and his group Turma do Lambe-Lambe, TV Criança started to show Hanna-Barbera's cartoons, and also a series of the genre: Goggle V (the same formula as Dengeki Sentai Changeman, a successful program in Manchete), Space Sheriff Sharivan (also known by some as Jaspion I) and Nebula Mask Machineman, all brought by Oro Movies. It also debuted Choujinki Metalder, but this series came from Everest Video, and even today, fans question that if it had been shown on Rede Manchete, the success would have been greater, since the channel was the cradle of the exhibition of Japanese series in Brazil and also of the series of the character from the series Chaves, along with the Venezuelan series Kiko. Anime was also aired on the network with Dragon Ball Z being one of the more popular anime to air on the block. Expansion of sports programming and Jornal Bandeirantes From the 1990s onwards, Bandeirantes began to adopt programs based on sports programming, creating Nobre Sport Belt (every day from 8:30 pm), in addition to the Cinto Esportivo Especial, lasting a few minutes, shown in the evening schedules. On Sundays, Rede Bandeirantes dedicated them entirely to sports broadcasts, with Show do Esporte. After 12 years, Bandeirantes returned to broadcasting the World Cup directly from Italy. Jornal Bandeirantes changed presenters, being presented by Marilia Gabriela and later by Chico Pinheiro. Unlike most journalists at the time, the news ended each day with the sound of current pop music. The set was a black wall with a huge red ball in the middle, like the one that was part of the network's logo at the time. 1992: 25 years on the air In 1992, Rede Bandeirantes celebrated its 25 years on the air. With the intention of commemoration, between May 16 and 17, the channel made a show with several attractions and with the cast of the channel gathered. In addition to the coverage of the 1992 Summer Olympics, held in Barcelona, Spain, the network was the first to broadcast the NBA, Formula Indy and the Italian and Spanish football championships for the first time on free-to-air TV, which earned it the nickname of "The sports channel". That same year, the network covered the CPI's investigation of the Collor case in Brazil from the beginning, which led to the president's resignation at the end of the year. Erotic programming, the 1994 elections, and the debut of the "watermark" In 1993, the channel debuted the erotic film session Sexta Sexy(now known as Cine Privé), shown on Friday nights, and in 1995, it debuted in the early mornings from Saturday to Sunday, Cine Privé, also known for presenting films of the same genre. On April 30, 1994, the program Clube do Bolinha left the station on Saturday afternoons after 20 years on the air. In June, Rede Bandeirantes broadcast the 1994 FIFA World Cup in the United States. Between August and November, Rede Bandeirantes made a live broadcast throughout the country, through a presidential debate with the candidates for the Presidency of the Republic for the 1994 elections, gaining prominence for its coverage, where it left to present its programming in favor of round tables, interviews, analyses, special reports and live flashes. In 1995, the Band became a pioneer in displaying its logo in the corner of the screen during its programming which would be the first "watermark" of Brazilian television, which influenced the competing stations to also fix their logos in the corner of the screen during its programs. The 1996 Olympics, Programa H, and the re-run of TV Fofão In 1996, directly from Atlanta, in the United States, the station broadcasts the Olympics for the fourth time. This year, it was heavily criticized because of schedule changes and failure to air its programs at scheduled time. Also in 1996, presenter Luciano Huck premiered Programa H, aimed at young audiences. Due to the great repercussion and prominence, the program was soon moved to the evening schedules. That same year, TV Fofão, by Orival Pessini, returned to the network for children, and remained on the air until 1997. Program changes and the inauguration of Torre TV Bandeirantes At the end of October, looking for a more feminine, young and popular line, the station presents some changes in its programming. Rede Bandeirantes started to show a section of films dedicated to women and children. At 3:30 pm, it broadcast re-runs of the 1987 series Bronco. Cine Trach was also featured, generally in the afternoons, which featured horror movies, most of which were low-budget. Zé do Caixão, led by José Mojica Marins, started to be shown on Monday nights. At night, Bandeirantes bets on the female streak. At 6 pm, the debate program presented by Silvia Poppovic was broadcast. At 7:15 pm, the telenovela Perdidos de Amor starts airing. On December 31, 1996, the Torre TV Bandeirantes in São Paulo was opened, and it gained widespread popularity for being the tallest television tower in Latin America. Continuing expansion of news programming and TV dramas On February 15, 1997, Jornal Bandeirantes changed its name, and was renamed Jornal da Band, having debuted on February 17, 1997 with Paulo Henrique Amorim. That same day, Brasil Urgente premiered, a talk show presented by Wilton Franco. From March to June of the same year, Memória Band was aired, a rerun program in celebration of the network's 30th anniversary, and which was presented by the then newcomer Fabiana Scaranzi. The third season of production and exhibition of television drama was in the second half of the 1990s, a time of titles such as [[:pt:A Idade da Loba|A Idade da Loba]], O Campeão and Serras Azuis, as well as a new version of Meu Pé de Laranja Lima. The FIFA World Cup and the deaths of two great idols In 1998, the Band covered with SBT, CNT, Rede Record, Rede Globo and Rede Manchete the 1998 FIFA World Cup, held in France. On August 24, Clodovil Hernandes debuts the program Clodovil Soft on the network. In the same year, two of the network's greatest idols died. On July 1, former presenter Bolinha, and on October 26, culinary expert Ofélia Ramos Anunciato, who presented Ofélia's Cozinha Maravilhosa hosted in the morning schedules. The latter had its schedule filled by the then-newcomer Dia Dia. At the end of the year, the network airs the special series Contos de Natal, receiving much critical acclaim. The Carnival, more surprises, and the loss of affiliates In 1999, the Band broadcast the parades of the Grupo Especial e de Acesso of the Rio Carnival, replacing Rede Manchete, which was plunged into a serious financial crisis that would culminate in its bankruptcy in the same year. That same year, the decaying sports center was outsourced to Traffic Sports Marketing (then a partner of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, the Brazilian Football Confederation and FIFA), changing a large part of the channel's cast of journalists (among the news, radio broadcaster Milton Neves with the program Supertechnical. former basketball players Hortência and Fernando Vanucci - who until then was on Rede Globo) and guaranteeing some future events, such as the Sydney Olympics in 2000, the 2002 World Cup qualifiers, and the first Club World Cup organized by FIFA - the latter exclusively. The partnership brought Sabrina Parlatore in charge of the talk show Geral, during Show do Esporte produced by the Traffic Group. In June, the series A Guerra dos Pintos and Santo de Casa premiered, produced by Bandeirantes in partnership with Columbia TriStar International Television, being the Brazilian versions of the American series Married... with Children and Who's the Boss?, respectively. In the same year, the station announced a partnership with the Government of the State of São Paulo to insert advertising relating to public transport in the capital. In October of the same year, Luciano Huck left the station and signed with TV Globo to host Caldeirão do Huck. With the departure of Luciano, Programa H is presented by Otaviano Costa, and in 2002, it changes its name to O+. By the end of 1999, Márcia Peltier was chosen by Bandeirantes to anchor the broadcast that the network did in the new year, live from Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro. From 1999 to 2002, the network begins to lose the first affiliates of the 1980s to Rede Record and SBT, but gains almost the same amount as the recent affiliates, to absolve those that were lost. This was due to the quality of the station's programming, which began to decline in the late 1990s. 2000s Peak ratings and new sports programs On January 14, 2000, with the transmission of the FIFA Club World Cup final, direct from Maracanã Stadium, between Vasco and Corinthians, the station achieved the highest audience in its history to date: 53 points, taking the absolute leadership from IBOPE. In the same year, using the partnership with Traffic, the station acquired the rights to cover the Copa Libertadores. On March 20, Esporte Agora, a sports news broadcast at night, premiered, and in August, Band Kids premiered, with the exhibition of Japanese anime. The following month, it broadcast the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, together with Rede Globo, ESPN Brasil and SporTV. Program renewals As of June 4, 2001, there have been several renewals to the network's programming. Between 2001 and 2005, the afternoon variety show, Melhor da Tarde, aired from 1 pm to 3 pm, only for the city of São Paulo, and from 3 pm to 4:30 pm, on national television. Soon after, Hora da Verdade aired, with Márcia Goldschmidt. On the same day, Dia Dia is presented by Olga Bongiovanni. Rede Bandeirantes also tried to hire Lilian Witte Fibe. Programming Controversy Political propaganda allegations during the 1996 elections On October 3, 1996, the São Paulo Regional Labor Court suspended TV Bandeirantes in São Paulo for three hours for disrespecting the electoral law when it carried out alleged political propaganda in the Eleições 96 program. The station was taken off the air at 5:35 pm. The initial punishment was for 24 hours. The director of the station appealed, and the TRE suspended the punishment for three hours, without prejudice to the continuity of the process. Bandeirantes returned to the air at 8:35pm. Departure of Amaury Jr. and the court case with Rede Record On September 28, 2001, after staying for 15 years hosting the show Flash, Amaury Jr. announces in a press release his departure from Rede Bandeirantes. He stated that his departure was due to disagreements with the broadcaster's commercial department and disagreement with the show's airtime. The following month, he is hired by Rede Record, where he re-released Flash on November 19. However, Rede Bandeirantes took legal action against Amaury, preventing him from working in "television media" until the end of March 2002. His penalty was to be a daily fine of 15 minimum wages. It also went to court against Rede Record and Amaury for using the name Flash''. See also Torre TV Bandeirantes, a lattice tower in São Paulo transmitting Band's television and radio stations BandNews TV, a cable and satellite news channel BandSports, an all-sports cable and satellite network References External links Official web site Television stations in Brazil Companies based in São Paulo Television networks in Brazil Portuguese-language television networks Television channels and stations established in 1967 Mass media in São Paulo 1967 establishments in Brazil
David Harris (born June 18, 1959), also known as David D. Harris, is an American television and film actor, most notable for his portrayal of Cochise, a young gang member, in the 1979 film The Warriors. He has appeared as a supporting actor in a number of films and television series, and commonly plays police officers and military personnel. His first role came in the 1976 television film Judge Horton and the Scottsboro Boys, in which he co-starred as Haywood Patterson. He followed this up with a number of supporting roles until 1979, when he appeared as Cochise in The Warriors, the role for which he is best remembered. He also appeared in the Robert Redford film Brubaker the following year. Throughout the 1980s, he appeared in a number of fairly high-profile films, and in the 1990s, he did mostly television work. He lent his voice to The Warriors video game in 2005, reprising his role as Cochise. In 2012, he appeared in Law & Order: Special Victims Unit as Warden. Filmography Film Television Video games References External links 1959 births Living people Male actors from New York City American male film actors African-American male actors American male television actors 21st-century African-American people 20th-century African-American people
White Death may refer to: Arts and entertainment White Death (novel), a 2003 book by Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos White Death (film), a 1936 Australian film starring Zane Grey as himself The White Death (film), a 1921 German silent drama film White Death (video game), a 1989 video game based on the board game of the same name Sugar — White Death, an avant-folk band from Kyiv, Ukraine The White Death, an album by Fleurety "White Death", a song by Sabaton from Coat of Arms "White Death", English translation for "Belaja smert", a song by KYPCK from Zero People Nikephoros II Phokas (c. 912–969), Byzantine emperor and general, known in the Muslim world as "White Death of the Saracens" Simo Häyhä (1905–2002), Finnish sniper in the Winter War, nicknamed "White Death" by the Red army See also White plague (disambiguation)
KETD (channel 53) is a television station licensed to Castle Rock, Colorado, United States, broadcasting the Spanish-language Estrella TV network to the Denver area. Owned and operated by Estrella Media, the station maintains offices on East Jamison Circle in Englewood, and its transmitter is located on Mount Morrison in western Jefferson County. History The station first signed on the air on July 1, 1990, as KWHD. Founded by LeSEA Broadcasting (now Family Broadcasting Corporation), the station carried a mix of Christian-targeted programs, family-oriented syndicated programs and movies. Christian programming aired for much of the broadcast day, with breakaway windows for secular programming (including sitcoms, westerns and public domain movies) each weekday from 2 to 7 p.m. and a scattered amount for a few hours a day on Saturdays, which included a morning children's program block, and a schedule consisting entirely of Christian-oriented religious programs on Sundays. By 2008, KWHD claimed to be "the only full-time, commercial, independent TV station in Colorado." Its schedule by this point was split between family-oriented secular programming and local sports programming 40% of the time and Christian religious programs for the remaining 60% of the broadcast day outside of Sundays. On January 28, 2010, LeSEA announced that it would sell KWHD to Liberman Broadcasting (which was renamed Estrella Media in February 2020, following a corporate reorganization of the company under private equity firm HPS Investment Partners, LLC). On June 1, 2010, the station became an owned-and-operated station of the Liberman-owned Estrella TV and changed its call letters to KETD. As part of the deal, KETD agreed to lease its second digital subchannel to LeSEA to continue carrying its programming (which was also carried on the station's former semi-translator KWHS-LD in Colorado Springs, which LeSEA owned until 2018). Technical information Subchannels The station's signal is multiplexed: Analog-to-digital conversion KETD shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 53, on January 16, 2009. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 46. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 53, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition. References External links Estrella TV affiliates Television channels and stations established in 1990 1990 establishments in Colorado ETD ETD Estrella Media stations Castle Rock, Colorado
Poland competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley, United States. Medalists Cross-country skiing Men Men's 4 × 10 km relay Women Women's 3 x 5 km relay Nordic combined Events: normal hill ski jumping (Three jumps, best two counted and shown here.) 15 km cross-country skiing Ski jumping Speed skating Women References Official Olympic Reports International Olympic Committee results database Olympic Winter Games 1960, full results by sports-reference.com Nations at the 1960 Winter Olympics 1960 1960 in Polish sport
Stereotypes of East Asians in the United States are ethnic stereotypes found in American society about first-generation immigrants and their American-born descendants and citizenry with East Asian ancestry or whose family members who recently emigrated to the United States from East Asia, as well as members of the Chinese diaspora whose family members emigrated from Southeast Asian countries. Stereotypes of East Asians, analogous to other ethnic and racial stereotypes, are often erroneously misunderstood and negatively portrayed in American mainstream media, cinema, music, television, literature, video games, internet, as well as in other forms of creative expression in American culture and society. Many of these commonly generalized stereotypes are largely correlative to those that are also found in other Anglosphere countries, such as in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom, as entertainment and mass media are often closely interlinked between them. Largely and collectively, these stereotypes have been internalized by society and in daily interactions, current events, and government legislation, their repercussions for Americans or immigrants of East Asian ancestry are mainly negative. Media portrayals of East Asians often reflect an Americentric perception rather than authentic depictions of East Asian cultures, customs, traditions, and behaviors. East Asian Americans have experienced discrimination and have been victims of bullying and hate crimes related to their ethnic stereotypes, as it has been used to reinforce xenophobic sentiments. Notable fictional stereotypes include Fu Manchu and Charlie Chan, which respectively represents a threatening, mysterious East Asian character as well as an apologetic, submissive, "good" East Asian character. East Asian American men are often stereotyped as physically unattractive and lacking social skills. This contrasts with the common view of East Asian women being perceived as highly desirable relative to their white female counterparts, which has been influenced by their portrayals as hyper-feminine "Lotus Blossom Babies", "China dolls", "Geisha girls", and war brides. East Asian women are perceived as "strong," which may be associated with the Dragon Lady stereotype, while East Asian mothers may also be stereotyped as tiger moms, whose parental sacrifices in inculcating the importance of high academic achievement in their progeny often to the detriment of their children's self-esteem and emotional well-being that invariably reinforces an artificially standardized model minority, a phrase often stereotypically associated with high academic achievement and above-average socioeconomic success in American society. Exclusion or hostility Yellow Peril The term "Yellow Peril" refers to white apprehension in the core Anglosphere countries such as Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, and the United States, first peaking in the late 19th-century. Such perilism stems from a claim that whites would be "displaced" by a "massive influx of East Asians"; who would fill the nation with a "foreign culture" and "speech incomprehensible" to those already there and "steal jobs away from the European inhabitants" and that they would eventually "take over and destroy their civilization, ways of life, culture and values." The term has also referred to the belief and fear that East Asian societies would "invade and attack" Western societies, "wage war with them" and lead to their "eventual destruction, demise and eradication." During this time, numerous anti-Asian sentiments were expressed by politicians and writers, especially on the West Coast, with headlines like "The 'Yellow Peril'" (Los Angeles Times, 1886) and "Conference Endorses Chinese Exclusion" (The New York Times, 1905) and the later Japanese Exclusion Act. The American Immigration Act of 1924 limited the number of Asians because they were considered an "undesirable" race. Laws in other Anglosphere countries Australia had similar fears and introduced a White Australia policy, restricting immigration between 1901 and 1973, with some elements of the policies persisting up until the 1980s. On February 12, 2002, Helen Clark, then prime minister of New Zealand apologized "to those Chinese people who had paid the poll tax and suffered other discrimination, and to their descendants". She also stated that Cabinet had authorized her and the Minister for Ethnic Affairs to pursue with representatives of the families of the early settlers a form of reconciliation which would be appropriate to and of benefit to the Chinese community. Similarly, Canada had in place a head tax on Chinese immigrants to Canada in the early 20th century; a formal government apology was given in 2007 (with compensation to the surviving head tax payers and their descendants). Perpetual foreigner There is a widespread perception that East Asians are not considered genuine Americans but are instead "perpetual foreigners". Asian Americans often report being asked the question, "Where are you really from?" by other Americans, regardless of how long they or their ancestors have lived in United States and been a part of its society. East Asian Americans have been perceived, treated, and portrayed by many in American society as "perpetual" foreigners who are unable to be assimilated and inherently foreign regardless of citizenship or duration of residence in the United States. A similar view has been advanced by Ling-chi Wang, professor emeritus of Asian American studies at the University of California, Berkeley. Wang asserts that mainstream media coverage of Asian communities in the United States has always been "miserable". He states, "In [the] mainstream media's and policymakers' eyes, Asian Americans don't exist. They are not on their radar... and it's the same for politics." I. Y. Yunioshi from Blake Edwards' 1961 American romantic-comedy Breakfast at Tiffany's is one such example which had been broadly criticized by mainstream publications. In 1961, The New York Times review said that "Mickey Rooney's bucktoothed, myopic Japanese is broadly exotic." In 1990, The Boston Globe criticized Rooney's portrayal as "an irascible bucktoothed nerd and an offensive ethnic caricature". Critics note that the character of Mr. Yunioshi reinforced anti-Japanese wartime propaganda to further exclude Japanese Americans from being treated as normal citizens, rather than hated caricatures. A study by UCLA researchers for the Asian American Justice Center (AAJC), Asian Pacific Americans in Prime Time, found that Asian-American actors were underrepresented on network TV. While Asian-Americans make up 5 percent of the US population, the report found only 2.6 percent were primetime TV regulars. Shows set in cities with significant Asian populations, like New York and Los Angeles, had few East Asian roles. The lack of East Asian representation in American film and theater supports the argument that they are still perceived as foreigners. Sexual oppression and prostitution East Asian American women have often been regarded as mere sexual objects by white Americans. This is partly due to stereotypes associated with American military personnel or occupation in places such as the Philippines (after the Philippine–American War), Thailand and Vietnam (Vietnam War) and Japan (Occupation of Japan) during the 19th and 20th centuries. While some East Asian American women were indeed selling sexual favors to men, there is no statistical basis for the observation that East Asian females are more likely to be sex workers than women of other races. Overall, East Asian women are actually more educated than their white counterparts, but factually experience more discrimination. Moreover, for those few East Asian women working in the sex business, which is illegal in the United States, additional dangers are imminent, through violent aggression by men, who think they are acting in the law-free zone, or by the absence of local laws, regulating such business activities. Food Food from Chinese restaurants in the United States is often claimed to be unsafe due to contamination of Chinese-imported food or the use of monosodium glutamate, the latter of which putatively causes a condition known as Chinese restaurant syndrome, and food scares in China often receive heightened attention in Western media. Chinese people are also stereotyped as eating animals unusual for consumption in the USA such as dogs, despite the declining consumption in China. This notion was amplified during the COVID-19 pandemic, with US Senator John Cornyn characterizing the country in March 2020 as "a culture where people eat bats and snakes and dogs and things like that". Model minority East Asians in the United States have been stereotyped as a "model minority"; where as a collective group have achieved an above average socioeconomic performance and standing compared to other ethno-racial groups in United States while possessing positive traits such as being seen as being hard-working, industrious, disciplined, persistent, driven, studious, and intelligent people who have elevated their socioeconomic status through merit, persistence, tenacity, self-discipline, drive, and diligence. The model minority construct is typically measured by their above average levels of educational attainment, representation in white-collar professional and managerial occupations, and household income relative to other ethno-racial groups in the United States. Generalized statistics and positive socioeconomic indicators of East Asian Americans are often cited to back up the model minority image include the high likelihoods and probabilities of East Asian Americans of getting into an elite American university in addition to possessing above average educational qualifications and attainment rates (30% of National Merit Scholarships are awarded to Asian Americans), high representation in professional occupations such as academia, financial services, high technology, law, management consulting, and medicine, coupled with a higher household income than other racial groups in the United States. East Asians are most often perceived to achieve a higher degree of socioeconomic success than the U.S. population average. As well, other socioeconomic indicators are used to support this argument, such as low poverty rates, low crime rates, low illegitimacy rates, low rates of welfare dependency, and lower divorce rates coupled with higher family stability. However, though East Asian Americans have a higher median income than most other ethno-racial in the United States, they also have a larger income gap than any other ethno-racial group. However, the indicators fail to reflect the diversity of the East Asian community as a whole. According to a report for the Ascend Foundation, whilst the probability of East Asians getting hired for high-tech employment opportunities is high, East Asian Americans as a collective racial group also have the lowest probability of earning a management promotion while climbing the ladders of corporate America. This is also reflected in the under representation of Asian American lawyers in leadership and management roles. Issues with the label However, some East Asian Americans believe the model minority image to be damaging and inaccurate and are acting to dispel this stereotype. Some have said that the model minority myth may perpetuate and trigger a denial of Asian Americans' racial reality, which happens to also be one of eight themes that emerged in a study of commonly experienced Asian American microaggressions. Many scholars, activists, and most major American news sources have started to oppose this stereotype, calling it a misconception that exaggerates the socioeconomic success of East Asian Americans. According to Kevin Nguyen Do, the portrayal the model minority image in American media has created negative psychological impacts such as stress, depression and anxiety and can lead to increased levels of depersonalisation. This is because the model minority image in film is usually coupled with negative characteristics of a personality such as being obedient, nerdy and unable to express a sexual or romantic longing. According to those critical of this belief, the model minority stereotype also alienates other Asian American subgroups, such as Southeast Asian Americans, where many of whom hail from far less affluent Asian countries than their East Asian American counterparts and covers up existing Asian American issues and needs that are not properly addressed in American society at large. Additionally, the stereotypical view that East Asians are generally socioeconomically successful obscures other disadvantages that East Asians generally face, especially in a comparative sense with regards to their fellow East Asian American counterparts who do not fit the standard model minority mold and are less socioeconomically successful. For example, the widespread notion that East Asian Americans are overrepresented at elite Ivy League and other prestigious American universities, have higher educational attainment rates, constitute a large presence in professional and managerial occupations and earn above average per capita incomes obscures workplace issues such as the "bamboo ceiling" phenomenon, where the advancement in corporate America where attaining the highest-level managerial and top-tiered executive positions at major American corporations reaches a limit, and the fact that East Asians must acquire more education, possesse work experience, and have to work longer hours than their white American counterparts to earn the same amount of money. The "model minority" image is also seen as being damaging to East Asian American students because their generalized socioeconomic success makes it easy for American educators to overlook other East Asian American students who are less socioeconomically successful, less achieving, struggle academically, and assimilate more slowly in the American school system. Some American educators hold East Asian American students to a higher academic standard and ignore other students of East Asian ancestry with learning disabilities from being given attention that they need. This may deprive those students being encumbered with negative connotations of being a model minority and labeled with the unpopular Hollywood "nerd" or "geek" image. Due to this image, East Asian Americans have been the target of harassment, bullying, and racism from other racial groups due to the racially divisive model minority stereotype. In that way, the model minority does not protect Asian Americans from racism. The myth also undermines the achievements of East Asian American students who are erroneously perceived largely on part of their inherent racial attributes, rather than other factoring extraneous characteristics such as a strong work ethic, tenacity and discipline. The pressures to achieve and live up to the model minority image have taken a mental and psychological toll on some East Asian Americans as studies have noted a spike in prescription drug abuse by East Asian Americans, particularly students. The pressures to achieve and live up to the model minority image have taken a mental and psychological toll on East Asian Americans. Many have speculated that the use of illegal prescription drugs have been in response to East Asian Americans' pressure to succeed academically. East Asian Americans also commit crimes at disproportionately lower rates than other racial and ethnic groups in the United States despite having a younger average age and higher family stability. Research findings have shown that Asian American offenders are sometimes given more lenient punishments. However, a side effect of the model minority construct may be a downplaying of the presence of East Asian criminal behavior and gangs in several major American cities, including New York City, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Houston, and Seattle as well as in the state of Hawaii. Occasionally however, such extraordinarily rare exceptions involving individual East Asian American criminals do receive widespread media coverage. Such vanishingly rare exceptional occurrences include the infamous Han Twins Murder Conspiracy in 1996, and the 1996 United States campaign finance controversy where several prominent Chinese American businessmen were convicted of violating various campaign finance laws. Other incidents include the shooting rampage by physics student Gang Lu at the University of Iowa in 1991 and Norman Hsu, a Wharton School graduate, businessman and former campaign donor to Hillary Clinton who was captured after being a fugitive for sixteen years for failing to appear at a sentencing for a felony fraud conviction. Other examples of criminal and unethical behavior are in contrast to the artificially standardized model minority construct. One notable case was the 2007 Virginia Tech massacre committed by the Korean-American mass murderer, Seung-Hui Cho, which led to the deaths of 33 individuals, including the eventual suicide of Cho himself. The shooting spree, along with Cho's Korean ancestry, stunned American society. Other notable cases include the downfall of politician Leland Yee from serving in the California State Senate to serving time in federal prison, and NYPD Officer Peter Liang, who was convicted of shooting an unarmed black man. Some viewed Officer Liang as being privileged by "adjacent whiteness", while Jenn Fang argues that his fate "proves that the benefits of “model minority” status are in fact transient—and easily revoked." Another effect of the stereotype is that American society at large may tend to ignore the underlying racism and discrimination that many East Asian Americans still face despite possessing above-average socioeconomic indicators and exhibiting positive statistical profiles. Complaints are dismissed by American politicians and other government legislators with the claim that the racism that many East Asian Americans still face is less important than or not as bad as the racism faced by other minority racial groups, thus establishing a systematically deceptive racial hierarchy. Believing that due to their archetypal socioeconomic success by fitting East Asian Americans in artificial model minority mold and that they possess so-called "positive" stereotypical attributes and traits, leading many ordinary Americans to assume that East Asian Americans face no absolute forms of racial discrimination or social issues in American society at large, and that their community is thriving, having "gained" their socioeconomic success through their own merits. Additionally, the stereotypical perception that East Asian Americans as being wealthy and having "better behavior" implicitly invites a comparison to be made between the artificially standardized "model minority" East Asians and the stereotypes of other racial groups. While this reinforces a racial hierarchy, it also can break solidarity between non-white American peoples. When East Asian Americans internalize this stereotype, it can cause them to look down upon other racial groups and not want to see them as equals and join in with them. It might also cause other groups to not see any need for East Asian American empowerment and feel no need for solidarity. Therefore, this stereotype can warp the way some East Asian Americans perceive themselves, how East Asians are treated in mainstream and academic discussions, and how other people of color in American society generally perceive East Asians. Stereotypes in American fiction Dr. Fu Manchu and Charlie Chan are two well-known fictional East Asian characters in America's cultural history. Created by Sax Rohmer and Earl Derr Biggers, respectively, in the early part of the 20th century, Dr. Fu Manchu is the embodiment of America's imagination of a threatening, mysterious East Asian while Charlie Chan is an apologetic, submissive Chinese-Hawaiian-American detective who represents America's archetypal "good" East Asian. Both characters found widespread popularity in numerous novels and films. Dr. Fu Manchu Thirteen novels, three short stories, and one novella have been written about Dr. Fu Manchu, the villainous Chinese mastermind. Millions of copies have been sold in the United States with publication in American periodicals and adaptations to film, comics, radio, and television. Due to his enormous popularity, the "image of Fu Manchu has been absorbed into American consciousness as the archetypal East Asian villain." In The Insidious Doctor Fu-Manchu, Sax Rohmer introduces Dr. Fu Manchu as a cruel and cunning man, with a face like Satan, who is essentially the "Yellow Peril incarnate". Sax Rohmer inextricably tied the evil character of Dr. Fu Manchu to all East Asians as a physical representation of the Yellow Peril, attributing the villain's evil behavior to his race. Rohmer also adds an element of mysticism and exoticism to his portrayal of Dr. Fu Manchu. Despite Dr. Fu Manchu's specifically Manchu ethnicity, his evil and cunning are pan-Asian attributes, again reinforcing Dr. Fu Manchu as representational of all East Asian people. Blatantly racist statements made by white protagonists such as: "the swamping of the white world by yellow hordes might well be the price of our failure" again add to East Asian stereotypes of exclusion. Dr. Fu Manchu's inventively sardonic methods of murder and white protagonist Denis Nayland Smith's grudging respect for his intellect reinforce stereotypes of East Asian intelligence, exoticism/mysticism, and extreme cruelty. Charlie Chan Charlie Chan, a fictional character created by author Earl Derr Biggers loosely based on Chang Apana (1871–1933), a real-life Chinese-Hawaiian police officer, has been the subject of 10 novels (spanning from 1925 to as late as 1981), over 40 American films, a comic strip, a board game, a card game, and a 1970s animated television series. In the films, the role of Charlie Chan has usually been played by white actors (namely Warner Oland, Sidney Toler, and Roland Winters). This is an example of "whitewashing," where white actors play the characters of non-white roles. White actors who have played the role of Charlie Chan were covered in "yellowface" makeup and spoke in broken English. In stark contrast to the Chinese villain Dr. Fu Manchu, East Asian-American protagonist Charlie Chan represents the American archetype of the "good" East Asian. In The House Without a Key, Earl Derr Biggers describes Charlie Chan in the following manner: "He was very fat indeed, yet he walked with the light dainty step of a woman. His cheeks were chubby as a baby's, his skin ivory tinted, his black hair close-cropped, his amber eyes slanting." Charlie Chan speaks English with a heavy accent and flawed grammar, and is exaggeratedly polite and apologetic. After one particular racist affront by a Bostonian woman, Chan responds with exaggerated submission, "Humbly asking pardon to mention it, I detect in your eyes slight flame of hostility. Quench it, if you will be so kind. Friendly co-operation are essential between us." Bowing deeply, he added, "Wishing you good morning." Because of Charlie Chan's emasculated, unassertive, and apologetic physical appearance and demeanor he is considered a non-threatening East Asian man to mainstream audiences despite his considerable intellect and ability. Many modern critics, particularly Asian-American critics, claim that Charlie Chan has none of the daring, assertive, or romantic traits generally attributed to white fictional detectives of the time, allowing "white America ... [to be] securely indifferent about us as men." Charlie Chan's good qualities are the product of what Frank Chin and Jeffery Chan call "racist love", arguing that Chan is a model minority and "kissass". Instead, Charlie Chan's successes as a detective are in the context of proving himself to his white superiors or white racists who underestimate him early on in the various plots. The Chan character also perpetuates stereotypes as well, oft quoting supposed ancient Chinese wisdom at the end of each novel, saying things like: "The Emperor Shi Hwang-ti, who built the Great Wall of China, once said: 'He who squanders to-day talking of yesterday's triumph, will have nothing to boast of tomorrow.'" Fletcher Chan, however, argues that the Chan of Biggers's novels is not subservient to whites, citing The Chinese Parrot as an example; in this novel, Chan's eyes blaze with anger at racist remarks and in the end, after exposing the murderer, Chan remarks "Perhaps listening to a 'Chinaman' is no disgrace." Stereotypes in American film and TV shows In 2019, 7% of all female characters and 6% of all male characters in the top 100 grossing movies in the United States were Asian. Additionally, a study conducted by AAPIsOnTV (Asian American and Pacific Islanders) indicated that 64% of shows lack a presence of main Asian actors. On the other hand, 96% of shows have a 96% presence of White main actors. While there has been progress in the representation of Asian actors in TV shows and films through Crazy Rich Asians and Fresh Off The Boat, the portrayal of stereotypes is still a present issue. Asian actors are cast for movies usually represent stereotypes of East Asians. In most instances, they also play the roles of sex workers, nerds, foreigners, and doctors. In the episode "A Benihana Christmas" of The Office, Michael Scott (as Steve Carell) has to mark Nikki (played by Kulap Vilaysack) with a Sharpie, because he is unable to differentiate her from Amy (played by Kathrien Ahn). The portrayal of Asian Americans is based on the stereotype that they look identical. In Mean Girls, Trag Pak (played by Ky Pham) and Sun Jin Dinh (played by Danielle Nguyen), are depicted as overly sexual students who have an affair with the PE teacher and possess limited English skills. The Big Bang Theory portrays Rajesh Koothrapalli (played by Kunal Nayyar) as someone who is unable to form romantic relationships and communicate with women. According to Christina Chong, if Asian actors in American movies are needed, it is usually for "international regional accuracy." These inaccurate representations shape public perceptions due to the large influence TV shows and films have on the understanding of people from different backgrounds. Men Emasculation and celibacy In the mid-1800s, early Chinese immigrant workers were derided as emasculated men due to cultural practices of Qing Dynasty. The Chinese workers sported long braids (the "queue hairstyle" which was compulsory in China) and sometimes wore long silk gowns. Because Chinese men were seen as an economic threat to the white workforce, laws were passed that barred the Chinese from many "male" labor-intensive industries, and the only jobs available to the Chinese at the time were jobs that whites deemed "women's work" (i.e., laundry, cooking, and childcare). This stereotype had received wider usage as a backlash due to Sessue Hayakawa's status as a sex symbol back in old Hollywood in the 1920s. In the documentary The Slanted Screen, Filipino American director Gene Cajayon talks about the revised ending for the 2000 action movie Romeo Must Die, a retelling of Romeo and Juliet in which Aaliyah plays Juliet to Jet Li's Romeo. The original ending had Aaliyah kissing Chinese actor Li, which would have explained the title of Romeo, a scenario that did not test well with an urban audience. The studio changed the ending to Trish (Aaliyah) giving Han (Li) a tight hug. According to Cajayon, "Mainstream America, for the most part, gets uncomfortable with seeing an East Asian man portrayed in a sexual light." One study has shown East Asians as being perceived as being "less masculine" than their white and black American counterparts. East Asian men are also emasculated, being stereotyped and portrayed as having small penises. Such an idea fueled the phenomenon that being a bottom in a homosexual relationship for East Asian men is more of a reflection of what is expected of them, than a desire. These stereotypes are attempts of an overall perception that East Asian men are less sexually desirable to women compared to men of other races, especially whites. Sex symbols In the early stage of Hollywood's film production, East Asian males such as Sessue Hayakawa exhibited their male attractiveness both on and off screen, but they became the victim of their own success when their popularity caused dissension. Later, when Bruce Lee joined Hollywood, he was one of the few Asians who had achieved "Alpha male" status on screen in the 20th century. Study findings from an analysis of the TV show Lost suggest that portrayals of East Asian males have not significanfly changed. According to Elizabeth Tunstall, East Asian men in the West are still largely denied the stereotypical masculinity ideal of Western societies, however the hybrid "soft masculinity" of K-pop has improved the image of Asian men as potentially desirable partners among K-pop fans in Western countries. Predators of white women East Asian men have been portrayed as threats to white women by white men in many aspects of American media. Depictions of East Asian men as "lascivious and predatory" were common at the turn of the 20th century. Fears of "white slavery" were promulgated in both dime store novels and melodramatic films. Between 1850 and 1940, both US popular media and propaganda before and during World War II humanized Chinese men, while portraying Japanese men as a military and security threat to the country, and therefore a sexual danger to white women due to the perception of a woman's body traditionally symbolizing her "tribe's" house or country. In the 1916 film Patria, a group of fanatical Japanese individuals invade the United States in an attempt to rape a white woman. Patria was an independent film serial funded by William Randolph Hearst (whose newspapers were known to promulgate threats of the yellow peril), in the lead up to the United States' entry into World War I. The Bitter Tea of General Yen portrays the way in which an "Oriental" beguiles white women. The film portrays Megan Davis (Barbara Stanwyck) coming to China to marry a missionary (Gavin Gordon) and help in his work. They become separated at a railway station, and Davis is rescued/kidnapped by warlord General Yen (Nils Asther). Yen becomes infatuated with Davis, and knowing that she is believed to be dead, keeps her at his summer palace. That being said, it was also one of the first films to deal openly with interracial sexual attraction (despite the fact that the actor playing General Yen is played by a non-Asian actor). Misogynists Another stereotype of East Asian men, especially of Chinese men is that they are misogynistic, insensitive, and disrespectful towards women. However, studies have shown that East Asian American men express more gender egalitarian attitudes than the American average. East Asian men are commonly portrayed in Western media as male chauvinists. This can be seen in best-selling novels such as Rising Sun by Michael Crichton, in which Japanese businessmen mistreat and denigrate their white mistresses. Popular films such as The Wolverine portray Japanese patriarchs as domineering, controlling and abusive towards their daughters. Even literature written by Asian American authors is not free of the pervasive popular cliche of Asian men. Amy Tan's book The Joy Luck Club has been criticized by Asian American figures such as Frank Chin for perpetuating racist stereotypes of Asian men. Women Dragon Lady In the 19th and 20th centuries, Western film and Western literature sometimes stereotyped powerful Asian women as "Dragon Ladies" and subservient Asian women as "Lotus Blossoms". These memes persists in to the present time, and other stereotypes related to the Lotus Blossom include the hyper-feminine "China dolls", "Geisha girls" and war brides. More recently, the Dragon Lady stereotype was embodied by Ling Woo, a fictional character in the US comedy-drama Ally McBeal (1997–2002), whom the American actress Lucy Liu portrayed. Ling is a cold and ferocious bilingual Chinese American lawyer, who is fluent in both English and Mandarin and is well-versed in the arts of sexual pleasuring unknown to the American world. At the time, she provided the only major representation of East Asian women on television, apart from news anchors and reporters. Because there were no other major Asian American celebrity women whose television presence could counteract the Dragon Lady stereotype, the portrayal of Ling Woo attracted much scholarly attention. This attention has led to the idea that orientalist stereotyping is a specific form of racial microaggression against women of East Asian descent. For example, while the beauty of Asian American women has been exoticized, Asian American women have been stereotyped as submissive in the process of sexual objectification. University of Wyoming Darrell Hamamoto, Professor of Asian American Studies at the University of California, Davis, describes Ling as "a neo-Orientalist masturbatory fantasy figure concocted by a white man whose job it is to satisfy the blocked needs of other white men who seek temporary escape from their banal and deadening lives by indulging themselves in a bit of visual cunnilingus while relaxing on the sofa." Hamamoto does maintain, however, that Ling "sends a powerful message to white America that East Asian American women are not to be trifled with. She runs circles around that tower of Jell-O who serves as her white boyfriend. She's competitive in a profession that thrives on verbal aggression and analytical skill." Contemporary actress Lucy Liu has been accused of popularizing this stereotype by characters she has played in mainstream media. Hypersexuality and submissiveness An iconic source of images of East Asian women in the 20th century in the West is the 1957 novel The World of Suzie Wong that was adapted into a movie in 1960, about a Hong Kong woman. The titular character is represented through a frame of white masculine heterosexual desire: Suzie is portrayed as a submissive prostitute that is sexually aroused at the idea of being beaten by a white man. UC Berkeley Professor of Asian American Studies Elaine Kim argued in the 1980s that the stereotype of East Asian women as submissive has impeded their economic mobility. According to author Sheridan Prasso, the "China [porcelain] doll" stereotype and its variations of feminine submissiveness recurs in American movies. These variations can be presented as an associational sequence such as: "Geisha Girl/Lotus Flower/Servant/China Doll: Submissive, docile, obedient, reverential; the Vixen/Sex Nymph: Sexy, coquettish, manipulative; tendency toward disloyalty or opportunism; the Prostitute/Victim of Sex Trade/War/Oppression: Helpless, in need of assistance or rescue; good-natured at heart." Another is Madama Butterfly (Madame Butterfly), an opera in three acts (originally two acts) by Giacomo Puccini, with an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa. It is the story of a Japanese maiden (Cio-Cio San), who falls in love with and marries a white American navy lieutenant. After the officer leaves her to continue his naval service away from Japan, Cio-Cio San gives birth to their child. Cio-Cio San blissfully awaits the lieutenant's return, unaware that he had not considered himself bound by his Japanese marriage to a Japanese woman. When he arrives back in Japan with an American wife in tow and discovers that he has a child by Cio-Cio San, he proposes to take the child to be raised in America by himself and his American wife. The heartbroken Japanese girl bids farewell to her callous lover, then kills herself. There has been much controversy about the opera, especially its treatment of sex and race. It is the most-performed opera in the United States, where its rank as Number 1 in Opera America's list of the 20 most-performed operas in North America. This popularity only helps to perpetuate the stereotype of Japanese women being self-sacrificing victims to "cruel and powerful" Western men. A contemporary example would be Miss Saigon, a 1989 musical by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil, a modern adaptation of Giacomo Puccini's opera Madame Butterfly. This musical has been criticized for what some have perceived as racist or sexist overtones. Criticism has led to protests against the musical's portrayal of Asian men, Asian women, and women in general. It banked a record $25 million in advance ticket sales when it was opening on Broadway. According to artist and writer Jessica Hagedorn in Asian Women in Film: No Joy, No Luck, Asian women in golden era Hollywood film were represented as sexually passive and compliant. According to Hagedorn, "good" Asian women are portrayed as being "childlike, submissive, silent, and eager for sex". In instances of rape in pornography, a study found that young East Asian women are overrepresented. It had been suggested that the hypersexualized yet compliant representations of East Asian women being a frequent theme in American media is the cause of this. In addition, East Asian women being often stereotyped as having tighter vaginas than other races is another suggested factor. Tiger mother In early 2011, the Chinese-American lawyer and writer Amy Chua generated controversy with her book Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother, published in January 2011. The book was a memoir about her parenting journey using strict Confucian child rearing techniques, which she describes as being typical for Chinese immigrant parents. Her book received a huge backlash and media attention and ignited global debate about different parenting techniques and cultural attitudes that foster such techniques. Furthermore, the book provoked uproar after the release where Chua received death threats, racial slurs, and calls for her arrest on child-abuse charges. The archetypal Chinese tiger mom is (similar to the Jewish mother stereotype and the Japanese Kyoiku mama) refers to a strict or demanding mother who pushes her children to high levels of scholastic and academic achievement, using methods regarded as typical of childrearing in East Asia to the detriment of the child's social, physical, psychological and emotional well-being. According to Marie Moro, Amy Chua links the academic success of Chinese Americans to Tiger mothering. Paul Tullis suggests that this assumption is unfounded, and cites a study suggesting that children of purported "tiger parents" actually have slightly worse GPAs than those raised by non-tiger parents. Asian Baby Girl "Asian baby girl", commonly abbreviated "ABG" and sometimes referred to as "Asian bad girl" or "Asian baby gangster", is a term that arose in the 1990s New York area, originally used to describe Chinese American women involved in gangster subcultures. These women were a part of, or admired the lifestyles of the New York Chinatown gangs, before the crime crackdowns of the 1980s ordered by Rudy Giuliani caused many of them to become defunct. The term was then adopted by other Asian Americans from outside the Chinese American gangster subculture of the East Coast. The looks, fashion, and aesthetics associated with ABGs gained popularity in the 2010s, and was regarded as a negative stereotype similar to the "Valley Girl" or "dumb blond" stereotype. It appeared in online forums such as the Subtle Asian Traits Facebook group. In the 2020s, the ABG stereotype was adopted as a fashion trend on social media platforms such as TikTok and Instagram. It refers primarily to millennial or younger women who are highly outgoing and have adopted a gangster aesthetic or personality without necessarily being involved with actual organized crime. Other associated traits include an interest in partying and fashion and sexual activeness. Physical attributes and traits Darrell Y. Hamamoto, an American Orientialist and professor of Asian American studies at UC Irvine argued that a pervasive racialized discourse exists throughout American society, especially as it is reproduced by network television and cinema. Critics argue that portrayals of East Asians in American media fixating on the epicanthic fold of the eyelid have the negative effect of caricature, whether describing the Asiatic eye positively as "almond-shaped" or negatively as "slanted," "slant-eyed," or "slanty". Even worse, these critics contend, is the common portrayal of the East Asian population as having yellow, sometimes orange or even lemon colored skin tones (which the critics reference as colorism). This colorist portrayal negatively contrasts "colored" Asian Americans with the European population of North America in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. East Asians are also stereotyped (or orientalized) as having straight dark (or shiny "blue") hair usually styled in a "bowl cut" (boys) or with straight overgrown bangs (girls). They are often homogenized as one indiscriminate monolithic conglomeration of cultures, languages, histories, and physiological and behavioral characteristics. Almost invariably it is assumed that a person of Asian descent has ancestral origins from an East Asian country. There is also a common assumption that people of East Asian descent are always Chinese or are supposed to be proficient in a Chinese language. This often results in racist remarks and ethnic slurs against Asian Americans such as telling them to "Go back to China" even if the Asian-American person doesn't happen to be of Chinese descent. In reality, the term "Asian American" broadly refers to all people who descend from the Continental Asian sub-regions of Central, East, Southeast, South, and West Asia as a whole. While people of Chinese descent make up roughly 5 million of the roughly 18 million Asians in America, a plurality, other Asian American ethnic groups such as the Filipinos, Indonesian, Japanese, Koreans and Vietnamese make up a larger portion of the total. East Asians are often stereotyped as being inherently bad drivers. East Asians are also stereotyped as academic overachievers who are intelligent but socially inept, either lacking social skills or being asocial. A 2010 study found that East Asians in the United States are most likely to be perceived as nerds. This stereotype is socially damaging and contributes to a long history of Asian exclusion in USA. East Asians have been stereotyped as immature, childlike, small, infantile looking, needing guidance and not to be taken seriously. The infantilized stereotype is on both physical and mental aspects of the race. East Asians are believed to mature slower in appearance and body, while also thought of as less autonomous and therefore requiring guidance from the "mature" white race. Like children, the perception is that they have little power, access, and control over themselves. The stereotype goes hand in hand with fetish against Asian women, who are perceived as more demure, submissive, more eager to please and easily yielding to powerful men. A psychological experiment conducted by two researchers found that East Asians who do not conform to common stereotypes and who possess qualities such as dominance in the workplace are often seen as "unwelcome and unwanted by their co-workers" and can even elicit negative reactions and harassment from their fellow employees of other racial backgrounds. Physicality and sports East Asian bodies are often stereotyped of as lacking the innate athletic ability to endure labor-intensive tasks which is required to play and excel in sports, especially in sporting disciplines that involve heavy amounts of physical contact. This stereotype has led to discrimination in the recruitment process for professional American sports teams where Asian American athletes are highly underrepresented. The Taiwanese-American professional basketball player Jeremy Lin believed that his race played a role in him going undrafted in NBA initially. This belief has been echoed and reiterated by sports writer Sean Gregory of Time and NBA commissioner David Stern. Although Asian Americans comprised 6% of the nation's population in 2012, Asian American athletes represented only 2% of the NFL, 1.9% of the MLB and less than 1% in both the NHL and NBA. Despite these stereotypes, there have been exceptional cases countering them such as when the NBA color barrier was broken by the Japanese American basketball player, Wataru Misaka in 1947, who was the first person of color and first East Asian American athlete to play in the NBA. The weightlifter Tommy Kono set a total of 26 world records and 7 Olympic records, making him the most accomplished US male weightlifter to date. Chloe Kim, who is a snowboarder, is the youngest Olympic gold medalist in halfpipe. Maia Shibutani, who is a figure skater, is a two-time Olympic medalist. See also Anti-Chinese sentiment in the United States Anti-Japanese sentiment in the United States Anti-Korean sentiment Anti-Mongolianism Chinese Exclusion Act Ching chong Covert racism Elderly martial arts master, a stock character Fresh off the boat Gook Microaggression Oriental riff Racism in the United States Stereotypes of groups within the United States Xenophobia and racism related to the COVID-19 pandemic References Further reading Harpalani, Vinay. "Asian Americans, Racial Stereotypes, and Elite University Admissions." Boston University Law Review 102 (2022): 233+ online. Kawai, Yuko. "Stereotyping Asian Americans: The dialectic of the model minority and the yellow peril." Howard Journal of Communications 16.2 (2005): 109-130. Lee, Jennifer. "Asian Americans, affirmative action & the rise in anti-Asian hate." Daedalus 150.2 (2021): 180-198. online Li, Yao, and Harvey L. Nicholson Jr. "When “model minorities” become “yellow peril”—Othering and the racialization of Asian Americans in the COVID‐19 pandemic." Sociology compass 15.2 (2021): e12849. online Lin, Monica H., et al. "Stereotype content model explains prejudice for an envied outgroup: Scale of anti-Asian American stereotypes." Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin 31.1 (2005): 34-47. online Ng, Jennifer C., Sharon S. Lee, and Yoon K. Pak. "Chapter 4 contesting the model minority and perpetual foreigner stereotypes: A critical review of literature on Asian Americans in education." Review of research in education 31.1 (2007): 95-130. Reyes, Angela. Language, identity, and stereotype among Southeast Asian American youth: The other Asian (Routledge, 2017) online. External links Hollywood Chinese Hollywood Chinese, a 2007 documentary film about the portrayals of Chinese men and women in Hollywood productions. The Slanted Screen The Slanted Screen, a 2006 documentary film addressing the portrayals of Asian men in American television and film. Asian-American issues Anti–East Asian sentiment in the United States East Asians in the United States Stereotypes of Asian Americans Stereotypes of East Asian people
Space Chase may refer to: Space Chase USA, a 2019 American PBS television film documentary about the Apollo space program and its effects on a small Florida town. "Space Chase", a song by Hawkwind from their 1980 album Levitation Spacechase, an Atari 2600 video game Space Chase (album), an album by German acid jazz group, Tab Two Space Chase, the 2005 British short film from Catsnake Studios featuring elements of Parkour and featured in Parkour Journeys (2006) Space Chase, the pre-production name for television show Farscape
Information Harvesting (IH) was an early data mining product from the 1990s. It was invented by Ralphe Wiggins and produced by the Ryan Corp, later Information Harvesting Inc., of Cambridge, Massachusetts. Wiggins had a background in genetic algorithms and fuzzy logic. IH sought to infer rules from sets of data. It did this first by classifying various input variables into one of a number of bins, thereby putting some structure on the continuous variables in the input. IH then proceeds to generate rules, trading off generalization against memorization, that will infer the value of the prediction variable, possibly creating many levels of rules in the process. It included strategies for checking if overfitting took place and, if so, correcting for it. Because of its strategies for correcting for overfitting by considering more data, and refining the rules based on that data, IH might also be considered to be a form of machine learning. The advantage of IH, as compared with other data mining products of its time and even later, was that it provided a mechanism for finding multiple rules that would classify the data and determining, according to set criteria, the best rules to use. References Data mining and machine learning software
Suzo International was founded in 1955 in Rotterdam, The Netherlands and supplies components and solutions for the amusement, video game, casino, and vending industries. It also develops and manufactures several (electronic) components, software products and systems as coin hoppers, pushbuttons, topper boxes and control mechanisms for the professional gaming industry. In 2005 Suzo merged with Happ Controls to form the Suzo-Happ Group - later stylized as SUZOHAPP. It is active in more than 60 countries worldwide. In North America, the organization does business as Happ based in Elk Grove, IL, and Suzo, based in Oud-Beijerland, the Netherlands, is responsible for international operations. To the general public, the company is probably best known for its popular "The Arcade" range of joysticks for home computer and video game systems of the 1980s. Suzo products of this era are generally marked as being manufactured by "S.T.C. Rotterdam" rather than "Suzo". References Manufacturing companies based in Rotterdam
Wim C. Turkenburg (born 1947, in Hillegom) is emeritus professor 'Science, Technology & Society' (STS) at Utrecht University, the Netherlands, and owner of a consultancy on energy and environmental issues. He is member of the board of the Foundation Preparation Pallas reactor as well as member of some advisory and programming committees on issues ranging from nuclear waste management and the safety of nuclear power plants and natural gas exploitation to RD&D programming in the field of bioenergy and biomaterials. In addition he communicates regularly on energy issues in public media. Also he is member of the editorial board of the scientific journal Energy for Sustainable Development and the board of the International Energy Initiative (IEI). He authored or co-authored hundreds of publications on energy system analysis in the context of climate change, energy technology assessment, renewable energy, carbon capture and storage (CCS), energy efficiency, nuclear energy, energy policies, climate change, and environmental risk assessment. He was the Convening Lead Author of the WEA chapter on Renewable Energy Technologies (2000) and the GEA chapter on Renewable Energy (2012). He was head of the former Department on Science, Technology & Society (STS) of Utrecht University, director of the Copernicus Institute of Sustainable Development of Utrecht University, as well as scientific director of the Utrecht Center for Energy research (UCE). He served on a number of international boards, committees and working groups, including the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources for Development of the United Nations (UN-CENRD), the Working Group on Energy Supply Mitigation Options of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the Executive Committee of the World Energy Assessment (WEA) as well as the Global Energy Assessment (GEA), the Working Group on Renewable Energy of the World Energy Council (WEC), and the board of the International Institute for Industrial Environmental Economics (IIEEE) of Lund University. In addition he served on numerous national boards and committees, including the board of the Energy Research Centre of the Netherlands, the Council on Housing, Physical Planning, and Environment (VROM-raad) of the Netherlands, the General Energy Council (AER) of the Netherlands, the Energy Committee of the Social and Economic Council of the Netherlands (SER), the board of the Dutch research programme on Capture, Transport and Storage (CATO), the board of the Netherlands' Platform Communication on Climate Change (PCCC), the board of the Dutch Physical Society (NNV), the board of the NGO 'Natuur en Milieu', and the board of the Dutch division of the International Solar Energy Society (ISES-Nederland). In 1996 he received in the US, at the conference ICCDR-III, the Greenman Award “to honor important contributions toward harnessing technology so that human race can better live in harmony with the environment”, because of his work on CCS (see: IEA GHG Programme). In 2007 he was one of the co-recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize awarded to the IPCC. In 2013 he became ‘Knight of the Order of the Netherlands Lion’ (Ridder in de Orde van de Nederlandse Leeuw). References 1947 births Living people Academic staff of Utrecht University People from Hillegom
Shell shoveling, in network security, is the act of redirecting the input and output of a shell to a service so that it can be remotely accessed, a reverse shell. In computing, the most basic method of interfacing with the operating system is the shell. On Microsoft Windows based systems, this is a program called cmd.exe or COMMAND.COM. On Unix or Unix-like systems, it may be any of a variety of programs such as bash, ksh, etc. This program accepts commands typed from a prompt and executes them, usually in real time, displaying the results to what is referred to as standard output, usually a monitor or screen. In the shell shoveling process, one of these programs is set to run (perhaps silently or without notifying someone observing the computer) accepting input from a remote system and redirecting output to the same remote system; therefore the operator of the shoveled shell is able to operate the computer as if they were present at the console. See also Console redirection CTTY (DOS command) Serial over LAN redirection (SOL) References Further reading Computer network security Command shells
Ashwin Navin (born c.1977) is an American entrepreneur, who is the CEO and co-founder of Samba TV, a data and analytics service that measures television viewership using opt-in data from Internet-connected devices and set-top boxes. The company has been compared to more traditional TV measurement firms like Nielsen which rely on the people meter to gather viewership data. Prior to Samba TV, Navin was the president and co-founder of BitTorrent, Inc. He joined Bram Cohen, the inventor of BitTorrent, in 2004 and reportedly handled business and company-related matters while Cohen focused on engineering and product development. Navin reportedly evaluated Cohen's invention for Yahoo! in 2004. Although it was a notable development for the Internet, BitTorrent was widely considered to be the bane of the film industry, because it made the cost of transferring large files, including unlicensed film copies, negligible to the end user. Navin is also an investor in SELFMADE, Collective, Invisible Commerce, Klarna, Cameo (website), GGWP, Convoy Inc, Impossible Foods, vidIQ, Touch of Modern, Crunchyroll, and HappyCow. Early career Navin is a 1999 graduate of Claremont McKenna College with a dual B.A. in government and economics. Before BitTorrent, he was employed at Yahoo! from 2002 to 2004 in its corporate development group which handled corporate strategy and acquisitions. Before Yahoo!, Navin worked on Wall Street with Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch both as an investment banker and research analyst. In 2000, Navin helped start a technology-based financial services company called Epoch Partners. Epoch was essentially the investment banking arm of several online stock brokerages including Charles Schwab, Ameritrade, and TD Waterhouse. Epoch Partners was eventually acquired by Goldman Sachs in 2001. Commercializing BitTorrent Cohen entrusted Navin with the responsibility of crafting a business model for BitTorrent with hopes of bringing BitTorrent out of the fringes and into the mainstream. Navin has assumed the public face of the company as an evangelist for its commercial viability. In 2007, Navin launched 3 commercial products: the BitTorrent Entertainment Network in February, the BitTorrent SDK in June, and BitTorrent DNA in October. As the foundation for these products, in 2006 Navin acquired uTorrent which is the largest Torrent client in the world, outside China. To catalyze BitTorrent's commercialization, Navin began by engaging movie industry executives directly. Although predicted by many to be highly unlikely, BitTorrent has struck relationships with many major media companies including Warner Brothers, 20th Century Fox, Paramount Pictures, MTV, Lionsgate, Kadokawa Pictures, and some others. Beyond copyright issues, BitTorrent also faced struggles with cable companies and ISPs which were overwhelmed with high volumes of P2P traffic on their networks. In the wake of FCC hearings that pitted Comcast and BitTorrent against each other for traffic management policies that inhibited P2P file transfers, Navin was responsible for striking a deal with Comcast that resolved the companies' differences and defused a contested issue in the Network Neutrality debate. Founding Samba TV After leaving BitTorrent, Navin founded Samba TV in 2008 (at the time called Flingo) with the vision of developing software for Smart TVs. The initial goal was to help media companies like Showtime, FOX, A+E Networks, TMZ, Revision3, PBS and CBS develop TV apps that synchronize with linear Broadcast programming and Non-linear media. In 2011, the company launched its patented automatic content recognition technology, which uses video fingerprinting to identify on-screen content and power cross-screen interactive TV apps on Smart TVs. Mark Cuban, August Capital and Gary Lauder led Samba TV's first round of l funding at CES in 2012. And, in 2013, with the Samba TV name, the company launched the first cross-screen advertising solution tied to real-time contextual awareness of what's on a Smart TV screen within a household. In 2017, Inc Magazine named Samba TV one of the fastest-growing companies in America. In 2020, Samba TV publicly confirmed that it crossed over $100M in revenue for the 2019 fiscal year and published its path for continued global expansion. In 2021, Samba TV filed for an IPO led by various underwriters including BofA Securities, Evercore ISI, Oppenheimer & Co. and other investment banks. References External links NPR's All Things Considered interviews Ashwin Navin Podcast with Navin's views on the Download business and DRM Podcast with Navin's views on BitTorrent in China Navin addressing the deal his company negotiated with Comcast Navin's views on Personalization and Data Privacy American chief executives American people of Indian descent BitTorrent Claremont McKenna College alumni Merrill (company) people Year of birth missing (living people) Living people
James Turnbull is an Australian free software and open source author and software developer. He lives in Brooklyn, New York, where he is VP of Product and Engineering at Smartrr and an advisor at Access Now. Before that, he was co-chair of the Velocity conference, led engineering at Sotheby's, startup advocacy at Microsoft, was founder and CTO at Empatico, CTO at Kickstarter, VP of Engineering at Venmo and VP of Services at Docker. He was also VP of Technology Operations for the open-source company Puppet Labs. Career Turnbull has been involved in technology and the open-source community since the early 1990s. He has written eleven books on engineering, operations, security, and open-source software: Monitoring with Prometheus The Packer Book The Terraform Book The Art of Monitoring The Docker Book The Logstash Book Pro Puppet (Apress 2011) Pro Linux System Administration (Apress 2009) Pulling Strings with Puppet (Apress 2008) Pro Nagios 2.0 (Apress 2006) Hardening Linux (Apress 2004) He has also published numerous articles on Linux and open-source technology. Free Software involvement Turnbull is a contributor to Docker, the open source logging tool Logstash, Riemann, Prometheus, the qpsmtpd SMTP daemon, and the Puppet configuration management tool. Turnbull was the Treasurer, a member of the papers committee and coordinated the mini-conference program at linux.conf.au 2008. He is a member of Linux Australia, including President in 2010 and sitting on the Executive Council in 2008. He has previously also been on the committee of Linux Users of Victoria. References External links Blog Homepage Riemann Living people Free software programmers Australian computer specialists Year of birth missing (living people) Writers from Brooklyn
The BKM algorithm is a shift-and-add algorithm for computing elementary functions, first published in 1994 by Jean-Claude Bajard, Sylvanus Kla, and Jean-Michel Muller. BKM is based on computing complex logarithms (L-mode) and exponentials (E-mode) using a method similar to the algorithm Henry Briggs used to compute logarithms. By using a precomputed table of logarithms of negative powers of two, the BKM algorithm computes elementary functions using only integer add, shift, and compare operations. BKM is similar to CORDIC, but uses a table of logarithms rather than a table of arctangents. On each iteration, a choice of coefficient is made from a set of nine complex numbers, 1, 0, −1, i, −i, 1+i, 1−i, −1+i, −1−i, rather than only −1 or +1 as used by CORDIC. BKM provides a simpler method of computing some elementary functions, and unlike CORDIC, BKM needs no result scaling factor. The convergence rate of BKM is approximately one bit per iteration, like CORDIC, but BKM requires more precomputed table elements for the same precision because the table stores logarithms of complex operands. As with other algorithms in the shift-and-add class, BKM is particularly well-suited to hardware implementation. The relative performance of software BKM implementation in comparison to other methods such as polynomial or rational approximations will depend on the availability of fast multi-bit shifts (i.e. a barrel shifter) or hardware floating point arithmetic. Overview In order to solve the equation the BKM algorithm takes advantage of a basic property of logarithms Using Pi notation, this identity generalizes to Because any number can be represented by a product, this allows us to choose any set of values which multiply to give the value we started with. In computer systems, it's much faster to multiply and divide by multiples of 2, but because not every number is a multiple of 2, using is a better option than a more simple choice of . Since we want to start with large changes and get more accurate as increases, we can more specifically use , allowing the product to approach any value between 1 and ~4.768, depending on which subset of we use in the final product. At this point, the above equation looks like this: This choice of reduces the computational complexity of the product from repeated multiplication to simple addition and bit-shifting depending on the implementation. Finally, by storing the values in a table, calculating the solution is also a simple matter of addition. Iteratively, this gives us two separate sequences. One sequence approaches the input value while the other approaches the output value : Given this recursive definition and because is strictly increasing, it can be shown by induction and convergence that for any . For calculating the output, we first create the reference table Then the output is computed iteratively by the definition The conditions in this iteration are the same as the conditions for the input. Similar to the input, this sequence is also strictly increasing, so it can be shown that for any . Because the algorithm above calculates both the input and output simultaneously, it's possible to modify it slightly so that is the known value and is the value we want to calculate, thereby calculating the exponential instead of the logarithm. Since x becomes an unknown in this case, the conditional changes from to Logarithm function To calculate the logarithm function (L-mode), the algorithm in each iteration tests if . If so, it calculates and . After iterations the value of the function is known with an error of . Example program for natural logarithm in C++ (see A_e for table): double log_e (const double Argument, const int Bits = 53) // 1 <= Argument <= 4.768462058 { double x = 1.0, y = 0.0, s = 1.0; for (int k = 0; k < Bits; k++) { double const z = x + x*s; if (z <= Argument) { x = z; y += A_e[k]; } s *= 0.5; } return y; } Logarithms for bases other than e can be calculated with similar effort. Example program for binary logarithm in C++ (see A_2 for table): double log_2 (const double Argument, const int Bits = 53) // 1 <= Argument <= 4.768462058 { double x = 1.0, y = 0.0, s = 1.0; for (int k = 0; k < Bits; k++) { double const z = x + x*s; if (z <= Argument) { x = z; y += A_2[k]; } s *= 0.5; } return y; } The allowed argument range is the same for both examples (1 ≤ Argument ≤ 4.768462058…). In the case of the base-2 logarithm the exponent can be split off in advance (to get the integer part) so that the algorithm can be applied to the remainder (between 1 and 2). Since the argument is smaller than 2.384231…, the iteration of k can start with 1. Working in either base, the multiplication by s can be replaced with direct modification of the floating point exponent, subtracting 1 from it during each iteration. This results in the algorithm using only addition and no multiplication. Exponential function To calculate the exponential function (E-mode), the algorithm in each iteration tests if . If so, it calculates and . After iterations the value of the function is known with an error of . Example program in C++ (see A_e for table): double exp (const double Argument, const int Bits = 54) // 0 <= Argument <= 1.5620238332 { double x = 1.0, y = 0.0, s = 1.0; for (int k = 0; k < Bits; k++) { double const z = y + A_e[k]; if (z <= Argument) { y = z; x = x + x*s; } s *= 0.5; } return x; } Tables for examples static const double A_e [] = // A_e[k] = ln (1 + 0.5^k) { 0.693147180559945297099404706000, 0.405465108108164392935428259000, 0.223143551314209769962616701000, 0.117783035656383447138088388000, 0.060624621816434840186291518000, 0.030771658666753686222134530000, 0.015504186535965253358272343000, 0.007782140442054949100825041000, 0.003898640415657322636221046000, 0.001951220131261749216850870000, 0.000976085973055458892686544000, 0.000488162079501351186957460000, 0.000244110827527362687853374000, 0.000122062862525677363338881000, 0.000061033293680638525913091000, 0.000030517112473186377476993000, 0.000015258672648362398138404000, 0.000007629365427567572417821000, 0.000003814689989685889381171000, 0.000001907346813825409407938000, 0.000000953673861659188260005000, 0.000000476837044516323000000000, 0.000000238418550679858000000000, 0.000000119209282445354000000000, 0.000000059604642999033900000000, 0.000000029802321943606100000000, 0.000000014901161082825400000000, 0.000000007450580569168250000000, 0.000000003725290291523020000000, 0.000000001862645147496230000000, 0.000000000931322574181798000000, 0.000000000465661287199319000000, 0.000000000232830643626765000000, 0.000000000116415321820159000000, 0.000000000058207660911773300000, 0.000000000029103830456310200000, 0.000000000014551915228261000000, 0.000000000007275957614156960000, 0.000000000003637978807085100000, 0.000000000001818989403544200000, 0.000000000000909494701772515000, 0.000000000000454747350886361000, 0.000000000000227373675443206000, 0.000000000000113686837721610000, 0.000000000000056843418860806400, 0.000000000000028421709430403600, 0.000000000000014210854715201900, 0.000000000000007105427357600980, 0.000000000000003552713678800490, 0.000000000000001776356839400250, 0.000000000000000888178419700125, 0.000000000000000444089209850063, 0.000000000000000222044604925031, 0.000000000000000111022302462516, 0.000000000000000055511151231258, 0.000000000000000027755575615629, 0.000000000000000013877787807815, 0.000000000000000006938893903907, 0.000000000000000003469446951954, 0.000000000000000001734723475977, 0.000000000000000000867361737988, 0.000000000000000000433680868994, 0.000000000000000000216840434497, 0.000000000000000000108420217249, 0.000000000000000000054210108624, 0.000000000000000000027105054312 }; static const double A_2 [] = // A_2[k] = log_2 (1 + 0.5^k) { 1.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000, 0.5849625007211561814537389439478165087598144076924810604557526545410982276485, 0.3219280948873623478703194294893901758648313930245806120547563958159347765589, 0.1699250014423123629074778878956330175196288153849621209115053090821964552970, 0.0874628412503394082540660108104043540112672823448206881266090643866965081686, 0.0443941193584534376531019906736094674630459333742491317685543002674288465967, 0.0223678130284545082671320837460849094932677948156179815932199216587899627785, 0.0112272554232541203378805844158839407281095943600297940811823651462712311786, 0.0056245491938781069198591026740666017211096815383520359072957784732489771013, 0.0028150156070540381547362547502839489729507927389771959487826944878598909400, 0.0014081943928083889066101665016890524233311715793462235597709051792834906001, 0.0007042690112466432585379340422201964456668872087249334581924550139514213168, 0.0003521774803010272377989609925281744988670304302127133979341729842842377649, 0.0001760994864425060348637509459678580940163670081839283659942864068257522373, 0.0000880524301221769086378699983597183301490534085738474534831071719854721939, 0.0000440268868273167176441087067175806394819146645511899503059774914593663365, 0.0000220136113603404964890728830697555571275493801909791504158295359319433723, 0.0000110068476674814423006223021573490183469930819844945565597452748333526464, 0.0000055034343306486037230640321058826431606183125807276574241540303833251704, 0.0000027517197895612831123023958331509538486493412831626219340570294203116559, 0.0000013758605508411382010566802834037147561973553922354232704569052932922954, 0.0000006879304394358496786728937442939160483304056131990916985043387874690617, 0.0000003439652607217645360118314743718005315334062644619363447395987584138324, 0.0000001719826406118446361936972479533123619972434705828085978955697643547921, 0.0000000859913228686632156462565208266682841603921494181830811515318381744650, 0.0000000429956620750168703982940244684787907148132725669106053076409624949917, 0.0000000214978311976797556164155504126645192380395989504741781512309853438587, 0.0000000107489156388827085092095702361647949603617203979413516082280717515504, 0.0000000053744578294520620044408178949217773318785601260677517784797554422804, 0.0000000026872289172287079490026152352638891824761667284401180026908031182361, 0.0000000013436144592400232123622589569799954658536700992739887706412976115422, 0.0000000006718072297764289157920422846078078155859484240808550018085324187007, 0.0000000003359036149273187853169587152657145221968468364663464125722491530858, 0.0000000001679518074734354745159899223037458278711244127245990591908996412262, 0.0000000000839759037391617577226571237484864917411614198675604731728132152582, 0.0000000000419879518701918839775296677020135040214077417929807824842667285938, 0.0000000000209939759352486932678195559552767641474249812845414125580747434389, 0.0000000000104969879676625344536740142096218372850561859495065136990936290929, 0.0000000000052484939838408141817781356260462777942148580518406975851213868092, 0.0000000000026242469919227938296243586262369156865545638305682553644113887909, 0.0000000000013121234959619935994960031017850191710121890821178731821983105443, 0.0000000000006560617479811459709189576337295395590603644549624717910616347038, 0.0000000000003280308739906102782522178545328259781415615142931952662153623493, 0.0000000000001640154369953144623242936888032768768777422997704541618141646683, 0.0000000000000820077184976595619616930350508356401599552034612281802599177300, 0.0000000000000410038592488303636807330652208397742314215159774270270147020117, 0.0000000000000205019296244153275153381695384157073687186580546938331088730952, 0.0000000000000102509648122077001764119940017243502120046885379813510430378661, 0.0000000000000051254824061038591928917243090559919209628584150482483994782302, 0.0000000000000025627412030519318726172939815845367496027046030028595094737777, 0.0000000000000012813706015259665053515049475574143952543145124550608158430592, 0.0000000000000006406853007629833949364669629701200556369782295210193569318434, 0.0000000000000003203426503814917330334121037829290364330169106716787999052925, 0.0000000000000001601713251907458754080007074659337446341494733882570243497196, 0.0000000000000000800856625953729399268240176265844257044861248416330071223615, 0.0000000000000000400428312976864705191179247866966320469710511619971334577509, 0.0000000000000000200214156488432353984854413866994246781519154793320684126179, 0.0000000000000000100107078244216177339743404416874899847406043033792202127070, 0.0000000000000000050053539122108088756700751579281894640362199287591340285355, 0.0000000000000000025026769561054044400057638132352058574658089256646014899499, 0.0000000000000000012513384780527022205455634651853807110362316427807660551208, 0.0000000000000000006256692390263511104084521222346348012116229213309001913762, 0.0000000000000000003128346195131755552381436585278035120438976487697544916191, 0.0000000000000000001564173097565877776275512286165232838833090480508502328437, 0.0000000000000000000782086548782938888158954641464170239072244145219054734086, 0.0000000000000000000391043274391469444084776945327473574450334092075712154016, 0.0000000000000000000195521637195734722043713378812583900953755962557525252782, 0.0000000000000000000097760818597867361022187915943503728909029699365320287407, 0.0000000000000000000048880409298933680511176764606054809062553340323879609794, 0.0000000000000000000024440204649466840255609083961603140683286362962192177597, 0.0000000000000000000012220102324733420127809717395445504379645613448652614939, 0.0000000000000000000006110051162366710063906152551383735699323415812152114058, 0.0000000000000000000003055025581183355031953399739107113727036860315024588989, 0.0000000000000000000001527512790591677515976780735407368332862218276873443537, 0.0000000000000000000000763756395295838757988410584167137033767056170417508383, 0.0000000000000000000000381878197647919378994210346199431733717514843471513618, 0.0000000000000000000000190939098823959689497106436628681671067254111334889005, 0.0000000000000000000000095469549411979844748553534196582286585751228071408728, 0.0000000000000000000000047734774705989922374276846068851506055906657137209047, 0.0000000000000000000000023867387352994961187138442777065843718711089344045782, 0.0000000000000000000000011933693676497480593569226324192944532044984865894525, 0.0000000000000000000000005966846838248740296784614396011477934194852481410926, 0.0000000000000000000000002983423419124370148392307506484490384140516252814304, 0.0000000000000000000000001491711709562185074196153830361933046331030629430117, 0.0000000000000000000000000745855854781092537098076934460888486730708440475045, 0.0000000000000000000000000372927927390546268549038472050424734256652501673274, 0.0000000000000000000000000186463963695273134274519237230207489851150821191330, 0.0000000000000000000000000093231981847636567137259618916352525606281553180093, 0.0000000000000000000000000046615990923818283568629809533488457973317312233323, 0.0000000000000000000000000023307995461909141784314904785572277779202790023236, 0.0000000000000000000000000011653997730954570892157452397493151087737428485431, 0.0000000000000000000000000005826998865477285446078726199923328593402722606924, 0.0000000000000000000000000002913499432738642723039363100255852559084863397344, 0.0000000000000000000000000001456749716369321361519681550201473345138307215067, 0.0000000000000000000000000000728374858184660680759840775119123438968122488047, 0.0000000000000000000000000000364187429092330340379920387564158411083803465567, 0.0000000000000000000000000000182093714546165170189960193783228378441837282509, 0.0000000000000000000000000000091046857273082585094980096891901482445902524441, 0.0000000000000000000000000000045523428636541292547490048446022564529197237262, 0.0000000000000000000000000000022761714318270646273745024223029238091160103901 }; Notes References (5 pages) (8 pages) (1+15 pages) (1+11 pages) Further reading (14 pages) Computer arithmetic Shift-and-add algorithms Digit-by-digit algorithms 1994 introductions 1994 in science
ESWAT: City Under Siege, released in Japan as , is a 1990 side scrolling action platform video game developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis and Sega Master System video game consoles. City Under Siege was based on the arcade game Cyber Police ESWAT released a year earlier in 1989. The console game maintains the main characters, plot and some of its enemies from the arcade game, but features some different levels, weapons, and bonuses. Backbone Entertainment pitched a new ESWAT game to Sega, but the project was never greenlit. Artwork and screenshots of the game were later leaked. Description The game is a sidescrolling platformer similar to Shinobi. It is set in the near future, where the player controls a blonde haired police officer named who, over a series of levels, before receiving an armored power suit. At first, as a rookie member of the Cyber Police force in the city of Liberty, the player has to clean the streets of an overwhelming crime wave and terminate the most wanted criminals. In the first and second levels of the game, the completely human Duke can only utilize a single shot weapon and can only survive one hit. A second hit will kill him. A mysterious and high-tech terrorist organization, named "E.Y.E.", quickly threatens to take over the entire city and, after being promoted at the end of the second level, Duke is given power armor called the "ICE Combat Suit". With this suit the player can use new and more lethal weapons; "Super Shot", a plasma rifle, rockets, and a devastating fire attack if he finds them. The player also has access to a jet pack with limited fuel that replenishes over time. Finally, this armor will allow the player to take more damage before being defeated. Unfortunately, because the suit makes him larger, it is harder for him to dodge enemy attacks. The final boss of the game, the leader of E.Y.E., is revealed to be a robot with artificial intelligence that is attempting to replicate its own ICE Combat Suits to take over Liberty. Reception Raze magazine gave an overall review score of 72% praising the variety of detailed backgrounds, voice recordings and described the gameplay saying: "Initially interesting and compelling". They criticized the game being too easy and repetitive. Mega Action gave a review score of 81% writing: "The graphics are looking dated but the gameplay has stood the test of time." Console XS gave a review score of 84/100 saying the game is "very challenging and addictive." MegaTech praised Eswat calling it "A super slick shoot-‘em-up that simply oozes quality". They praised the parallex scrolling backgrounds, sprites and sound and described the gameplay as "challenging and highly addictive". In 1992 Mega placed the game at #32 in their Top Mega Drive Games of All Time. Ports The Sega Master System port was released around the same time as the Genesis version in 1990. As the Genesis was now becoming a major contender in the US market, ESWAT was one of the last major ports to the Master System as it neared the end of its generational life cycle. Like other arcade ports such as Shinobi, ESWAT featured a "health meter" that would allow the player to take several hits before losing a life, instead of simply one or two. The Genesis version was more faithful to the arcade in graphics and gameplay. A Virtual Console version for the Wii was released in August 2007 in Japan and in the PAL regions on September 7, 2007. The game also appeared in Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection, also known as the Sega Mega Drive Ultimate Collection in Europe and Australia, for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. References External links Official Virtual Console website ESWAT Mega Drive/Genesis review (Wayback Machine mirror) from Mean Machines Archive 1990 video games Science fiction video games Sega Genesis games Sega video games Virtual Console games Sanritsu Denki games Video games about police officers Video games scored by Takayuki Nakamura Video games developed in Japan Single-player video games
A bibliographic database is a database of bibliographic records. This is an organised online collection of references to published written works like journal and newspaper articles, conference proceedings, reports, government and legal publications, patents and books. In contrast to library catalogue entries, a majority of the records in bibliographic databases describe articles and conference papers rather than complete monographs, and they generally contain very rich subject descriptions in the form of keywords, subject classification terms, or abstracts. A bibliographic database may cover a wide range of topics or one academic field like computer science. A significant number of bibliographic databases are marketed under a trade name by licensing agreement from vendors, or directly from their makers: the indexing and abstracting services. Many bibliographic databases have evolved into digital libraries, providing the full text of the organised contents:for instance CORE also organises and mirrors scholarly articles and Our Research develops a search engine for open access content in Unpaywall. Others merge with non-bibliographic and scholarly databases to create more complete disciplinary search engine systems, such as Chemical Abstracts or Entrez. History Prior to the mid-20th century, individuals searching for published literature had to rely on printed bibliographic indexes, generated manually from index cards. "During the early 1960s computers were used to digitize text for the first time; the purpose was to reduce the cost and time required to publish two American abstracting journals, the Index Medicus of the National Library of Medicine and the Scientific and Technical Aerospace Reports of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). By the late 1960s such bodies of digitized alphanumeric information, known as bibliographic and numeric databases, constituted a new type of information resource. Online interactive retrieval became commercially viable in the early 1970s over private telecommunications networks. The first services offered a few databases of indexes and abstracts of scholarly literature. These databases contained bibliographic descriptions of journal articles that were searchable by keywords in author and title, and sometimes by journal name or subject heading. The user interfaces were crude, the access was expensive, and searching was done by librarians on behalf of 'end users'. See also Citation index Document-oriented database Full-text database List of academic databases and search engines Institutional repository Online public access catalog (OPAC; library catalog) ISBNdb.com References Information science Library 2.0
Morgan de toi is a clothing brand, owned by the French company Morgan SA. The company was established in 1947 to sell lingerie, but has since diversified. At present it has over 650 retail outlets worldwide. Production is vertically integrated and takes place mainly in France. The brand is targeted at women between the ages of 18 and 35. The CEO is Yann Jaslet and the headquarters are in Paris. Morgan operates worldwide in the following arenas: retail stores, licensed stores, wholesale, mail order, 3rd party internet The UK operation had moved to 7 Back Hill, London (former site of the Van der Moolen Bonds offices), and appointed Fergus Patterson as their managing director. The business operated stand alone retail sites as well as numerous concessions in leading department stores such as Debenhams and House of Fraser. In Friends' episode The One With Ross's Thing, Phoebe wears a Morgan t-shirt. References External links Clothing brands Clothing companies of France Clothing companies established in 1947 French companies established in 1947
8th BSFC Awards January 10, 1988 Best Film: Hope and Glory The 8th Boston Society of Film Critics Awards honored the best filmmaking of 1987. The awards were given on 10 January 1988. Winners Best Film: Hope and Glory Best Actor: Albert Brooks – Broadcast News Best Actress: Holly Hunter – Broadcast News Best Supporting Actor: R. Lee Ermey – Full Metal Jacket Best Supporting Actress: Kathy Baker – Street Smart Best Director: Stanley Kubrick – Full Metal Jacket Best Screenplay: James L. Brooks – Broadcast News Best Cinematography: Vittorio Storaro – The Last Emperor Best Documentary: Marlene Best Foreign-Language Film: My Life as a Dog (Mitt liv som hund) • Sweden External links Past Winners References 1987 Boston Society of Film Critics Awards Internet Movie Database 1987 1987 film awards 1987 awards in the United States 1987 in Boston January 1988 events in the United States
PicMaster is a bitmap graphics editor which is distributed as shareware. The software combines several fields of application and therefore is also referred to as a multi talented image editor. One can not only find the standard image editing functions (draw with pen, remove red eye, add text, etc.) but also extended functions such as displaying anaglyph images, morphing and an integrated webcam support. An anaglyph image can be constructed by shooting two slightly displaced pictures with a digital camera. An illusion of a three-dimensional picture is created by using the software and a pair of 3D glasses. Objects seem to emerge from the computer monitor. The morphing function can transform photos from one person to another. To do so, the persons must be photographed in similar postures and their shapes need to be cut out with the help of the software. After doing so, points of support are set on noticeable spots (eyes, nose, mouth, etc.). Finally, the software calculates the intermediate images and creates a video of the transformation. PicMaster supports multiple possibilities for capturing images from a camera. The image can be placed into the Internet by uploading them on a server with the FTP protocol. Alternatively, the software can turn the computer into a web server using the HTTP protocol. The system can also be run as an alarm system which sends an E-mail containing the image as soon as a movement is detected. The software already includes 300 filter effects which can be described by using mathematical formulas. The integrated formula editor and parser allows a quick creation of image effects (e.g. r=r+20 increases the red portion of the image). Photoshop Plugins can be included as well. More Plugins are available in the Internet. A large image containing many small images (frames) can be created with the mosaic function. From a set of frames, the software can choose the one that fits best the spot in the large image. When viewed from a distance, the frames convert to the large image. The software offers several helpful functions for scanning pictures. Multiple pictures can be put on a scanner and by pressing a button they will be automatically: separated into frames straightened removed from the background border saved without any dialog (scan & save) photocopied (scan & print) All working steps can be recorded in a macro and replayed later in order to reduce the amount of work. The actions are saved in a simple text file that can be run on multiple pictures at a later time. This makes it possible to shrink all pictures in a folder without the need to process each one individually. Other functions include: Creation of slideshows with transition effects and voice comments. (as a runnable CD, screen saver, website, background switcher) Image viewer (thumbnail preview) Digital camera (copy pictures, renumber files, correct pixel errors) Creation of photographic albums Taking screenshots Video filters External links Raster graphics editors
ITV Breakfast Broadcasting Limited (previously known as GMTV Limited) is the national ITV breakfast television licensee, broadcasting in the United Kingdom. It became a wholly owned subsidiary of ITV plc in November 2009. GMTV, as an on-screen brand name, ended on 3 September 2010, with the newly-rebranded ITV Breakfast launching new weekday breakfast programmes Daybreak and Lorraine on 6 September 2010. In March 2014, it was announced Daybreak had been axed amid poor ratings. The programme was replaced on Monday 28 April 2014 by Good Morning Britain, reprising the title of a previous ITV's early-morning programme. The Lorraine segment has not been affected by the changes. At weekends, ITV Breakfast would air children's programming, a simulcast of the CITV channel, until August 2023, when kids programmes were moved to ITVX and ITV2. Daytime repeats are now broadcast during the earlier hours of the ITV Breakfast slot at weekends. The talk show Weekend was broadcast on Saturdays and Sundays at 8:30am until 2017 when it didn't return after the Christmas break. It was hosted by Aled Jones. Various other similar talk shows have aired in this slot, including Martin & Roman's Weekend Best!. ITV Breakfast Broadcasting Limited is a subsidiary of ITV Broadcasting Limited. The shows broadcast are produced by ITV Breakfast Ltd, a subsidiary of ITV Studios. Programmes Weekdays GMTV (1993–2010) GMTV (1993 – 2000, 2009 – 2010) Monday to Thursday 06:00 – 08:30 (Friday 09:25) GMTV Newshour (1997–2009) Monday to Friday 06:00 – 07:00 GMTV Today (2000–2009) Monday to Friday 07:00 – 08:30 (Friday 09:25) GMTV with Lorraine (2009–2010) Monday to Thursday 08:30 – 09:25 ITV Breakfast (2010–present) Daybreak (2010–2014) 06:00 – 08:30 (2010–2012) 07:00 – 08:30 (2012–2014) Good Morning Britain (2014–present) 06:00 – 08:30 (2014–2020) 06:00 – 09:00 (2020–present) GMB Today (August 2017) 08:30 – 09:25 Good Morning Britain with Lorraine (March–July 2020, December 2021) 09:00 – 10:00 Lorraine (2010–present) 08:30 – 09:25 (2010–2020) 09:00 – 10:00 (2020–present) Weekends Presenters A dark grey cell indicates the host did not appear that year. Daybreak Good Morning Britain Current on-air team Former on-air team Others Formerly, Victoria Derbyshire, Mark Durden-Smith, Julia Hartley-Brewer, Kevin Maguire, Aasmah Mir, Andrew Pierce, Adil Ray, Celia Walden, Yasmin Alibhai-Brown, Oona King, Olly Mann, Michael Portillo and Natasha Courtenay-Smith appeared on a regular basis as newspaper reviewers on Lorraine. See also List of ITV Breakfast programmes Timeline of breakfast television in the United Kingdom TV-am References External links ITV plc 1993 establishments in the United Kingdom ITV franchisees ITV (TV network) Television channels and stations established in 1993
MBROLA is speech synthesis software as a worldwide collaborative project. The MBROLA project web page provides diphone databases for many spoken languages. The MBROLA software is not a complete speech synthesis system for all those languages; the text must first be transformed into phoneme and prosodic information in MBROLA's format, and separate software (e.g. eSpeakNG) is necessary. History MBROLA project started in 1995 at the TCTS Lab of the Faculté polytechnique de Mons (Belgium) as a scientific project to obtain a set of speech synthesizers for as many languages as possible. The first release of MBROLA software was in 1996 and was provided as freeware for non-commercial, non-military application. Licenses for created voice databases differ, but are also mostly for non-commercial and non-military use. Due to its free usage only for non-commercial applications, MBROLA was as alternative choice for private/home users for de facto speech synthesis engine eSpeakNG in Linux workstations, but mostly was not used for commercial solutions (e.g. for speaking time clocks, boarding notifications for ports and terminals etc.) After initial development of voice databases updates and support of MBROLA software ceased and gradually closed-source binaries fell behind development of recent hardware and operating systems. To deal with this MBROLA development team decided to release MBROLA as open source software, and on October 24, 2018, source code was released on GitHub with GNU Affero General Public License. On January 23, 2019, tool called MBROLATOR was released to provide creation of MBROLA database from WAV files with the same license. Used technology MBROLA software uses MBROLA (Multi-Band Resynthesis OverLap Add) algorithm for speech generation. Although it is diphone-based, the quality of MBROLA's synthesis is considered to be higher than that of most diphone synthesisers as it preprocesses the diphones imposing constant pitch and harmonic phases that enhances their concatenation while only slightly degrading their segmental quality. MBROLA is a time-domain algorithm similar to PSOLA, which implies very low computational load at synthesis time. Unlike PSOLA, however, MBROLA does not require a preliminary marking of pitch periods. This feature has made it possible to develop the MBROLA project around the MBROLA algorithm, through which many speech research labs, companies, or individuals around the world have provided diphone databases for many languages and voices. References MBROLA source code repository Using Festival with MBROLA External links MBROLA voices (database for MBROLA speech synthesizer) MBROLATOR (database creation tool for MBROLA speech synthesizer) Speech synthesis Computational linguistics
Quintela de Leirado is a municipality in Ourense (province) in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. References Municipalities in the Province of Ourense
Java Application Descriptor (JAD) files describe the MIDlets (Java ME applications) that are distributed as JAR files. JAD files are commonly used to package Java applications or games that can be downloaded to mobile phones. Java applications enable mobile phones to interact functionally with online web services, such as the ability to send SMS messages via GSM mobile Internet or interact in multiplayer games. Some BlackBerry devices use JAD files for themes, while on some mobile phones without memory cards it is not possible to download any apps. Recent midlets contain a manifest file in the JAR archive. This file contains much of the information stored in the JAD file, rendering it unnecessary in most cases. JAD mime type The MIDP2 specification instructs that web servers should serve JAD files with a MIME type of "". If this MIME type is not correctly configured, many phones will fail to install the MIDlet. Example See also .sis Midp2 References External links JADs and JARs Retrieving MIDlet Attributes Java (programming language)
Madagascar is a platform video game based on the animated film of the same name by Eric Darnell and Tom McGrath, produced by DreamWorks. The game was released on May 24, 2005 in North America and on June 30, 2005 in Europe. The GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions were developed by Toys for Bob. The Microsoft Windows version was developed by Beenox and the Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance versions were developed by Vicarious Visions. All versions of the game were published by Activision. Madagascar: Operation Penguin was the next Madagascar video game to be released on the Game Boy Advance. The game received mixed reviews but sold well; critics praised its humor and gameplay variety, but criticised its graphics and length. A sequel, Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa, was released on November 4, 2008. Gameplay Madagascar is mainly a platformer with stealth, puzzle, and combat elements. The player mainly controls Marty the zebra, while in other levels the player can also control Gloria the hippo, Melman the giraffe, and Alex the lion. Each character in the game has his or her own ability. To gain said abilities, the player must first find three cards, known as power cards, to gain them. Skipper the penguin and Mort the mouse lemur are also playable in some levels. Outside of platforming, there are also challenges including using a crane to eliminate the crew of a ship, shooting darts at a hunter, protecting mushrooms from cockroaches, escorting lemurs to safety, flinging explosive durians at worms, as well as defeating crocodile martial artists. Throughout the levels, players can collect Monkey Coins, which can be cashed in at the Zoovenir Shop, an in-game store, for character accessories, mini-games, extra health, and cheats. The player can also collect healing tikis, which when ten of them are collected, grants the player an extra life. The player can also earn bonus coins by performing additional tasks, including jumping through a number of rings as Alex and destroying a number of vehicles in New York City as Gloria. Plot Marty the zebra, Alex the lion, Gloria the Hippopotamus and Melman the Giraffe live in the Central Park Zoo in New York. On Marty's tenth birthday, Marty starts to have doubts that the zoo is where he belongs, and finds that life in the zoo is boring. That night, a penguin living in the zoo named Skipper decides to break out of the zoo, and invites Marty to come with him, and gives Marty directions on how to clear paths. Skipper, in order to escape himself, is forced to abandon Marty in the process, but gives him more directions. Marty manages to make it to the main exit and leave. Realizing this, Alex, Melman and Gloria decide to go and look for him. As they find him, they are surrounded by police, tranquilized, and sent to a wild life reserve. Skipper and his team of penguins: Private, Rico and Kowalski are also on board. They escape from their crate and head for the bridge where they knock the captain unconscious and turn the ship around to Antarctica. Marty, Alex, Melman and Gloria fall into the ocean in the process. Alex is washed onto a beach unconscious, and soon wakes up. Finding an opened crate which belonging to Marty on the beach, he concludes that his friends are there too, and goes off to find them. In the jungle, he helps different animals with their tasks, and in return they give him his friends' whereabouts and finally reunites with his friends. They go search for help, and find an entire tribe of lemurs having a party. The lemurs introduce themselves, and explain that the island they are on is called Madagascar, but as they talk, they are attacked by the fossas, the enemies of the lemurs. The animals protect the lemurs, and help them collect food for another party. After the party, Gloria finds that Alex is acting strange because he didn't eat any food during the party, and tells Melman to go find steak while she goes to find Marty, Melman fails in finding steak, and meets up with Maurice, Gloria and Marty. Marty announces that Alex bit him on the butt. Maurice explains that lions are supposed to eat other animals, and that Alex never harmed animals before because in the zoo food was given to him, and the four flee to the beach. A warthog named Wilbur, who falls in love with Gloria and agrees to give them information if she gives him a kiss after the work, tells them that the rescue beacon on the beach is broken, but there are many things lying around the beach that they can use to rebuild the beacon. They collect enough materials and finally, they build a beacon resembling the Statue of Liberty. Marty decides that he must go back for Alex. Meanwhile, Alex is hiding in the lair of the foosa, feeling ashamed of himself. He encounters the king of the fossa and defeats him, after which Marty arrives and rescues Alex and they give the leader to the penguins and reunite with Melman and Gloria at the beach. There, the lemurs thank the gang for their help. Reception Madagascar received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. While it was praised for its simple and fun gameplay, humor, and variety, it was criticised for its low-quality graphics, short length, and lacking replay value. Alex Navarro of GameSpot gave it a score of 7 out of 10, calling it "a short but endearing adventure that will be immediately appealing to the adolescent gamers in your household, whether or not they've seen the movie. And if they have, all the better.". Likewise, IGN also game the game a 7 out of 10, stating "those looking for a good, kid-focused platformer will find it in Madagascar. It doesn't force you through level after level of mindless item collection. Instead, it boasts a number of well-designed levels that feature a variety of play styles.". Game Informer gave the game 7/10, saying "the gameplay is simple yet heavily varied, which in turn keeps the action fresh and fun.". Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine stated "overall, the mechanics are OK, though the camera is kind of unwieldy. But very frankly, that probably won't matter all that much to the target audience." The game shipped more than 1 million copies. References External links 2005 video games Xbox games Beenox games Windows games GameCube games Activision games RenderWare games Nintendo DS games 3D platform games Toys for Bob games PlayStation 2 games Action-adventure games Game Boy Advance games Vicarious Visions games Madagascar (franchise) video games Video games about primates Video games about birthdays Works about friendship Video games set in the United States Video games set in New York (state) Video games set in New York City Video games set in Madagascar Video games set in zoos Video games scored by Michael Wandmacher Video games developed in Canada Video games developed in the United States Multiplayer and single-player video games
Super Baseball 2020 is a futuristic baseball video game. It was first released in Japan for the Neo Geo in 1991, and then it was later released in North America for the Sega Genesis (ported by NuFX and released by Electronic Arts) and Super Nintendo Entertainment System (released by Tradewest) in 1993. The North American Genesis and European Mega Drive versions feature a package illustration by Electronic Arts artist Marc Ericksen. The game follows the basic rules of baseball and gameplay from its predecessor Baseball Stars Professional, but there are several upgrades since the game takes place in the then future of 2020. The most obvious difference from real baseball is that some of the characters in this game are robots. All the human characters are equipped with powerful armor, computer sensors, and jet-packs for improved offense and defensive skills. Cyber Egg Stadium Apart from the futuristic characters, the field has also been revamped and redesigned for the future. There is only one stadium in this game, known as Cyber Egg Stadium. A ball hit over the outfield fence is no longer a home run unless it is hit directly over the fence in center field. The other areas of the outfield stands are covered with a protective glass that will cause the ball to bounce off of it and bounce back in play onto the field. The ball hitting this zone always comes back into the field but gives the batter enough time to take a base or two. However, slower runners can sometimes be thrown out at first base even if the ball is hit over the outfield fence. The reason the home run zone was reduced is because the hitters are far more powerful and have the ability to blast the ball tremendously far. Only the most powerful hitters can have the accuracy and strength to hit the ball far enough to get a home run. The foul zone has also been reduced. It is now shorter and only encompasses the area directly behind first base through third base. Weaker batters can often get a hit by swinging early or late at the ball, causing it to just barely make the fair zone in what would otherwise be the foul zone in normal baseball. Other features are also present on the field. A stop zone is present just past the field behind first and third base. If the ball touches this rectangular spot, it will stop dead. However, the stop zone is small, and the ball can often bounce right over it without stopping. It can present a problem for slower runners who were hoping the ball would bounce all the way to the fence. Near the fence there are jump zones, in which a player gets an extra boost in jump height to catch a ball that is otherwise going to go over the fence. In the Super NES version, the jump zone is only located in front of the home run zone to try to stop a ball that is going to be a home run. In other versions, the jump zones are placed all throughout the stadium's fences. In addition, every few innings, "crackers" are put on the field. Crackers are landmines that when are stepped on, sends the player sky high and leaves him shaking on the field for a few seconds, delaying the player's time to make a play. Crackers do not appear in the Super NES version. Gameplay Players Different from real baseball and other baseball video games, this game consists of both male and female characters, as well as robots. All three types of players have the same basic abilities and vary only on their personal strengths. In many cases, human players are better than their robot counterparts. One major difference between the human and robot characters is that the robot characters can blow up (or lose all their power) if they are worked too hard during a game. This can happen if the player constantly makes them dive for a ball, run extra bases, or even if they get hit by a pitch. Under no stress whatsoever, some robots, especially pitchers, will naturally run out of power as the game progresses. When this happens, they will lose all their abilities and be useless, both offensively and defensively. When that occurs, the player can either power them up or replace them with another person on the roster. Human players do not blow up, but human pitchers can tire out. When they are tired, they will pant heavily and throw the ball very slowly. This can be remedied by either an upgrade or, as in real baseball, switching to a relief pitcher. Powering up One thing that makes 2020 Super Baseball different from other games is the ability to power-up any character. During the game, players can earn money doing certain things, ranging from throwing a strike ($100) to hitting a grand slam ($10,000). Players can earn money both on defense and offense, and the money earned gets saved for use at any time during the game. Money does not get carried over to the next game, so it is wise to use it all before the game's end. Money can be deducted during the game, in the event that the player's team gets out. However, earning money is far easier than losing money. $10 can be lost for every strike thrown against the player and up to $100 for being put out. At any point in the game, as long as the player has enough money, it can be spent on upgrading players. For human players, the player can upgrade three different abilities: hitting, fielding, and pitching. Upgrading hitting power will allow the player's character to hit the ball farther; fielding power will allow them to run and throw the ball faster when on defense, and pitching upgrades (used only for pitchers) will allow a player to pitch the ball faster and more accurate. Robots can only be upgraded to more powerful robots, and human players can also be upgraded to robots. When upgrading to a robot, the character is actually replaced with a more powerful robot that glows with power. For all four categories of upgrades, there are three different levels of upgrade that can be purchased, known as A, B, and C (C being the most powerful and expensive). Every category has different prices for their upgrades, and the upgrades offer a higher percentage of power increase. The most inexpensive upgrade is fielding A (12%) for $1,000, and the most expensive is robot C (80%) for $30,000. Keep in mind when using the robot upgrade that it powers up all attributes of a character an equal amount corresponding to the upgrade level. The power received from a non-robot upgrade for a human character adds to the character's already existing powers. Therefore, if two players, one with a hitting power of two and the other nine, both receive a hitting C upgrade, the latter will still be considerably stronger. After powering up a player, they retain that upgrade throughout the duration of the game. However, if that player gets overworked during the game, they may "blow up" and lose their upgrade. When human players blow up, they return to their normal state before the upgrade. Conversely, when a robot upgrade blows up, it turns into a dead robot. A dead robot turns gray and loses all its attributes, giving it a zero in all four categories (hitting, fielding, pitching, and chance). It can still be used during the game, but it is essentially a worthless player. After blowing up, an upgraded player can always be re-upgraded as long as there remains adequate money. When a player is upgraded to A, the player can also spend the money to have them further upgraded to B or C, although this means the full price for the upgrade must be paid (discounts are not offered for those having previously upgraded). A player cannot be upgraded with the same upgrade they already have until they lose their power. In the Super NES version, the amount received is the amount if the base stealing from was taken. Stealing second awards $300 (like a single), stealing third awards $500 (double), stealing home awards $800 (triple). Limitations There is no infield fly rule in this game, which can be used to the advantage of a defender if there are base runners. Double plays and even triple plays are common because of this. A base runner cannot begin to steal bases until the pitcher has released the ball. In most baseball video games and in real life, a runner can begin to steal the next base at any time. However, stealing a base beforehand can only be done if the steal button is continuously pressed right after the screen cuts-back after the batter hit a foul ball, and the pitcher will not even notice the player running. The third baseman, second baseman, and first baseman will not leave the base to retrieve a ball. They will instead stand on the base and wait for another fielder to get the ball, which can sometimes mean they will stand there while the ball rolls inches away from them. The only exception would be if the shortstop covers third or second base for the fielder; then they remain in the stationary position. Since the game has semi-automatic fielding, the player cannot change which defensive player they want to run after the ball, which means sometimes the pitcher will end up chasing a ball well into the outfield. If a ball is hit far enough into the stands, it can sometimes become stuck, allowing the batter to garnish an inside-the-park home run. Because of the reduced home run zone, faster players can often round the bases by hitting the ball up into the fair-zone stands. The computer players will always attempt to hit the ball straight, as if trying to hit a home run, no matter what the strength of the batter. This can sometimes give an unfair advantage to the player, since they do not try to pull the ball just barely fair in order to get a hit. This has its downfall, in that some powerful players will hit home runs easily. It is not possible to play against a team from the other league except in League mode, where if the player's team wins the pennant, they advance to a one-game championship against the winner of the other league's pennant. In the SNES version the final game is against the secret team The Cosmopolitan Monolis who wear gold and black uniforms and have Nazi related names like V-2, Himmler, Tojoe and Goebbels. If more than 100 runs are scored, the player's score will turn back to zero, as there are only two spaces for your runs. Consequently, if the player scores 101 runs, and their opponent scores two runs, the player will lose the game 01–02. Players cannot change positions in the field or line up without replacing them. If another player is in the player's line of path to throw the ball, they will catch the ball after it is thrown. This means that if the shortstop retrieves a ground ball just behind third base, then the throw will get cut off by the third baseman and then the pitcher before the ball gets to first base. The pitcher will almost always get in the way, and this can present a problem when trying to pull a double play between third and first or second and home. If a base runner has touched a base they can not go back to their original base in order not to get forced out. Reception RePlay reported Super Baseball 2020 to be the third most-popular arcade game at the time. In Japan, Game Machine listed Super Baseball 2020 on their November 1, 1991 issue as being the ninth most-successful table arcade unit of the month. On release, Famicom Tsūshin scored the Neo Geo version of the game a 24 out of 40. In a retrospective review, Allgame editor Kyle Knight described the Neo Geo AES version of Super Baseball 2020 as "a lot of fun to play and a refreshing take on the game of baseball". Notes References External links Super Baseball 2020 at GameFAQs Super Baseball 2020 at Giant Bomb Super Baseball 2020 at Killer List of Videogames Super Baseball 2020 at MobyGames 1991 video games ACA Neo Geo games Arcade video games Baseball video games D4 Enterprise games Electronic Arts games Fantasy sports video games Multiplayer and single-player video games Neo Geo games Neo Geo CD games Nintendo Switch games NuFX games PlayStation Network games PlayStation 4 games Sega Genesis games SNK games Super Nintendo Entertainment System games Tradewest games Video games scored by Brian L. Schmidt Video games scored by Chris Granner Video games set in 2020 Virtual Console games Video games developed in Japan Xbox One games Hamster Corporation games
Wii Music is a music video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console. The game was released in Japan and North America in October 2008, and in Europe and Australia in the following month. Wii Music is part of both Nintendo's Touch! Generations brand and the Wii series. Wii Music focuses on creating arrangements of existing songs by controlling the members of an on-screen band. In order to do so, players choose from a selection of musical instruments that are played by mimicking the required actions using the Wii Remote and Nunchuk. Unlike other music games, such as Guitar Hero and Rock Band, players are not scored on their performance and are encouraged to experiment with different ways to play various songs. The game has been advertised by Nintendo as a means to "bring the joy and creativity of musicianship to [one's] home without expensive music lessons." Wii Music is one of the original titles announced for the Wii console, first publicly playable at E3 2006, and then later re-introduced in greater detail at E3 2008. Upon release, Wii Music received mixed reviews, gaining aggregate scores of 64.34% on GameRankings and 63 on Metacritic, with common criticism directed at its simple gameplay, imprecise motion controls and its predominantly public-domain soundtrack. As such, it is regarded as the black sheep of the Wii series and is also one of the least commercially successful entries, selling 2.65 million copies worldwide as of March 2009. Gameplay Wii Music gameplay focuses on playing and arranging songs through improvisation using various instruments. Similar to how Wii Sports simulates playing sports by mimicking the required gestures using the motion sensitive Wii Remote, Wii Music simulates playing music by mimicking the actions associated with the different instruments. Like all games in the Wii series, the players control Mii characters created using the console's Mii Channel. Instruments The game offers a selection of sixty-six playable instruments, including the violin, drum, cowbell, flute, clarinet, saxophone, harmonica, piano, guitar, trumpet, harp, shamisen, maracas, sitar and marimba, as well as unconventional instruments such as dog and cat sounds, pseudo doo-wop vocals (singer), karate shouts (blackbelt), cheerleader cheers, and 8-bit sounds. To play each of the instruments, the player mimics the required motions with the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk. Because of the varying techniques required to play different instruments, the instruments in Wii Music are divided into "groups" to which certain movements or button presses play single notes. For example, instruments such as keyboards and percussion require the player to swing the controllers as if striking drums; and some string instruments such as the violin and the guitar are played by moving the Wii Remote as if drawing a bow or strumming the strings, while the Nunchuk is held as if gripping the instrument's neck and fingerboard. The Wii Balance Board can also be utilized in playing the various drum kits, emulating the foot-operated pedals. All instruments have extra playing options, where additional button-presses or restricted movements have different effects on the sound. Softer notes can be played with slower Wii Remote movement, and holding various buttons can create damping, muting, chords, tremolo, arpeggio, and glissando. Jam Mode The game's main feature, Jam Mode, features 50 songs that consist of a combination of classical and traditional songs, seven Nintendo songs, and 15 licensed songs. Before playing the selected song, the players each choose any of the available instruments and then perform as one of six different members of a band; the six available sections are melody, harmony, chord, bass, and two percussion parts. Unoccupied sections are played by computer-controlled "Tute" characters or can be dropped altogether. Unlike other music games such as Rock Band or Guitar Hero where players are scored based on playing certain notes at specific times, Jam Mode lacks a scoring system and does not objectively penalize for missing or playing "incorrect" notes nor do players have any control over the pitch of the notes played. Instead, the internal music track for each section of all songs is specially programmed to respond to all possible player actions: the game will attempt to make any notes played be harmonious to the song, including those played outside the original melody. Consequently, players are encouraged to practice and experiment with different ways to play songs using any arrangement of instruments, either choosing to stick close to the guide or diverge from it and create unique compositions. The quality of the new arrangement is up to the player's judgement. Players can also do what is called an "Overdub" session in which the same song is played again controlling a different musician or instrument; this allows the players to play over the music recorded in previous playthroughs and allows a single player to play all parts of a band. Players can then save their overall performance as a music video for later playback, or share it with other players via WiiConnect24. Wii Music also supplies templates of each song according to existing music genres, such as pop, march, rock, and jazz, and players can take interactive tutorials to learn how to fit a song to a particular style. Songs There are 50 songs included in Wii Music, with 8 being classical, 22 being traditional, 13 popular and 7 from Nintendo game soundtracks. Only five songs are available from the start of the game with the rest having to be unlocked. Minigames Along with the freeform Jam Mode, Wii Music features four minigames that feature a scoring system: Mii Maestro, where players use the Wii Remote as a baton to conduct an orchestra, swinging the controller up and down to a certain tempo. Different movements affect the performance of the orchestra. There are no indicators of any kind to show how well the player is performing, forcing the player to try to match the original music from memory, and experiment to find which movements will yield a higher score. Multiplayer is cooperative; several players conduct the same orchestra at once, and are scored based how harmoniously they perform. Handbell Harmony, considered similar in style to Guitar Hero, where players match notes to the on-screen guide by playing two handbells, each controlled by shaking the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk. Players are scored depending on how many notes are played correctly. Pitch Perfect, which quizzes players on distinguishing different sounds from one another. The sub games inside the "Pitch Perfect" game include identifying high and low pitches, major and minor pitches and piecing together a song from scrambled notes. Drums, that allows players to play drums or to follow drum lessons. Development Wii Music was first shown, along with the Wii Remote, at the Nintendo press conference at the 2005 Tokyo Game Show. The two minigames briefly featured were Drums and Orchestra. The game was also the first Wii game ever to be demonstrated during Nintendo's E3 2006 press conference, where Shigeru Miyamoto came up to the stage to perform The Legend of Zelda Overworld Theme for the audience using the Orchestra game. Both Drums and Orchestra were also made playable to attendees. Additional details of the game were released in conjunction with a Nintendo press conference held on October 11, 2007. Wii Music was showcased during Nintendo's press conference for E3 2008, revealing much more information, including support for the Wii Balance Board to play the drums. It was revealed later on that the game has lessons for the drums programmed in. Miyamoto later announced that more than 61 instruments will be playable in the game, and explained the control scheme that uses the Wii Remote's buttons to play notes on various instrument while holding the Wii Remote in a similar fashion to the actual instrument. According to Shigeru Miyamoto, one of the game's producers, the idea for Wii Music came to be after conceptualizing different core parts of family activity, such as sports and fitness, to allow for easy connectivity to the Wii from a broad audience. After experimenting with the Wii remote and nunchuck to conduct an orchestra, they found the gameplay to be really enjoyable. The first prototype of the game was simply performing with instruments, but Miyamoto found the concept to be similar to the likes of other rhythm games at the time; he urged the developers to make differentiating ideas from the general format of these games, as he thought the games were simply about rhythm matching and not about creating music. He wanted to focus the game on creative freedom, allowing the player to play the game how they want. Reception Critical Critical reception of the game was mixed to positive, with a 63% aggregate score at Metacritic. Wii Music was given a score of A− by 1UP.com's Jennifer Tsao, who believed the game has a "surprising depth and flexibility" that rewards players who have mastered the controls. She also felt that the game's four-player custom jam mode was addictive, but lamented the abundance of public domain songs in the soundtrack. This review greatly contrasted the reviews of other editors on 1UP, who complained about a lack of depth and content. It was given 80% by Official Nintendo Magazine who praised the surprising depth of the game. GameSpy, who gave it 3.5/5, called the game an "odd duck" and something "more akin to a tech demo or social audio experiment" with little to interest adults, but is simple enough to be accessible to everyone and believed it would be a hit with young children and their families. Wii Music also got a 6.5/10 from GameSpot, who said that Wii Music, while fun and easy to pick up and play, is hard to recommend because older children and adults would only get a few hours of entertainment. The game received a 5/10 from IGN, who called the game "a noise maker tied to a series of gestures" and cited "gimmicky" controls and poor sound quality, in addition to a "fundamentally flawed" soundtrack. However, they also felt that children may enjoy the game much more than adults, who they believe may "grow bored of the experience in a matter of hours, if not minutes". Game Informer gave the game a 3/10, calling it "a poor solution to an imaginary problem". GameTrailers gave it 5.8/10, criticizing the "ancient" song list and emphasis on video creation. Sales The game sold 92,000 copies in its first week of release in Japan. It is the 30th best-selling game of Japan in 2008. In North America, the game sold around 66,000 copies in around the same period after release. It received a "Gold" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 200,000 copies in the United Kingdom. Shigeru Miyamoto has stated that the game's sales had not been as strong as originally hoped, with a possible reason for this being competition from established music and rhythm games series such as Guitar Hero and Rock Band which are dominating the market. Cammie Dunaway, Nintendo of America's executive vice president of sales and marketing, suggests Wii Music will be an "evergreen" title that will see continued sales in the long run. Wii Music was the tenth best selling game in the US for the month of November 2008 and the 11th best-selling game in the following month in the United States with more than 480,000 copies sold, and has sold 865,000 units in North America in 2008 according to the NPD Group. As of March 2009, Wii Music has sold 2.65 million copies worldwide. In an interview in 2009, Shigeru Miyamoto stated that "Wii Music was a really unique game, and even today, we are receiving several different offers from people in the field of music education. I think it still has great potential." However, when asked about future plans, Miyamoto only gave hints of future plans. "Unfortunately, we don't have any news we can talk about at the moment. But like Wii Fit Plus, it's not really a sequel to the original Wii Fit – but we have added some features to improve the overall experience. It's kind of an enhanced version." As of 2023, there has not been a sequel to Wii Music. Notes References External links Official website 2008 video games Wii-only games Music video games Touch! Generations Video games produced by Shigeru Miyamoto Wii Wi-Fi games Nintendo games Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection games Video games developed in Japan Wii games Wii Balance Board games Multiplayer and single-player video games Casual games Video games scored by Mahito Yokota Video games scored by Toru Minegishi Video games produced by Takashi Tezuka Wii (video game series)
In the field of photonics, optical chaos is chaos generated by laser instabilities using different schemes in semiconductor and fiber lasers. Optical chaos is observed in many non-linear optical systems. One of the most common examples is an optical ring resonators. Optical computing Optical chaos was a field of research in the mid-1980s and was aimed at the production of all-optical devices including all-optical computers. Researchers realised later the inherent limitation of the optical systems due to the nonlocalised nature of photons compared to highly localised nature of electrons. Communications Research in optical chaos has seen a recent resurgence in the context of studying synchronization phenomena, and in developing techniques for secure optical communications. References Photonics Chaos theory Nonlinear optics
Aga Khan Agency for Microfinance (AKAM) is a microfinancing agency of the Aga Khan Development Network. History AKAM was formally inaugurated in February 2005 by Aga Khan IV and the former president of the World Bank, James Wolfensohn. The not-for-profit agency was created under Swiss law and is based in Geneva, Switzerland. It is governed by an independent board of directors chaired by the Aga Khan. AKAM brings together the financial services programming of the Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN) at the lower end of the ladder, unifying and consolidating their objectives and principles of development under one institutional umbrella. The agency belongs to AKDN's social development branch, and as such, AKAM operates in both rural and urban areas and seeks to alleviate poverty by helping to improve incomes and quality of life through various programs, initiatives, and partnerships. Today, AKAM operates in developing countries including Afghanistan, Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Egypt, Kenya, the Kyrgyz Republic, Madagascar, Mali, Mozambique, Pakistan, Syria, Tajikistan, and Tanzania and provides various microfinance opportunities whose "versatility allows it to be adapted to the needs and circumstances of the poor in urban and rural environments." At the end of 2010, it had 156 branches in South Asia, Central Asia, the Middle East, West Africa, and East Africa, with 3,120 employees. Since its establishment in 2005, AKAM has assumed responsibility for microfinance programs that were administered by other agencies within AKDN for more than 25 years. At the end of June 2010, the agency managed a loan portfolio of over US$147.7 million in outstanding micro, small, and medium-sized loans to over 287,240 beneficiaries in 13 countries. Objectives and principles The underlying objectives of the agency are to "alleviate economic and social exclusion, diminish the vulnerability of poor populations, and reduce poverty" so as to make the beneficiaries "self-reliant and eventually gain the skills needed to graduate to the mainstream financial markets." To articulate its approach, AKAM has formulated a series of key principles. These are: Providing a broad range of microfinance services Aiming to balance costs with revenue but also generate a modest surplus to contribute to the expansion of services and geographic coverage operating alongside other AKDN agencies to draw on their experience Utilizing institutional approaches and instruments that facilitate access and address the diversity of contexts and cultures Consolidating all practices to ensure that procedures are transparent, efficient, and appropriately documented with trained staff Focusing on positive growth as required by context and circumstance Drawing on partnerships outside the network, such as governments, international agencies, and professional organizations, to expand the general frame of reference and maximize success Partners AKAM throughout the years has received support from numerous institutions all over the world. Support in this case is defined as the provision of funding and/or technical assistance. The following is a list of the international institutions and organizations which as of 2011 have supported AKAM: Agence Francaise de Dévéloppement Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation BlueOrchard Canadian International Development Agency DEG European Investment Bank European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden (FMO) International Finance Corporation Japanese International Cooperation Agency Kreditanstalt fur Wiederaufbau (KfW) MicroFinanza Rating Microfinance Investment Support Facility for Afghanistan Okiocredit PlaNet Finance Group Triple Jump The World Bank Group United States Department of Agriculture United States Agency for International Development Institutions worldwide Afghanistan The First MicroFinance Bank of Afghanistan was founded in 2003 and became one of the first banks to fall under Afghanistan's legal framework on microfinance. FMFB-A opened its first branch in Kabul in May 2004, with KfW Banking Group and the International Finance Corporation as shareholders. The microfinance market was estimated at over 303,000 clients at the end of 2009, which is still only 18 percent of the two million households living below the poverty line in the country. FMFB-A is currently the largest microfinance institution in Afghanistan in terms of outstanding portfolio size, with US$45.7 million in 2010 in microfinance loans compared to US$39.8 million in 2009. Of the total portfolio, 31 percent of the client base is rural. The institution's rural portfolio represents 13,490 loans disbursed, valued at US$22 million. FMFB-A's has a network of 45 branches, 17 of which are in rural areas, covering 14 provinces. Kyrgyzstan The First MicroCredit Company (FMCC), which was launched as a microfinance program in 2003, was established in its present form as a microcredit company in 2006. It is the largest microfinance provider in the southern region of the Kyrgyz Republic. Over 950,000 people, or 65 percent of the population, work in the agrarian sector, and 44 percent of people in the Kyrgyz Republic work on family farms. The number of FMCC loans outstanding totaled over 11,980 at the end of 2009. This is a 21 percent increase over 2008. About 41 percent of the beneficiaries of the loan portfolio were women. Adding up all of the clients, the loans disbursed were valued at more than US$13.2 million. Pakistan The First MicroFinance Bank-Pakistan (FMFB-P) was the first bank to be licensed in Pakistan in March 2002 under the country's new microfinance regulatory framework. It initially began as a program in Rawalpindi and Karachi in 2002. In 2009, FMFB-P saw a 20 percent increase in its number of loan beneficiaries as well as a 30 percent increase in the number of savers. FMFB-P finished 2010 with over 206,000 outstanding loans valued at US$33.3 million. A quarter of FMFB-P's microcredit beneficiaries are women. More than 180,000 savings clients had deposited over US$40 million with the bank by the end of the year. Drawing on other work done on client needs research, FMFB-P and Harvard University started the development of social performance indicators to understand the needs of urban and rural clients so that they can develop products to better serve their clients. Tajikistan Tajikistan is one of the least developed of the 15 former Soviet republics, partially due to limited employment possibilities in the country. The First MicroFinance Bank-Tajikistan (FMFB-T) received its banking license and commenced operations as a microfinance bank in July 2004. FMFB-T is currently one of two microfinance banks in the country, along with numerous microfinance institutions. Around 350,000 households are estimated to be living below the poverty line, out of which it is estimated that 127,000 households had access to microfinance services at the end of December 2010. At the end of 2009, FMFB-T had 11,705 outstanding loans with a total value of $20.3 million. Egypt The First MicroFinance Foundation (FMF) was established in 2005 and was able to maintain a portfolio at risk in line with worldwide best practices, achieving 98 percent operational sustainability. FMF reached nearly 19,000 beneficiaries in 2009, with outstanding loans totaling US$4.5 million. The proportion of women borrowers has been maintained at 45 percent. Demand for microfinance is estimated at 20 million households, and only one million of those households are currently being served by existing microfinance entities. A small and medium enterprise department at FMF, which was piloted in May 2009, has financed a number of businesses in Darb al-Ahmar, one of the poorest areas in Cairo. Syria The First MicroFinance Institution Syria (FMFI-S) was established as a program in March 2003 and was the first private-sector microfinance service provider in Syria. In 2009, the institution was transformed into a regulated non-bank financial institution under the new Syrian microfinance law. This allowed it to invite other shareholders, such as IFC, KfW, and EIB, and mobilize deposits from the public. At the end of 2010, FMFI-S had an outstanding portfolio of 20,004 loans valued at US$21.3 million. West Africa The Première Agence de Microfinance (PAMF) was established in 2006 to serve Mali, Burkina Faso, and Côte d'Ivoire. The number of loans disbursed in these three countries was about 32,000 in 2009. This represents a 27 percent increase compared to 2008. The value of outstanding loans was over US$4.4 million, up from US$3.4 million in 2008. Women made up 46 percent of borrowers. Deposits increased over 2008, up 50 percent in number to just over 10,000, more than doubling in value to US$722,000. Currently, PAMF's activities are overwhelmingly concentrated in rural areas and on rural products. About 85 percent of loans in the region are disbursed from rural branches. The PAMF microfinance institutions offer credit for cereal commercialization, horticulture, animal fattening, and alternatives to cotton growing. East Africa In East Africa, AKAM's primary objective is to provide loans to microenterprises and small businesses for income-generating activities such as small-scale agriculture, fishing, and retail. AKAM’s East African institutions disbursed about 8,640 loans in 2009, with 45 percent of the beneficiaries being women. The value of outstanding loans exceeded US$1.8 million. Two new branches were opened in Chiure, Mozambique, and Zanzibar, Tanzania, which brought AKAM's presence in the region to 10 branches in three countries—the third being Kenya. Madagascar The Première Agence de MicroFinance in Madagascar (PAMF-Madagascar) was established in December 2006 as a credit institution, with the first four branches established in the region of Sofia, a rural area in the north of Madagascar. In late 2008, PAMF-Madagascar became a microfinance institution. It began taking deposits in July 2009. Today, PAMF-Madagascar has 11 branches in five regions of Madagascar (Sofia, Analamanga, Boeny, Diana, and Itasy), and it now operates in both rural and urban areas. At the end of 2009, over 9,500 outstanding loans were distributed by PAMF-Madagascar. These totaled over US$1.8 million and over 1,100 savers deposited with PAMF-Madagascar. Programmes, initiatives and services Housing loans One of the key priorities for the agency was the development of a housing portfolio and methodology throughout six countries. Many of AKAM's institutions offer loans for the refurbishment and renovation of homes. By providing credit to poor families to restore and upgrade their homes, AKAM institutions are contributing to genuine improvements in the quality of life of their constituents. In Afghanistan, the First MicroFinance Bank (FMFB-A) piloted a habitat improvement product in 2008. With the support of the IFC, a housing microfinance loan product was developed. As of December 2010, FMFB-A had 5,003 outstanding housing improvement loans and an outstanding total housing loan portfolio of US$6,759,010. This product is available in 21 urban branches, and now FMFB-A is looking at adapting the product for rural areas by conducting a rural demand and repayment capacity survey to develop the most suitable product for these areas. In collaboration with the Aga Khan Planning and Building Services, Pakistan, and the Aga Khan Foundation USA, along with a grant from the United States Agency for International Development, FMFB-A will be providing construction advisory services in 2011. In 2010, the agencies took the first step and developed guidelines for the construction and retrofitting of non-engineered buildings. Based on those standards, FMFB-A will provide construction appraisal and advisory services and promote innovative housing upgrades. Construction advisory services consider a number of factors. These include site and construction material selection and construction design with regards to disaster mitigation, particularly in earthquake-prone areas, and material selection and construction design with regards to sustainability, energy efficiency, sanitation, and other health aspects. If these factors are taken into consideration, the housing infrastructure that is insufficient in both quantity and quality can be improved. Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) loans Small and medium enterprises are often referred to as the "missing middle" in developing country economies. While individual microenterprises help to sustain and support the core livelihoods of families and households and are central to improving quality of life and alleviating poverty, SME activity is at the heart of growth, sustaining jobs and employment creation for all, including youth and disadvantaged individuals. Additionally, the job creation element of SMEs can enable many poor people to feel more secure because SME loans provide a mechanism to smooth incomes so that SMEs can employ and pay monthly salaries. Through its SME lending, AKAM aims to stimulate sustainable employment to promote economic development and poverty alleviation. AKAM also supports investment in community services for broader improvements, such as improved access to health care and education and upgrades in the built environment. In 2008, based on the success in Afghanistan, the first institution to offer SME loans, AKAM launched a pilot of a similar SME initiative in Egypt, which added an integrated in-house business development services component provided directly by AKAM's microfinance institution in Egypt. On average, SMEs are responsible for the creation of around 20 full-time and part-time jobs per business. This provides the poor with a way to maintain or improve their quality of life in the face of uncertainty. Moreover, gaining access to financial services is a critical step in connecting the poor to a broader economic life and building their confidence so that they can play a role in the larger community. Call centre At the First MicroFinance Institution Syria (FMFI-S), it was found that, aside from the branch network, FMFI-S had no other channels in place to sell its products and/or services to its clients. The institution decided that the setup of a call center would improve its service and eventually its outreach. International best practices have also shown that for the microfinance client target group, this channel can be very successful and cost-effective. Some seven million Syrians, or about 38 percent of the country's population, have a mobile phone. This makes getting in touch with clients and others who have shown an interest in getting a microfinance loan easier. With the help of the Frankfurt School of Finance & Management, FMFI-S started the process of improving customer service by upgrading the staff's skills and reducing loan approval time. To ensure that the clients were getting the best possible service, FMFI-S established a call center to handle customer complaints, customer queries, or to get information to dormant clients or to people referred by other clients. The call center handles product issues, including promotional campaigns. This call center also allows the institution to diversify and expand the SME client base using lower-cost solutions than the expansion of the branch network. By the end of 2010, seven outbound campaigns had been executed. The result of this campaign was that 32 percent of those who were called had a conversation with an FMFI-S staff member. Of this 32 percent, about 10 percent went into a branch and got a loan. Although the actual outreach through the call center only equaled three percent of total loans disbursed, this is expected to increase in the coming months. All branches have anecdotally noticed that the call center has played a role in attracting new clients. Though there is an increased traffic burden on the branches, the call center has contributed to the increasing number of visitors (potential clients) in the Damascus and Masyaf branches. Agricultural lending Given the scarce access to financial services among the rural poor and the importance of agriculture as a critical livelihood activity, agricultural finance is a key focus area for AKAM. Several of AKAM's institutions, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, Pakistan, the Kyrgyz Republic, and Tajikistan, have significant rural outreach and agriculture portfolios, but the unmet demand is still vast. Where there are sister agencies, AKAM's entities collaborate to help increase the farmers’ yield. PAMF Madagascar's focus is to expand outreach in rural areas where the microfinance penetration rate is extremely low—currently at around 3.5 percent—and where poverty is high. Consequently, 62 percent of its loans are rural. Although agriculture is a mainstay of the economy, employing 80 percent of the population, access to agricultural finance is low, particularly among PAMF-Mada's focus areas of Sofia and Itasy. The focus of PAMF-Mada's initial rural expansion has been small agricultural loans; in 2010, 48 percent of the loan disbursements were for agriculture. PAMF Madagascar also collaborates with AKF to provide loans to rice farmers organized and trained by AKF in improved cultivation practices. To continue to support its target market, PAMF Madagascar expects small agricultural loans to remain an important share of its lending activity. However, to support growth in agriculture more broadly, increase impact, and support sustainability, PAMF Madagascar plans to introduce an agricultural SME product to develop appropriate financial services for other actors and gaps in the rice value chain in particular. In the Kyrgyz Republic, the First MicroCredit Company (FMCC) is the largest microfinance provider in the southern region of the country. Given FMCC's mandate to target the poor and underserved, it maintains a strong rural and agricultural focus, with agricultural and livestock loans representing 73 percent of disbursements by number in 2010. The Kyrgyz Republic's agricultural products include cotton, vegetables, and fruits. As far as total production, the largest crop is assorted types of animal fodder to feed livestock. The second largest crop is winter wheat, followed by barley, corn, and rice. Animal husbandry is the main economic input in the mountainous regions, and so sheep, goats, cattle, and wool are popular products to sell, as are chickens, horses, pigs, and in some areas, yaks. This means that not all clients will be equally affected by weather conditions or disease outbreaks. References External links Grameen-Jameel Joins Hands with Aga Khan -Zawya Changemarkers description Microfinance organizations Aga Khan Development Network
NLR may refer to: National Library of Russia, Saint Petersburg National LambdaRail, a high-speed computer network Nazi Lowriders, a white prison and criminal organization New Left Review, a political academic journal Neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio, a marker of subclinical inflammation Newark Light Rail, New Jersey, U.S. Newcastle Light Rail, Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia Nucleotide-binding leucine-rich repeat receptor/NOD-like receptor, a family of intracellular immunoreceptors North London Railway North Little Rock, Arkansas Northampton and Lamport Railway, England Royal Netherlands Aerospace Centre
AmigaOS 4 (abbreviated as OS4 or AOS4) is a line of Amiga operating systems which runs on PowerPC microprocessors. It is mainly based on AmigaOS 3.1 source code developed by Commodore, and partially on version 3.9 developed by Haage & Partner. "The Final Update" (for OS version 4.0) was released on 24 December 2006 (originally released in April 2004) after five years of development by the Belgian company Hyperion Entertainment under license from Amiga, Inc. for AmigaOne registered users. History During the five years of development, purchasers of AmigaOne machines could download pre-release versions of AmigaOS 4.0 from Hyperion's repository as long as these were made available. On 20 December 2006, Amiga, Inc. terminated the contract with Hyperion Entertainment to produce or sell AmigaOS 4. Nevertheless, AmigaOS 4.0 was released commercially for Amigas with PowerUP accelerator cards in November 2007 (having been available only to developers and beta-testers until then). The Italian computer company ACube Systems has announced Sam440ep and Sam440ep-flex motherboards, which are AmigaOS 4 compatible. Also, a third party bootloader, known as the "Moana", was released by Acube on torrent sites; it allows installation of the Sam440ep version of OS4 to Mac Mini G4s. However this is both unofficial and unsupported as of today, and very incomplete, especially regarding drivers. During the judicial procedure (between Hyperion and Amiga, Inc.), OS4 was still being developed and distributed. On 30 September 2009, Hyperion Entertainment and Amiga, Inc. reached a settlement agreement where Hyperion is granted an exclusive right to AmigaOS 3.1 and market AmigaOS 4 and subsequent versions of AmigaOS (including AmigaOS 5 without limitation). Hyperion has assured the Amiga community that it will continue the development and the distribution of AmigaOS 4.x (and beyond), as it has done since November 2001. Description AmigaOS 4 can be divided into two parts: the Workbench and the Kickstart. Workbench The Workbench is the GUI of OS4, a graphical interface file manager and application launcher for the Operating System. It also includes some general purpose tools and utility programs such as a Notepad for typing text, MultiView for viewing images and Amigaguide documents, Unarc for unpacking Archives, a PDF reader, a number of small preferences programs for changing settings of the GUI and OS, among other programs. Kickstart The Kickstart contains many of the core components of the OS. Prior to version 4 of AmigaOS the Kickstart had been released mostly on a ROM (hardware included with the computer). In OS4 the Kickstart is instead stored on the hard disk. It consists mainly of: ExecSG, a preemptive multitasking kernel. ExecSG was licensed to Hyperion Entertainment by Thomas and Hans-Jörg Frieden. Intuition, a windowing system API. AmigaDOS and AmigaShell: AmigaDOS is the disk operating system for the OS, whereas AmigaShell is the integrated Command Line Interface (CLI). The CLI and the GUI complement each other and share the same privileges. Petunia, a Motorola 68020 processor emulator with dynamic recompilation, also called just-in-time compilation (JIT compilation), for PowerPC based Amigas. It gives OS4 backward compatibility to some extent, it will only run system friendly (following the OS3.x API without communicating directly with the classic Amigas' custom chipset) AmigaOS 3.x programs. For the programs that Petunia is unable to handle, such as most "bang the hardware" (using legacy Amiga hardware directly) Amiga games and Amiga demos, UAE can be used which can emulate different Amiga chipsets (OCS, ECS, AGA) as well. Development process There have been many different versions of the AmigaOS operating system (OS) during its three decades of history. Versions 1.0 to 1.3 The first AmigaOS was introduced in 1985 and developed by Commodore International. It was nicknamed Workbench from the name of its Graphical user interface (GUI), due to an error of Commodore Marketing and Sales Department, which labeled the OS disk just with the name "Workbench Disk" and not with the correct name "AmigaOS Disk (Workbench)". The first versions of AmigaOS (1.0 and up to 1.3) are here indicated with the name of their original disks to preserve original custom. Versions 2.0 to 3.1 Workbench 2.0 improvements introduced a lot of major advances to the GUI of Amiga operating system. The blue and orange colour scheme was replaced with a grey and light blue with 3D aspect in the border of the windows. The Workbench was no longer tied to the 640×256 (PAL) or 640×200 (NTSC) display modes, and much of the system was improved with an eye to making future expansion easier. For the first time, a standardised "look and feel" was added. This was done by creating the Amiga Style Guide, and including libraries and software which assisted developers in making conformant software. Technologies included the GUI element creation library gadtools, the software installation scripting language Installer, and the AmigaGuide hypertext help system. Versions 3.5 and 3.9 After the demise of Commodore International, the later owners of the Amiga trademark granted a license to a German company called Haage & Partner to update the Amiga's operating system. Along with this update came a change in the way people referred to the Amiga's operating system. Rather than specifying "Kickstart" or "Workbench", the updates were most often referred to as simply "AmigaOS". Whereas all previous OS releases ran on vanilla Amiga 500 with 68000 and 512 kB RAM, release 3.5 onwards required a 68020 or better and at least 4 MB fast RAM. Versions 4.0 and 4.1 In 2001 Amiga Inc. signed a contract with Hyperion Entertainment to develop the PowerPC native AmigaOS 4 from their previous AmigaOS 3.1 release. Unlike the previous versions which were based on the Motorola 68k central processor, OS4 runs only on PowerPC computer systems. Amiga, Inc.'s (current Amiga trademark owners) distribution policies for AmigaOS 4.0 and any later versions required that OS4 must be bundled with all new third-party hardware "Amigas", with the sole exception of Amigas with Phase5 PowerPC accelerator boards, for which OS4 is sold separately. This requirement was overturned in the agreement reached between Amiga, Inc. and Hyperion in the settlement of a lawsuit over the ownership of AmigaOS 4. In 2014 Hyperion introduced AmigaOS 4.1 Final Edition incorporating all previous downloadable updates and some new features like unified graphics library with RTG support and support for more than 2 GB RAM. Versions 4.2 In May 2012 Hyperion announced that they were working on AmigaOS 4.2. It would introduce hardware accelerated 3D support, multi-core support, a vastly improved file system API and many other features. AmigaOS 4 prominent features Prominent features compared to other operating systems or previous versions of AmigaOS: Appearance Screens: Users can have as many different screens as they like for any purpose, each with its own application on it; or they can open a public screen which several applications can share. Switching between screens can be done in an instant, and they can come back to an application and find it exactly how they left it. It is even possible to drag the current screen down to reveal another screen behind it (even if they have different display resolutions), so that they can view two screens simultaneously, or even drag and drop files and other content from one screen to another. Menuing: The menu bar appears at the top of the screen when the right mouse button is pressed down and disappears when it is not needed, thus reducing screen clutter and giving more room to work. File handling Descriptive file structure: Operating system files are divided up into clearly labelled drawers (folders). For example, all libraries are stored in "Libs:" standard virtual device and absolute path finder for "Libs" directory, Fonts are all in "Fonts:" absolute locator, the files for language localization are all stored in "Locale:" and so on. RAM disk: A virtual hard drive, it acts like any other disk, and stores files and data in memory rather than on the hard drive. The RAM disk is dynamically resizable and takes up only as much memory as it needs to. It can be used as a temporary store for the user's own purposes or as a place for software installers to put temporary files, and is cleared out at reboot so the hard drive will not be cluttered with thousands of unnecessary files that bog down your system. Additionally there is an optional RAD disk, a recoverable version of the RAM disk, which preserves contents after a reboot. Datatypes: Recognises and handles file types: displaying a picture, playing a music file, decoding a video file, rendering a web page etc. Any application can access Datatypes transparently, and thus have the ability to use any file that it has a Datatype for. Icon handling: A file can have a default icon representing the type of file or a custom icon specific to the individual file. Additionally icons can store extra commands and metadata about the associated file – which program to open it in, for example. Assigning devices: Instead of assigning drives (devices) a letter or fixed label, each drive can be given a name. Drives can be given more than one name so the system always knows where things are. If it is the system boot drive it is also known as "Sys:". Areas of hard drive can be assigned a label as if they were a virtual disk. For example, it is possible to mount MP3 players as "MP3:" and external networked resources as logical devices. Other Live CD: The OS4 installation CD can be used as a Live CD. Dockies: A fully configurable docking bar for icons, allowing quick access to most used applications. These dock bar icons, "Dockies", are fully dynamic, which means they can show real-time content and act as useful micro tools. A Docky might act as a magnifying glass, display the time, or show you the latest weather forecast or stock market information direct from the Internet. Scripting: Implemented scripting as a fundamental feature. Using the AREXX scripting language and Python it is possible to automate, integrate and remote control almost every application and function of the computer. Function sets and tools from several applications can be brought together into a single, integrated interface to allow the most complex jobs to be performed with the utmost simplicity. The Grim Reaper: The "Guru Meditation" is replaced by "The Grim Reaper", a crash handling system that attempts to catch crashes and attempts to stop them from getting out of control. It can provide complete information about the crash and optionally suspend the offending task. AmiUpdate: Is an updating system designed purely for the latest incarnation of the AmigaOS 4. It is able to update OS files and also all Amiga programs which are registered to use the same update program that is standard for Amiga. Updating AmigaOS requires only few libraries to be put in standard OS location "Libs:", "Fonts:" etc. This leaves Amiga users with a minimal knowledge of the system almost free to perform by hand the update of the system files. SDK: A Software development kit is available that includes various versions of the GCC compiler, sample code and tools to allow developers to make programs for AmigaOS 4.1 or later. Compatible hardware Amiga Released for Amigas equipped with third party PPC add-on boards: Blizzard PPC equipped Amiga 1200 Blizzard 2604e (prototype card) equipped Amiga 2000 CyberStorm PPC equipped Amiga 3000 or Amiga 4000 AmigaOne Released for AmigaOne motherboards: AmigaOne-SE (A1-SE) AmigaOne-XE (A1-XE) Micro-AmigaOne (Micro-A1) AmigaOne X1000 (A1X1K; A1-X1000) AmigaOne 500 (A1-500), an AmigaOne computer based upon the Sam460ex board introduced by Acube Systems. AmigaOne X5000 (A1X5K; A1-X5000) Pegasos Released for Pegasos systems: Pegasos II (Peg2) Samantha Released for Sam440 systems: Sam440ep Sam440ep-flex Sam460ex Versions Future For the AmigaOS 4.2, Hyperion Entertainment planned the following updates: Multiple core support (SMP) New ExecSG scheduler Selectable policy for scheduling (may include per task) Scheduling of task groups with internal scheduling of tasks within that group Scheduling of tasks across multiple CPU cores (may include core affinity) Support for real-time scheduling Graphics and Gallium3D Enables access to full OpenGL implementations like Mesa Compositing may be done via Gallium3D Opens the door to replacing the entire graphics subsystem multi-header support See also Amiga AmigaOS AmigaOS versions AROS History of the Amiga Linux on Power MorphOS References Notes Review of Micro-AmigaOne and AmigaOS 4 Developer Prerelease Ars Technica reviews AmigaOS 4.0 Ars Technica reviews AmigaOS 4.1 A history of the Amiga, part 1 AmigaOS 4.0 - the fourth pre-release update External links 2006 software Amiga software AmigaOS 4 software Operating system distributions bootable from read-only media PowerPC operating systems
In parallel algorithms, the list ranking problem involves determining the position, or rank, of each item in a linked list. That is, the first item in the list should be assigned the number 1, the second item in the list should be assigned the number 2, etc. Although it is straightforward to solve this problem efficiently on a sequential computer, by traversing the list in order, it is more complicated to solve in parallel. As wrote, the problem was viewed as important in the parallel algorithms community both for its many applications and because solving it led to many important ideas that could be applied in parallel algorithms more generally. History The list ranking problem was posed by , who solved it with a parallel algorithm using logarithmic time and O(n log n) total steps (that is, O(n) processors). Over a sequence of many subsequent papers, this was eventually improved to linearly many steps (O(n/log n) processors), on the most restrictive model of synchronous shared-memory parallel computation, the exclusive read exclusive write PRAM (; ;). This number of steps matches the sequential algorithm. Related problems List ranking can equivalently be viewed as performing a prefix sum operation on the given list, in which the values to be summed are all equal to one. The list ranking problem can be used to solve many problems on trees via an Euler tour technique, in which one forms a linked list that includes two copies of each edge of the tree, one in each direction, places the nodes of this list into an ordered array using list ranking, and then performs prefix sum computations on the ordered array . For instance, the height of each node in the tree may be computed by an algorithm of this type in which the prefix sum adds 1 for each downward edge and subtracts 1 for each upward edge. References . . . . . Parallel computing
Benoit Schillings is a Belgian software engineer, who is the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) at Google[x] leading the early projects at X. He is known for being one of the lead developers of the Be Operating System (BeOS) and is a noted amateur astronomer. Schillings' association with Be Inc. began in 1990 when, as a developer of software for the Apple Macintosh, he visited the Apple Expo in Paris and met Jean-Louis Gassée. Gassée, who had just left Apple Computer to found Be, asked Schillings to become the second engineer at Be where he would work on the operating system for a new computer called the BeBox. Schillings accepted the offer and, starting in March 1991, developed a file system (now known as the Old Be File System or OFS) and an associated user-space database application (called Zookeeper) that indexed the metadata in the file system. The file system was fast and efficient, but was later replaced by Dominic Giampaolo's Be File System. Schillings also developed the graphics system for BeOS (known as the App Server), as well as programming frameworks such as the Interface Kit and Application Kit that are used by software developers to write software for the operating system. Before joining Trolltech in October 2005, Schillings worked as a "Distinguished Engineer" and CTO at Openwave where, with Mike Reed, he led a team that developed Version 7 of the Openwave Phone Suite mobile phone applications. Benoit also ran the android and iOS mobile teams at Yahoo from 2013 until 2017. See also 3dmiX futex References External links Be Engineering Insights: Benaphores First implementation of futex Benoit Schillings's page on telescope images. Be Inc. people Living people Chief technology officers Year of birth missing (living people)
Dergaon (IPA: ˈdɜːˌgɑ̃ʊ) is a town and a municipality in the Golaghat district of Assam, India. It is 282 km from the state capital Guwahati. Hemchandra Barua, the compiler of Hemkosh (the earliest Assamese-English dictionary) was from Dergaon. History Dergaon also known as Devargaon which implies the village of god Shiva. This area was captured from the Kacharis during the reign of Suhungmung. It has the famous Negheriting Shiva Doul constructed by Swargadeo Rajeswar Singha In 1765. Ahoms kings had established here a royal station (Rajabahor), a Pilkhana (centre of elephant training) and a dockyard called Negeri Noasali. Geography Dergaon is located at . It has an average elevation of 82 metres (269 feet). Demographics India census, Dergaon had a population of 13,364. Males constitute 56% of the population and females 44%. Dergaon has an average literacy rate of 85%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 88% and, female literacy is 81%. In Dergaon, 10% of the population is under 6 years of age. Politics Dergaon is part of Kaliabor (Lok Sabha constituency). Dergaon (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is a constituency in the 126 member Assam Legislative Assembly. It is reserved for Scheduled Caste candidates. The present MLA is Bhabendra Nath Bharali of Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) preceded by Smti. Arati Hazarika Kachari of Indian National Congress. Transport Dergaon is very well connected by roadways to all the places of Assam. The National Highway 37 passes through Dergaon. Barua Bamun Gaon (BBGN) railway station is the closest railway station of Dergaon. The nearest airport is Rowriah Airport which is at Jorhat town. Education Dergaon Kamal Dowerah College (DKD College) (website), Police Training College (website) and Dergaon Higher Secondary School are some of the oldest educational institutions in Dergaon. Started in 1908, Dergaon Higher Secondary School has recently observed its 100's anniversary. Besides these, the Girls' H.S. School, Indrani Devi High School and Shishu Bharati High School has also given much importance on the all-round development of the students of this town. Don Bosco High School, established in 1995, a prominent English medium school of the town, had the first result of HSLC in 2007. Shankardev Shishu Niketan, Dergaon, pioneer in Assamese medium for private sector schools, is also significant for its good education, brilliant results and co-curricular activities. Apart from this Shankardev Sishu Niketan Kakodonga, located in Majukuchi gaon and established in the year 2001 is also considered as a very good high school in dergaon producing notable results in the last years. There are a number of private junior colleges and schools in Dergaon, among these Radiant College, Udayan Academy, Alpine English School, Maria Nivas School are some of the well known private institutions in the town. Notable people Chandradhar Barua, Assamese eminent writer, poet, dramatist Nilmani Phookan Jr, Assamese poet and academic Notes References Cities and towns in Golaghat district Golaghat district
Criticism of Windows XP deals with issues with security, performance and the presence of product activation errors that are specific to the Microsoft operating system Windows XP. Security issues Windows XP has been criticized for its vulnerabilities due to buffer overflows and its susceptibility to malware such as viruses, trojan horses, and worms. Nicholas Petreley for The Register notes that "Windows XP was the first version of Windows to reflect a serious effort to isolate users from the system, so that users each have their own private files and limited system privileges." However, users by default receive an administrator account that provides unrestricted access to the underpinnings of the system. If the administrator's account is compromised, there is no limit to the control that can be asserted over the PC. Windows XP Home Edition also lacks the ability to administer security policies and denies access to the Local Users and Groups utility. Microsoft stated that the release of security patches is often what causes the spread of exploits against those very same flaws, as crackers figure out what problems the patches fix and then launch attacks against unpatched systems. For example, in August 2003 the Blaster worm exploited a vulnerability present in every unpatched installation of Windows XP, and was capable of compromising a system even without user action. In May 2004 the Sasser worm spread by using a buffer overflow in a remote service present on every installation. Patches to prevent both of these well-known worms had already been released by Microsoft. Increasingly widespread use of Service Pack 2 and greater use of personal firewalls may also contribute to making worms like these less common. Many attacks against Windows XP systems come in the form of trojan horse e-mail attachments which contain worms. A user who opens the attachment can unknowingly infect his or her own computer, which may then e-mail the worm to more people. Notable worms of this sort that have infected Windows XP systems include Mydoom, Netsky and Bagle. To discourage users from running such programs, Service Pack 2 includes the Attachment Execution Service which records the origin of files downloaded with Internet Explorer or received as an attachment in Outlook Express. If a user tries to run a program downloaded from an untrusted security zone, Windows XP with Service Pack 2 will prompt the user with a warning. Spyware and adware are a continuing problem on Windows XP and other versions of Windows. Spyware is also a concern for Microsoft with regard to service pack updates; Barry Goff, a group product manager at Microsoft, said some spyware could cause computers to freeze up upon installation of Service Pack 2. In January 2005, Microsoft released a free beta version of Windows Defender which removes some spyware and adware from computers. Windows XP offers some useful security benefits, such as Windows Update, which can be set to install security patches automatically, and a built-in firewall. If a user doesn't install the updates for a long time after the Windows Update icon is displayed in the toolbar, Windows will automatically install them and restart the computer on its own. This can lead to the loss of unsaved data if the user is away from the computer when the updates are installed. Service Pack 2 enables the firewall by default. It also adds increased memory protection to let the operating system take advantage of new No eXecute technology built into CPUs such as the AMD64. This allows Windows XP to prevent some buffer overflow exploits. On April 8, 2014, extended support of Windows XP ended. As this means that security vulnerabilities are no longer patched, the general advice given by both Microsoft and security specialists is to no longer use Windows XP. Antitrust concerns In light of the United States v. Microsoft Corp. case which resulted in Microsoft being convicted for illegally abusing its operating system monopoly to overwhelm competition in other markets, Windows XP has drawn fire for integrating user applications such as Windows Media Player and Windows Messenger into the operating system, as well as for its close ties to the Windows Live ID (now Microsoft account) service. In 2001, ProComp – a group including several of Microsoft's rivals, including Oracle, Sun, and Netscape – claimed that the bundling and distribution of Windows Media Player in Windows XP was a continuance of Microsoft's anticompetitive behavior and that the integration of Windows Live ID (at the time Microsoft Passport) into Windows XP was a further example of Microsoft attempting to gain a monopoly in web services. Both of these claims were rebutted by the Association for Competitive Technology (ACT) and the Computing Technology Industry Association (CompTIA), both partially funded by Microsoft. The battle being fought by fronts for each side was the subject of a heated exchange between Oracle's Larry Ellison and Microsoft's Bill Gates. Microsoft responded on its "Freedom to Innovate" web site, pointing out that in earlier versions of Windows, Microsoft had integrated tools such as disk defragmenters, graphical file managers, and TCP/IP stacks, and there had been no protest that Microsoft was being anti-competitive. Microsoft asserted that these tools had moved from special to general usage and therefore belonged in its operating system. To avoid the possibility of an injunction, which might have delayed the release of Windows XP, Microsoft changed its licensing terms to allow PC manufacturers to hide access to Internet Explorer (but not remove it). Competitors dismissed this as a trivial gesture. Later, Microsoft released a utility as part of Service Pack 1 (SP1) which allows icons and other links to bundled software such as Internet Explorer, Windows Media Player, and Windows Messenger (not to be confused with the similar-named Windows Live Messenger, formerly MSN Messenger) to be removed. The components themselves remain in the system; Microsoft maintains that they are necessary for key Windows functionality (such as the HTML Help system and Windows desktop), and that removing them completely may result in unwanted consequences. One critic, Shane Brooks, has argued that Internet Explorer could be removed without adverse effects, as demonstrated with his product XPLite. Dino Nuhagic created his nLite software to remove many components from XP prior to installation of the product. In addition, in the first release of Windows XP, the "Buy Music Online" feature always used Microsoft's Internet Explorer rather than any other web browser that the user may have set as their default. Under pressure from the United States Department of Justice, Microsoft released a patch in early 2004, which corrected the problem. Backward compatibility Migrating from Windows 9x to XP can be an issue for users dependent upon MS-DOS. Although XP comes with the ability to run DOS programs in a virtual DOS machine, it still has trouble running many old DOS programs. This is largely because it is a Windows NT system and does not use DOS as a base OS, and because the Windows NT architecture is different from Windows 9x. Some DOS programs that cannot run natively on XP, notably programs that rely on direct access to hardware, can be run in emulators, such as DOSBox or virtual machines, like VMware, Virtual PC, or VirtualBox. This also applies to programs that only require direct access to certain common emulated hardware components, like memory, keyboard, graphics cards, and serial ports. With DOS emulators, 32-bit versions of Windows XP can run almost any program designed for any previous Microsoft operating system. Only 64-bit versions of XP have major backward-compatibility issues. This is because old 16-bit Windows programs require a tool called NTVDM, which is only present in the 32-bit version of the OS. However, this is true of every version of Windows that comes in both 32-bit and 64-bit versions, and it is not specific to XP; additionally, virtual machine software such as VirtualBox can run 16-bit DOS and Windows programs even on 64-bit versions of Windows. Product activation and verification Product activation In an attempt to reduce piracy, Microsoft introduced product activation in Windows XP. Activation required the computer or the user to activate with Microsoft (either online or over the phone) within a certain amount of time in order to continue using the operating system. If the user's computer system ever changes — for example, if two or more relevant components of the computer itself are upgraded — Windows will return to the unactivated state and will need to be activated again within a defined grace period. If a user tried to reactivate too frequently, the system will refuse to activate online. The user must then contact Microsoft by telephone to obtain a new activation code. However, activation only applied to retail and "system builder" (intended for use by small local PC builders) copies of Windows. "Royalty OEM" (used by large PC vendors) copies are instead locked to a special signature in the machine's BIOS (and will demand activation if moved to a system whose motherboard does not have the signature) and volume license copies do not require activation at all. This led to pirates simply using volume license copies with volume license keys that were widely distributed on the Internet. Product key testing In addition to activation, Windows XP service packs will refuse to install on Windows XP systems with product keys known to be widely used in unauthorized installations. These product keys are either intended for use with one copy (for retail and system builder), for one OEM (for BIOS locked copies) or to one company (for volume license copies) and are included with the product. However a number of volume license product keys (which as mentioned above avoid the need for activation) were posted on the Internet and were then used for a large number of unauthorized installations. The service packs contain a list of these keys and will not update copies of Windows XP that use them. Microsoft developed a new key verification engine for Windows XP Service Pack 2 that could detect illicit keys, even those that had never been used before. After an outcry from security consultants who feared that denying security updates to illegal installations of Windows XP would have wide-ranging consequences even for legal owners, Microsoft elected to disable the new key verification engine. Service Pack 2 only checks for the same small list of commonly used keys as Service Pack 1. This means that while Service Pack 2 will not install on copies of Windows XP which use the older set of copied keys, those who use keys which have been posted more recently may be able to update their systems. Windows Genuine Advantage To try to curb piracy based on leaked or generated volume license keys, Microsoft introduced Windows Genuine Advantage (WGA). WGA comprises two parts, a verification tool which must be used to get certain downloads from Microsoft and a user notification system. WGA for Windows was followed by verification systems for Internet Explorer 7, Windows Media Player 11, Windows Defender, Microsoft Office 2007 and certain updates. In late 2007, Microsoft removed the WGA verification from the installer for Internet Explorer 7 saying that the purpose of the change was to make IE7 available to all Windows users. If the license key is judged not genuine, it displays a nag screen at regular intervals asking the user to buy a license from Microsoft. In addition, the user's access to Microsoft Update is restricted to critical security updates, and as such, new versions of enhancements and other Microsoft products will no longer be able to be downloaded or installed. On August 26, 2008, Microsoft released a new WGA activation program that displays a plain black desktop background for computers failing validation. The background can be changed, but reverts after 1 hour. Common criticisms of WGA have included its description as a "Critical Security Update", causing Automatic Updates to download it without user intervention on default settings, its behavior compared to spyware of "phoning home" to Microsoft every time the computer is connected to the Internet, the failure to inform end users what exactly WGA would do once installed (rectified by a 2006 update), the failure to provide a proper uninstallation method during beta testing (users were given manual removal instructions that did not work with the final build), and its sensitivity to hardware changes which cause repeated need for reactivation in the hands of some developers. Also if the user has no connection to the Internet or a phone, it will be difficult to activate it normally. Strictly speaking, neither the download nor the install of the Notifications is mandatory; the user can change their Automatic Update settings to allow them to choose what updates may be downloaded for installation. If the update is already downloaded, the user can choose not to accept the supplemental EULA provided for the Notifications. In both cases, the user can also request that the update not be presented again. Newer Critical Security Updates may still be installed with the update hidden. However this setting will only have effect on the existing version of Notifications, so it can appear again as a new version. In 2006, California resident Brian Johnson attempted to bring a class action lawsuit against Microsoft, on grounds that Windows Genuine Advantage Notifications violated the spyware laws in the state; the lawsuit was dismissed in 2010. Default theme Windows XP's default theme, Luna, was criticized by some users for its childish look. See also Criticism of Microsoft Criticism of Internet Explorer Criticism of Windows Vista Criticism of Windows 10 Free Software Foundation anti-Windows campaigns Windows refund References External links Microsoft criticisms and controversies Windows XP Windows XP
Ground zero describes the point on the Earth's surface (its hypocenter) closest to a nuclear detonation. In the case of an explosion above the ground, ground zero refers to the point on the ground directly below the nuclear detonation. Ground zero may also refer to: The World Trade Center site in New York City, after the September 11 attacks The hypocenters of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki The central plaza of The Pentagon during the Cold War Books Ground Zero (book), by Andrew Holleran Ground Zero, X-Files novel by Kevin J. Anderson Ground Zero (Deathlands novel) Ground Zero (Repairman Jack novel) Campaigns Ground Zero (campaign) in the United States, concerning nuclear weapons Climate Ground Zero campaign, in the United States, against mountaintop-removal mining Video games Ground Zero: Texas, for the Sega CD Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes Films Ground Zero (1973 film) Ground Zero (1987 film) At Ground Zero, 1993 film Bloodfist VI: Ground Zero, 1995 film Resident Evil: Ground Zero, the working title of 2002 film Resident Evil Music Ground Zero (band), led by Otomo Yoshihide Ground Zero (blues club), owned by actor Morgan Freeman Albums Ground Zero, album by Vindictiv with Göran Edman and Oliver Hartmann 2009 Ground Zero (13AD album) Ground Zero (As Blood Runs Black album) Songs "Ground Zero", a song by Kerry Livgren from the 1980 album Seeds of Change "Ground Zero" (song), by Chris Cornell "Ground Zero", a song by Lil Wayne from the 2010 album Rebirth "Ground Zero", a song by Parkway Drive from the 2022 album Darker Still Radio and television Ground Zero (TV program), a 1997–2001 Australian music television program that aired on Network Ten Ground Zero: In Your House, a 1997 World Wrestling Federation pay-per-view event Hotel Ground Zero, a 2009 television documentary, United States Art Ground Zero Gallery ru:Ground Zero
A clamper (or clamping circuit or clamp) is an electronic circuit that fixes either the positive or the negative peak excursions of a signal to a defined voltage by adding a variable positive or negative DC voltage to it. The clamper does not restrict the peak-to-peak excursion of the signal (clipping); it moves the whole signal up or down so as to place its peaks at the reference level. A diode clamp (a simple, common type) consists of a diode, which conducts electric current in only one direction and prevents the signal exceeding the reference value; and a capacitor, which provides a DC offset from the stored charge. The capacitor forms a time constant with a resistor load, which determines the range of frequencies over which the clamper will be effective. General function A clamper will bind the upper or lower extreme of a waveform to a fixed DC voltage level. These circuits are also known as DC voltage restorers. Clampers can be constructed in both positive and negative polarities. When unbiased, clamping circuits will fix the voltage lower limit (or upper limit, in the case of negative clampers) to 0 volts. These circuits clamp a peak of a waveform to a specific DC level compared with a capacitively coupled signal, which swings about its average DC level. The clamping network is one that will "clamp" a signal to a different DC level. The network must have a capacitor, a diode, and optionally a resistive element and/or load, but it can also employ an independent DC supply to introduce an additional shift. The magnitude of R and C must be chosen such that the time constant RC is large enough to ensure that the voltage across the capacitor does not discharge significantly during the interval the diode is nonconducting. Types Clamp circuits are categorised by their operation: negative or positive, and biased or unbiased. A positive clamp circuit (negative peak clamper) outputs a purely positive waveform from an input signal; it offsets the input signal so that all of the waveform is greater than 0 V. A negative clamp is the opposite of this—this clamp outputs a purely negative waveform from an input signal. A bias voltage between the diode and ground offsets the output voltage by that amount. For example, an input signal of peak value 5 V (VINpeak = 5 V) is applied to a positive clamp with a bias of 3 V (VBIAS = 3 V), the peak output voltage will be: VOUTpeak = 2 × VINpeak + VBIAS VOUTpeak = 2 × 5 V + 3 V VOUTpeak = 13 V (The peak to peak excursion remains at 10V.) Positive unbiased In the negative cycle of the input AC signal, the diode is forward biased and conducts, charging the capacitor to the peak negative value of VIN. During the positive cycle, the diode is reverse biased and thus does not conduct. The output voltage is therefore equal to the voltage stored in the capacitor plus the input voltage, so VOUT = VIN + VINpeak. This is also called a Villard circuit. Negative unbiased A negative unbiased clamp is the opposite of the equivalent positive clamp. In the positive cycle of the input AC signal, the diode is forward biased and conducts, charging the capacitor to the peak positive value of VIN. During the negative cycle, the diode is reverse biased and thus does not conduct. The output voltage is therefore equal to the voltage stored in the capacitor plus the input voltage again, so VOUT = VIN − VINpeak. Positive biased A positive biased voltage clamp is identical to an equivalent unbiased clamp but with the output voltage offset by the bias amount VBIAS. Thus, VOUT = VIN + (VINpeak + VBIAS). Negative biased A negative biased voltage clamp is likewise identical to an equivalent unbiased clamp but with the output voltage offset in the negative direction by the bias amount VBIAS. Thus, VOUT = VIN − (VINpeak + VBIAS). Op-amp circuit The figure shows an op-amp-based clamp circuit with a non-zero reference clamping voltage. The advantage here is that the clamping level is at precisely the reference voltage. There is no need to take into account the forward voltage drop of the diode (which is necessary in the preceding simple circuits as this adds to the reference voltage). The effect of the diode voltage drop on the circuit output will be divided down by the gain of the amplifier, resulting in an insignificant error. The circuit also has a great improvement in linearity at small input signals in comparison to the simple diode circuit and is largely unaffected by changes in the load. Clamping for input protection Clamping can be used to adapt an input signal to a device that cannot make use of or may be damaged by the signal range of the original input. Principles of operation During the first negative phase of the AC input voltage, the capacitor in a positive clamper circuit charges rapidly. As Vin becomes positive, the capacitor serves as a voltage doubler; since it has stored the equivalent of Vin during the negative cycle, it provides nearly that voltage during the positive cycle. This essentially doubles the voltage seen by the load. As Vin becomes negative, the capacitor acts as a battery of the same voltage of Vin. The voltage source and the capacitor counteract each other, resulting in a net voltage of zero as seen by the load. Loading For passive type clampers with a capacitor, followed by a diode in parallel with the load, the load can significantly affect performance. The magnitude of R and C are chosen so that the time constant, , is large enough to ensure that the voltage across the capacitor does not discharge significantly during the diode's non-conducting interval. A load resistance that is too low (heavy load) will partially discharge the capacitor and cause the waveform peaks to drift off the intended clamp voltage. This effect is greatest at low frequencies. At a higher frequency, there is less time between cycles for the capacitor to discharge. The capacitor cannot be made arbitrarily large to overcome load discharge. During the conducting interval, the capacitor must be recharged. The time taken to do this is governed by a different time constant, this time set by the capacitance and the internal impedance of the driving circuit. Since the peak voltage is reached in one quarter cycle and then starts to fall again, the capacitor must be recharged in a quarter cycle. This requirement calls for a low value of capacitance. The two conflicting requirements for capacitance value may be irreconcilable in applications with a high driving impedance and low load impedance. In such cases, an active circuit must be used such as the op-amp circuit described above. Biased versus non-biased By using a voltage source and resistor, the clamper can be biased to bind the output voltage to a different value. The voltage supplied to the potentiometer will be equal to the offset from zero (assuming an ideal diode) in the case of either a positive or negative clamper (the clamper type will determine the direction of the offset). If a negative voltage is supplied to either positive or negative, the waveform will cross the x-axis and be bound to a value of this magnitude on the opposite side. Zener diodes can also be used in place of a voltage source and potentiometer, hence setting the offset at the Zener voltage. Examples Clamping circuits were common in analog television receivers. These sets have a DC restorer circuit, which returns the voltage of the video signal during the "back porch" of the line blanking (retrace) period to 0 V. Low-frequency interference, especially power line hum, induced onto the signal spoils the rendering of the image and, in extreme, cases causes the set to lose synchronization. This interference can be effectively removed via this method. See also Clipper (electronics), a circuit that imposes a fixed limit and does not offset the signal Envelope detector, a circuit that outputs the maximum (or minimum); a clamper with the diode and capacitor exchanged Schottky diode Snubber, a circuit that reduces dV/dt or limits peak voltage, in order to reduce arcing or breakdown References Further reading Electronic circuits
A database refactoring is a simple change to a database schema that improves its design while retaining both its behavioral and informational semantics. Database refactoring does not change the way data is interpreted or used and does not fix bugs or add new functionality. Every refactoring to a database leaves the system in a working state, thus not causing maintenance lags, provided the meaningful data exists in the production environment. A database refactoring is conceptually more difficult than a code refactoring; code refactorings only need to maintain behavioral semantics while database refactorings also must maintain informational semantics. A database schema is typically refactored for one of several reasons: To develop the schema in an evolutionary manner in parallel with the evolutionary design of the rest of the system. To fix design problems with an existing legacy database schema. Database refactorings are often motivated by the desire for database normalization of an existing production database, typically to "clean up" the design of the database. To implement what would be a large (and potentially risky) change as a series of small, low-risk changes. Categories of database refactoring In 2006 Scott Ambler, Pramod Sadalage describe the following categories of database refactoring: Architecture Refactoring A change which improves the overall manner in which external programs interact with a database. Methods of Architecture Refactoring category: Add CRUD Methods; Add Mirror Table; Add Read Method; Encapsulate Table With View; Introduce Calculation Method; Introduce Index; Introduce Read Only Table; Migrate Method From Database; Migrate Method To Database; Replace Method(s) With View; Replace View With Methods(s); Use Official Data Source. Structural Refactoring A change to the table structure of your database schema. Methods of Structural Refactoring category: Drop Column; Drop Table; Drop View; Introduce Calculated Column; Introduce Surrogate Key; Merge Columns; Merge Tables; Move Column; Rename Column; Rename Table; Rename View; Replace LOB With Table; Replace Column; Replace One-To-Many With Associative Tables; Replace Surrogate Key With Natural Key; Split Column; Split Table. Data Quality Refactoring A change which improves and/or ensures the consistency and usage of the values stored within the database. Methods of Data Quality Refactoring category: Add Lookup Table; Apply Standard Codes; Apply Standard Type; Consolidate Key Strategy; Drop Column Constraint; Drop Default Value; Drop Non Nullable; Introduce Column Constraint; Introduce Common Format; Introduce Default Value; Make Column Non Nullable; Move Data; Replace Type Code With Property Flags. Referential Integrity Refactoring A change which ensures that a referenced row exists within another table and/or that ensures that a row which is no longer needed is removed appropriately. Methods of Referential Integrity Refactoring category: Add Foreign Key Constraint; Add Trigger for Calculated Column; Drop Foreign Key Constraint; Introduce Cascading Delete; Introduce Hard Delete; Introduce Soft Delete; Introduce Trigger for History. Transformation A change which changes the semantics of your database schema by adding new elements to it or by modifying existing elements. Methods of Transformation category: Insert Data; Introduce New Column; Introduce New Table; Introduce View; Update Data. Method Refactoring A change which improves the quality of a stored procedure, stored function, or trigger. Methods of the Method Refactoring category: Parameterize Methods; Remove Parameter; Rename Method; Reorder Parameters; Replace Parameter with Explicit Methods; Consolidate Conditional Expression; Decompose Conditional; Extract Method; Introduce Variable; Remove Control Flag; Remove Middle Man; Replace Literal with Table Lookup; Replace Nested; Conditional with Guard Clauses; Split Temporary Variable; Substitute Algorithm. In 2019 Vladislav Struzik supplemented the categories of database refactoring with a new one: Access Refactoring A change which relates to data access. Methods of the Access Refactoring category: Change Authentication Attributes; Revoke Authorization Privileges; Grant Authorization Privileges; Extract Database Schema; Merge Database Schemas. Process of database refactoring The process of database refactoring is the act of applying database refactorings to evolve an existing database schema (database refactoring is a core practice of evolutionary database design). There are three considerations that need to be taken into account: How a single refactoring is implemented How database refactorings are tracked and shared within organizations How a series of database refactorings are applied See also Database testing Data migration Denormalization Refactoring Test-driven development Unit testing References External links Database Refactoring Website by Pramod Sadalage Extreme programming Databases
Conditional random fields (CRFs) are a class of statistical modeling methods often applied in pattern recognition and machine learning and used for structured prediction. Whereas a classifier predicts a label for a single sample without considering "neighbouring" samples, a CRF can take context into account. To do so, the predictions are modelled as a graphical model, which represents the presence of dependencies between the predictions. What kind of graph is used depends on the application. For example, in natural language processing, "linear chain" CRFs are popular, for which each prediction is dependent only on its immediate neighbours. In image processing, the graph typically connects locations to nearby and/or similar locations to enforce that they receive similar predictions. Other examples where CRFs are used are: labeling or parsing of sequential data for natural language processing or biological sequences, part-of-speech tagging, shallow parsing, named entity recognition, gene finding, peptide critical functional region finding, and object recognition and image segmentation in computer vision. Description CRFs are a type of discriminative undirected probabilistic graphical model. Lafferty, McCallum and Pereira define a CRF on observations and random variables as follows: Let be a graph such that , so that is indexed by the vertices of . Then is a conditional random field when each random variable , conditioned on , obeys the Markov property with respect to the graph; that is, its probability is dependent only on its neighbours in G: , where means that and are neighbors in . What this means is that a CRF is an undirected graphical model whose nodes can be divided into exactly two disjoint sets and , the observed and output variables, respectively; the conditional distribution is then modeled. Inference For general graphs, the problem of exact inference in CRFs is intractable. The inference problem for a CRF is basically the same as for an MRF and the same arguments hold. However, there exist special cases for which exact inference is feasible: If the graph is a chain or a tree, message passing algorithms yield exact solutions. The algorithms used in these cases are analogous to the forward-backward and Viterbi algorithm for the case of HMMs. If the CRF only contains pair-wise potentials and the energy is submodular, combinatorial min cut/max flow algorithms yield exact solutions. If exact inference is impossible, several algorithms can be used to obtain approximate solutions. These include: Loopy belief propagation Alpha expansion Mean field inference Linear programming relaxations Parameter Learning Learning the parameters is usually done by maximum likelihood learning for . If all nodes have exponential family distributions and all nodes are observed during training, this optimization is convex. It can be solved for example using gradient descent algorithms, or Quasi-Newton methods such as the L-BFGS algorithm. On the other hand, if some variables are unobserved, the inference problem has to be solved for these variables. Exact inference is intractable in general graphs, so approximations have to be used. Examples In sequence modeling, the graph of interest is usually a chain graph. An input sequence of observed variables represents a sequence of observations and represents a hidden (or unknown) state variable that needs to be inferred given the observations. The are structured to form a chain, with an edge between each and . As well as having a simple interpretation of the as "labels" for each element in the input sequence, this layout admits efficient algorithms for: model training, learning the conditional distributions between the and feature functions from some corpus of training data. decoding, determining the probability of a given label sequence given . inference, determining the most likely label sequence given . The conditional dependency of each on is defined through a fixed set of feature functions of the form , which can be thought of as measurements on the input sequence that partially determine the likelihood of each possible value for . The model assigns each feature a numerical weight and combines them to determine the probability of a certain value for . Linear-chain CRFs have many of the same applications as conceptually simpler hidden Markov models (HMMs), but relax certain assumptions about the input and output sequence distributions. An HMM can loosely be understood as a CRF with very specific feature functions that use constant probabilities to model state transitions and emissions. Conversely, a CRF can loosely be understood as a generalization of an HMM that makes the constant transition probabilities into arbitrary functions that vary across the positions in the sequence of hidden states, depending on the input sequence. Notably, in contrast to HMMs, CRFs can contain any number of feature functions, the feature functions can inspect the entire input sequence at any point during inference, and the range of the feature functions need not have a probabilistic interpretation. Variants Higher-order CRFs and semi-Markov CRFs CRFs can be extended into higher order models by making each dependent on a fixed number of previous variables . In conventional formulations of higher order CRFs, training and inference are only practical for small values of (such as k ≤ 5), since their computational cost increases exponentially with . However, another recent advance has managed to ameliorate these issues by leveraging concepts and tools from the field of Bayesian nonparametrics. Specifically, the CRF-infinity approach constitutes a CRF-type model that is capable of learning infinitely-long temporal dynamics in a scalable fashion. This is effected by introducing a novel potential function for CRFs that is based on the Sequence Memoizer (SM), a nonparametric Bayesian model for learning infinitely-long dynamics in sequential observations. To render such a model computationally tractable, CRF-infinity employs a mean-field approximation of the postulated novel potential functions (which are driven by an SM). This allows for devising efficient approximate training and inference algorithms for the model, without undermining its capability to capture and model temporal dependencies of arbitrary length. There exists another generalization of CRFs, the semi-Markov conditional random field (semi-CRF), which models variable-length segmentations of the label sequence . This provides much of the power of higher-order CRFs to model long-range dependencies of the , at a reasonable computational cost. Finally, large-margin models for structured prediction, such as the structured Support Vector Machine can be seen as an alternative training procedure to CRFs. Latent-dynamic conditional random field Latent-dynamic conditional random fields (LDCRF) or discriminative probabilistic latent variable models (DPLVM) are a type of CRFs for sequence tagging tasks. They are latent variable models that are trained discriminatively. In an LDCRF, like in any sequence tagging task, given a sequence of observations x = , the main problem the model must solve is how to assign a sequence of labels y = from one finite set of labels . Instead of directly modeling (y|x) as an ordinary linear-chain CRF would do, a set of latent variables h is "inserted" between x and y using the chain rule of probability: This allows capturing latent structure between the observations and labels. While LDCRFs can be trained using quasi-Newton methods, a specialized version of the perceptron algorithm called the latent-variable perceptron has been developed for them as well, based on Collins' structured perceptron algorithm. These models find applications in computer vision, specifically gesture recognition from video streams and shallow parsing. See also Hammersley–Clifford theorem Maximum entropy Markov model (MEMM) References Further reading McCallum, A.: Efficiently inducing features of conditional random fields. In: Proc. 19th Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence. (2003) Wallach, H.M.: Conditional random fields: An introduction. Technical report MS-CIS-04-21, University of Pennsylvania (2004) Sutton, C., McCallum, A.: An Introduction to Conditional Random Fields for Relational Learning. In "Introduction to Statistical Relational Learning". Edited by Lise Getoor and Ben Taskar. MIT Press. (2006) Online PDF Klinger, R., Tomanek, K.: Classical Probabilistic Models and Conditional Random Fields. Algorithm Engineering Report TR07-2-013, Department of Computer Science, Dortmund University of Technology, December 2007. ISSN 1864-4503. Online PDF Graphical models Machine learning
Memory disambiguation is a set of techniques employed by high-performance out-of-order execution microprocessors that execute memory access instructions (loads and stores) out of program order. The mechanisms for performing memory disambiguation, implemented using digital logic inside the microprocessor core, detect true dependencies between memory operations at execution time and allow the processor to recover when a dependence has been violated. They also eliminate spurious memory dependencies and allow for greater instruction-level parallelism by allowing safe out-of-order execution of loads and stores. Background Dependencies When attempting to execute instructions out of order, a microprocessor must respect true dependencies between instructions. For example, consider a simple true dependence: 1: add $1, $2, $3 # R1 <= R2 + R3 2: add $5, $1, $4 # R5 <= R1 + R4 (dependent on 1) In this example, the add instruction on line 2 is dependent on the add instruction on line 1 because the register R1 is a source operand of the addition operation on line 2. The add on line 2 cannot execute until the add on line 1 completes. In this case, the dependence is static and easily determined by a microprocessor, because the sources and destinations are registers. The destination register of the add instruction on line 1 (R1) is part of the instruction encoding, and so can be determined by the microprocessor early on, during the decode stage of the pipeline. Similarly, the source registers of the add instruction on line 2 (R1 and R4) are also encoded into the instruction itself and are determined in decode. To respect this true dependence, the microprocessor's scheduler logic will issue these instructions in the correct order (instruction 1 first, followed by instruction 2) so that the results of 1 are available when instruction 2 needs them. Complications arise when the dependence is not statically determinable. Such non-static dependencies arise with memory instructions (loads and stores) because the location of the operand may be indirectly specified as a register operand rather than directly specified in the instruction encoding itself. 1: store $1, 2($2) # Mem[R2+2] <= R1 2: load $3, 4($4) # R3 <= Mem[R4+4] (possibly dependent on 1, possible same address as above) Here, the store instruction writes a value to the memory location specified by the value in the address (R2+2), and the load instruction reads the value at the memory location specified by the value in address (R4+4). The microprocessor cannot statically determine, prior to execution, if the memory locations specified in these two instructions are different, or are the same location, because the locations depend on the values in R2 and R4. If the locations are different, the instructions are independent and can be successfully executed out of order. However, if the locations are the same, then the load instruction is dependent on the store to produce its value. This is known as an ambiguous dependence. Out-of-order execution and memory access operations Executing loads and stores out of order can produce incorrect results if a dependent load/store pair was executed out of order. Consider the following code snippet, given in MIPS assembly: 1: div $27, $20 2: sw $27, 0($30) 3: lw $08, 0($31) 4: sw $26, 0($30) 5: lw $09, 0($31) Assume that the scheduling logic will issue an instruction to the execution unit when all of its register operands are ready. Further, assume that registers $30 and $31 are ready: the values in $30 and $31 were computed a long time ago and have not changed. However, assume $27 is not ready: its value is still in the process of being computed by the div (integer divide) instruction. Finally, assume that registers $30 and $31 hold the same value, and thus all the loads and stores in the snippet access the same memory word. In this situation, the sw $27, 0($30) instruction on line 2 is not ready to execute, but the lw $08, 0($31) instruction on line 3 is ready. If the processor allows the lw instruction to execute before the sw, the load will read an old value from the memory system; however, it should have read the value that was just written there by the sw. The load and store were executed out of program order, but there was a memory dependence between them that was violated. Similarly, assume that register $26 is ready. The sw $26, 0($30) instruction on line 4 is also ready to execute, and it may execute before the preceding lw $08, 0($31) on line 3. If this occurs, the lw $08, 0($31) instruction will read the wrong value from the memory system, since a later store instruction wrote its value there before the load executed. Characterization of memory dependencies Memory dependencies come in three flavors: Read-After-Write (RAW) dependencies: Also known as true dependencies, RAW dependencies arise when a load operation reads a value from memory that was produced by the most recent preceding store operation to that same address. Write-After-Read (WAR) dependencies: Also known as anti dependencies, WAR dependencies arise when a store operation writes a value to memory that a preceding load reads. Write-After-Write (WAW) dependencies: Also known as output dependencies, WAW dependencies arise when two store operations write values to the same memory address. The three dependencies are shown in the preceding code segment (reproduced for clarity): 1: div $27, $20 2: sw $27, 0($30) 3: lw $08, 0($31) 4: sw $26, 0($30) 5: lw $09, 0($31) The lw $08, 0($31) instruction on line 3 has a RAW dependence on the sw $27, 0($30) instruction on line 2, and the lw $09, 0($31) instruction on line 5 has a RAW dependence on the sw $26, 0($30) instruction on line 4. Both load instructions read the memory address that the preceding stores wrote. The stores were the most recent producers to that memory address, and the loads are reading that memory address's value. The sw $26, 0($30) instruction on line 4 has a WAR dependence on the lw $08, 0($31) instruction on line 3 since it writes the memory address that the preceding load reads from. The sw $26, 0($30) instruction on line 4 has a WAW dependence on the sw $27, 0($30) instruction on line 2 since both stores write to the same memory address. Memory disambiguation mechanisms Modern microprocessors use the following mechanisms, implemented in hardware, to resolve ambiguous dependences and recover when a dependence was violated. Avoiding WAR and WAW dependencies Values from store instructions are not committed to the memory system (in modern microprocessors, CPU cache) when they execute. Instead, the store instructions, including the memory address and store data, are buffered in a store queue until they reach the retirement point. When a store retires, it then writes its value to the memory system. This avoids the WAR and WAW dependence problems shown in the code snippet above where an earlier load receives an incorrect value from the memory system because a later store was allowed to execute before the earlier load. Additionally, buffering stores until retirement allows processors to speculatively execute store instructions that follow an instruction that may produce an exception (such as a load of a bad address, divide by zero, etc.) or a conditional branch instruction whose direction (taken or not taken) is not yet known. If the exception-producing instruction has not executed or the branch direction was predicted incorrectly, the processor will have fetched and executed instructions on a "wrong path." These instructions should not have been executed at all; the exception condition should have occurred before any of the speculative instructions executed, or the branch should have gone the other direction and caused different instructions to be fetched and executed. The processor must "throw away" any results from the bad-path, speculatively-executed instructions when it discovers the exception or branch misprediction. The complication for stores is that any stores on the bad or mispredicted path should not have committed their values to the memory system; if the stores had committed their values, it would be impossible to "throw away" the commit, and the memory state of the machine would be corrupted by data from a store instruction that should not have executed. Thus, without store buffering, stores cannot execute until all previous possibly-exception-causing instructions have executed (and not caused an exception) and all previous branch directions are known. Forcing stores to wait until branch directions and exceptions are known significantly reduces the out-of-order aggressiveness and limits ILP (Instruction level parallelism) and performance. With store buffering, stores can execute ahead of exception-causing or unresolved branch instructions, buffering their data in the store queue but not committing their values until retirement. This prevents stores on mispredicted or bad paths from committing their values to the memory system while still offering the increased ILP and performance from full out-of-order execution of stores. Store to load forwarding Buffering stores until retirement avoids WAW and WAR dependencies but introduces a new issue. Consider the following scenario: a store executes and buffers its address and data in the store queue. A few instructions later, a load executes that reads from the same memory address to which the store just wrote. If the load reads its data from the memory system, it will read an old value that would have been overwritten by the preceding store. The data obtained by the load will be incorrect. To solve this problem, processors employ a technique called store-to-load forwarding using the store queue. In addition to buffering stores until retirement, the store queue serves a second purpose: forwarding data from completed but not-yet-retired ("in-flight") stores to later loads. Rather than a simple FIFO queue, the store queue is really a Content-Addressable Memory (CAM) searched using the memory address. When a load executes, it searches the store queue for in-flight stores to the same address that are logically earlier in program order. If a matching store exists, the load obtains its data value from that store instead of the memory system. If there is no matching store, the load accesses the memory system as usual; any preceding, matching stores must have already retired and committed their values. This technique allows loads to obtain correct data if their producer store has completed but not yet retired. Multiple stores to the load's memory address may be present in the store queue. To handle this case, the store queue is priority encoded to select the latest store that is logically earlier than the load in program order. The determination of which store is "latest" can be achieved by attaching some sort of timestamp to the instructions as they are fetched and decoded, or alternatively by knowing the relative position (slot) of the load with respect to the oldest and newest stores within the store queue. RAW dependence violations Detecting RAW dependence violations Modern out-of-order CPUs can use a number of techniques to detect a RAW dependence violation, but all techniques require tracking in-flight loads from execution until retirement. When a load executes, it accesses the memory system and/or store queue to obtain its data value, and then its address and data are buffered in a load queue until retirement. The load queue is similar in structure and function to the store queue, and in fact in some processors may be combined with the store queue in a single structure called a load-store queue, or LSQ. The following techniques are used or have been proposed to detect RAW dependence violations: Load queue CAM search With this technique, the load queue, like the store queue, is a CAM searched using the memory access address, and keeps track of all in-flight loads. When a store executes, it searches the load queue for completed loads from the same address that are logically later in program order. If such a matching load exists, it must have executed before the store and thus read an incorrect, old value from the memory system/store queue. Any instructions that used the load's value have also used bad data. To recover if such a violation is detected, the load is marked as "violated" in the retirement buffer. The store remains in the store queue and retirement buffer and retires normally, committing its value to the memory system when it retires. However, when the violated load reaches the retirement point, the processor flushes the pipeline and restarts execution from the load instruction. At this point, all previous stores have committed their values to the memory system. The load instruction will now read the correct value from the memory system, and any dependent instructions will re-execute using the correct value. This technique requires an associative search of the load queue on every store execution, which consumes circuit power and can prove to be a difficult timing path for large load queues. However, it does not require any additional memory (cache) ports or create resource conflicts with other loads or stores that are executing. Disambiguation at retirement With this technique, load instructions that have executed out-of-order are re-executed (they access the memory system and read the value from their address a second time) when they reach the retirement point. Since the load is now the retiring instruction, it has no dependencies on any instruction still in-flight; all stores ahead of it have committed their values to the memory system, and so any value read from the memory system is guaranteed to be correct. The value read from memory at re-execution time is compared to the value obtained when the load first executed. If the values are the same, the original value was correct and no violation has occurred. If the re-execution value differs from the original value, a RAW violation has occurred and the pipeline must be flushed because instructions dependent on the load have used an incorrect value. This technique is conceptually simpler than the load queue search, and it eliminates a second CAM and its power-hungry search (the load queue can now be a simple FIFO queue). Since the load must re-access the memory system just before retirement, the access must be very fast, so this scheme relies on a fast cache. No matter how fast the cache is, however, the second memory system access for every out-of-order load instruction does increase instruction retirement latency and increases the total number of cache accesses that must be performed by the processor. The additional retire-time cache access can be satisfied by re-using an existing cache port; however, this creates port resource contention with other loads and stores in the processor trying to execute, and thus may cause a decrease in performance. Alternatively, an additional cache port can be added just for load disambiguation, but this increases the complexity, power, and area of the cache. Some recent work (Roth 2005) has shown ways to filter many loads from re-executing if it is known that no RAW dependence violation could have occurred; such a technique would help or eliminate such latency and resource contention. A minor benefit of this scheme (compared to a load-queue search) is that it will not flag a RAW dependence violation and trigger a pipeline flush if a store that would have caused a RAW dependence violation (the store's address matches an in-flight load's address) has a data value that matches the data value already in the cache. In the load-queue search scheme, an additional data comparison would need to be added to the load-queue search hardware to prevent such a pipeline flush. Avoiding RAW dependence violations CPUs that fully support out-of-order execution of loads and stores must be able to detect RAW dependence violations when they occur. However, many CPUs avoid this problem by forcing all loads and stores to execute in-order, or by supporting only a limited form of out-of-order load/store execution. This approach offers lower performance compared to supporting full out-of-order load/store execution, but it can significantly reduce the complexity of the execution core and caches. The first option, making loads and stores go in-order, avoids RAW dependences because there is no possibility of a load executing before its producer store and obtaining incorrect data. Another possibility is to effectively break loads and stores into two operations: address generation and cache access. With these two separate but linked operations, the CPU can allow loads and stores to access the memory system only once all previous loads and stores have had their address generated and buffered in the LSQ. After address generation, there are no longer any ambiguous dependencies since all addresses are known, and so dependent loads will not be executed until their corresponding stores complete. This scheme still allows for some "out-of-orderness" — the address generation operations for any in-flight loads and stores can execute out-of-order, and once addresses have been generated, the cache accesses for each load or store can happen in any order that respects the (now known) true dependences. Additional Issues Memory dependence prediction Processors that fully support out-of-order load/store execution can use an additional, related technique, called memory dependence prediction, to attempt to predict true dependences between loads and stores before their addresses are known. Using this technique, the processor can prevent loads that are predicted to be dependent on an in-flight store from executing before that store completes, avoiding a RAW dependence violation and thus avoiding the pipeline flush and the performance penalty that is incurred. See the memory dependence prediction article for more details. See also Instruction pipeline Out-of-order execution CPU cache Memory dependence prediction Computer architecture
Trashman may refer to the following: Trashman (character), a fictional character and eponymous comic book created by Spain Rodriguez Trashman (video game), a 1984 video game for the ZX Spectrum The Trashmen, a band from Minneapolis, Minnesota Waste collector, the occupation
The Caverphone within linguistics and computing, is a phonetic matching algorithm invented to identify English names with their sounds, originally built to process a custom dataset compound between 1893 and 1938 in southern Dunedin, New Zealand. Started from a similar concept as metaphone, it has been developed to accommodate and process general English since then. Etymology The Caverphone was created by David Hood in the Caversham Project at the University of Otago in New Zealand in 2002, revised in 2004. It was created to assist in data matching between late 19th century and early 20th century electoral rolls, where the name only needed to be in a "commonly recognisable form". The algorithm was intended to apply to those names that could not easily be matched between electoral rolls, after the exact matches were removed from the pool of potential matches. The algorithm is optimised for accents present in the study area (southern part of the city of Dunedin, New Zealand). Procedure Caverphone 1.0 The rules of the algorithm are applied consecutively to any particular name, as a series of replacements. The algorithm is as follows: Convert to lowercase Remove anything not A-Z If the name starts with... cough, replace it by cou2f rough, replace it by rou2f tough, replace it by tou2f enough, replace it by enou2f gn, replace it by 2n If the name ends with mb, replace it by m2 Replace cq with 2q ci with si ce with se cy with sy tch with 2ch c with k q with k x with k v with f dg with 2g tio with sio tia with sia d with t ph with fh b with p sh with s2 z with s any initial vowel with an A all other vowels with a 3 3gh3 with 3kh3 gh with 22 g with k groups of the letter s with a S groups of the letter t with a T groups of the letter p with a P groups of the letter k with a K groups of the letter f with a F groups of the letter m with a M groups of the letter n with a N w3 with W3 wy with Wy wh3 with Wh3 why with Why w with 2 any initial h with an A all other occurrences of h with a 2 r3 with R3 ry with Ry r with 2 l3 with L3 ly with Ly l with 2 j with y y3 with Y3 y with 2 remove all 2 3 put six 1 on the end take the first six characters as the code Caverphone 2.0 Start with a word Convert to lowercase Remove anything not in the standard alphabet (typically a-z) Remove final e If the name starts with cough make it cou2f rough make it rou2f tough make it tou2f enough make it enou2f trough make it trou2f gn make it 2n If the name ends with mb make it m2 Replace cq with 2q ci with si ce with se cy with sy tch with 2ch c with k q with k x with k v with f dg with 2g tio with sio tia with sia d with t ph with fh b with p sh with s2 z with s an initial vowel with an A all other vowels with a 3 j with y an initial y3 with Y3 an initial y with A y with 3 3gh3 with 3kh3 gh with 22 g with k groups of the letter s with a S groups of the letter t with a T groups of the letter p with a P groups of the letter k with a K groups of the letter f with a F groups of the letter m with a M groups of the letter n with a N w3 with W3 wh3 with Wh3 if the name ends in w replace the final w with 3 w with 2 an initial h with an A all other occurrences of h with a 2 r3 with R3 if the name ends in r replace the final r with 3 r with 2 l3 with L3 if the name ends in l replace the final l with 3 l with 2 remove all 2s if the name end in 3, replace the final 3 with A remove all 3s put ten 1s on the end take the first ten characters as the code Examples Caverphone 1.0 Lee -> lee lee -> l33 l33 -> L33 L33 -> L L -> L111111 L111111 -> L11111 Thompson -> thompson thompson -> th3mps3n th3mps3n -> th3mpS3n th3mpS3n -> Th3mpS3n Th3mpS3n -> Th3mPS3n Th3mPS3n -> Th3MPS3n Th3MPS3n -> Th3MPS3N Th3MPS3N -> T23MPS3N T23MPS3N -> TMPSN TMPSN111111 -> TMPSN1 Caverphone 2.0 Lee -> lee lee -> le le -> l3 l3 -> L3 L3 -> LA LA -> LA1111111111 LA1111111111 -> LA11111111 Thompson -> thompson thompson -> th3mps3n th3mps3n -> th3mpS3n th3mpS3n -> Th3mpS3n Th3mpS3n -> Th3mPS3n Th3mPS3n -> Th3MPS3n Th3MPS3n -> Th3MPS3N Th3MPS3N -> T23MPS3N T23MPS3N -> TMPSN TMPSN1111111111 -> TMPSN11111 See also Soundex New York State Identification and Intelligence System Match rating approach Metaphone Cologne phonetics References External links Caversham Project - Caversham data set of names and accents in the southern part of Dunedin, New Zealand in 1893-1938. Original (2002) Caverphone algorithm Revised (2004) Caverphone algorithm Implementations: C# Revised Implementation Java implementation in the Apache Commons Codec project PHP implementation Python Implementation caverphone algorithm (version 2.0) - AdvaS Advanced Search project Phonetic algorithms
, formerly known as GAU Entertainment and , was a Japanese video game developer originally established in 1992. It developed games for other companies on a contract basis. Their clients included Sega, Capcom, Namco, Takara, Taito, Atlus, and Square Enix. Nex Entertainment was founded as GAU Entertainment. Two years later, the company merged into Nextech, which was bought by Sega in 1997. Nex Entertainment emerged as a third-party developer in 2003. NEX Entertainment's major shareholder, Fields <2767> announced on July 29, 2016 that it closed the company. Games Arcade Cobra the Arcade Time Crisis 3 Time Crisis 4 Dreamcast Dino Crisis Dream Studio Resident Evil – Code: Veronica Resident Evil – Code: Veronica X Shenmue Type X: Spiral Nightmare (canceled) Game Boy Advance Shining Soul (co-developed with Grasshopper Manufacture) Shining Soul II (co-developed with Grasshopper Manufacture) GameCube Resident Evil – Code: Veronica X Mega Drive/Genesis Crusader of Centy Pro Striker Final Stage Ranger X YuYu Hakusho: Gaiden Nintendo DS Children of Mana Lupin Sansei: Shijou Saidai no Zunousen Nintendo 3DS Crimson Shroud Rental Bukiya de Omasse PlayStation 2 Dynasty Tactics 2 Lupin III: Columbus no Isan wa Akenisomaru Lupin III: Lupin ni wa Shi o, Zenigata ni wa Koi o Resident Evil – Code: Veronica X Resident Evil Survivor 2 Code: Veronica Shining Tears Shining Wind Shirachuu Tankenbu Time Crisis 3 PlayStation 3 Bayonetta Time Crisis 4 Time Crisis: Razing Storm PlayStation 4 Killing Bites (cancelled) PlayStation Vita Killing Bites (cancelled) Sega Saturn Battle Arena Toshinden Remix Battle Arena Toshinden U.R.A Choro Q Park Cyber Speedway D-Xhird Linkle Liver Story Pro Yakyuu Greatest Nine '98 Pro Yakyuu Greatest Nine '98 Summer Action Resident Evil Windows Chi Q no Tomodachi Dark Eyes Dark Eyes 2000 Dream Studio You will go out to the Pico-town! WonderSwan Color Dark Eyes: BattleGate Xbox Shin Megami Tensei: Nine Touge R References External links Defunct video game companies of Japan Video game companies established in 1992 Video game companies disestablished in 2016 Privately held companies of Japan Video game development companies Japanese companies established in 1992 Japanese companies disestablished in 2016
WCMT-FM (101.3 MHz) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to South Fulton, Tennessee, United States, the station began broadcasting in 1968 and serves the Ken Tenn area (Northwest Tennessee and Southwest Kentucky) and can be heard in both Jackson and Paducah, Kentucky markets. The station is owned by Thunderbolt Broadcasting Company. Programming WCMT-FM "Mix 101.3 WCMT" is a contemporary adult hit radio station playing top hits from the 80s, 90s, 2000s and today. WCMT FM airs high school sports broadcasts. Network programming aired on WCMT-FM includes Rick Dees Weekly Top 20, and John Tesh - Intelligence For Your Life. Wink Martindale's "100 Greatest Christmas Hits of All Time" ten-hour program is heard on December 24 and 25 and has become a holiday staple for Ken-Tenn area listeners. Sunday morning from 6 til 11am Mix 101.3 airs religious music. Local news can be heard seven days per week on Mix 101.3 WCMT-FM; the community affairs program "30 Minutes" air Sunday mornings at 6:30 Central time. Weekdays from 6am til 9am Mix 101.3 WCMT FM rebroadcasts the popular "Good Times in the Morning" show which features phone calls, contest and "live" - in studio interviews. History WCMT-FM originally began broadcasting in 1968 on 101.7, when manager Dwight "Duke" Drumm persuaded owner Jones T. Sudbury to seek an FM frequency so local sports, including UT Martin athletic games, could be broadcast at night. Prior to this, the ballgames were being taped and aired the next day. The station offered "beautiful music" until about 1978, when a "rock format" debuted. The station then moved to an oldies format and then to the present adult contemporary station. Effective July 28, 2004 WCMT-FM was given permission to increase its power to 22,000 watts by moving its city of license from Martin to South Fulton, Tennessee and changing its frequency to 101.3 which allowed the stations to serve thousands more listeners. During the transition from 101.7 to 101.3, WCMT-FM constructed a new 349-foot tower off the Ken Tenn highway near South Fulton which allowed WCMT-FM to send a powerful signal that stretched to Paducah, Kentucky and Jackson, Tennessee. WCMT-FM is the most powerful station in the immediate local market. Thunderbolt Broadcasting also owns and operates WCMT AM 1410 (with an additional five FM translator channels that rebroadcast all WCMT AM programming), along with WCDZ FM 95.1, KYTN FM 104.9 and WQAK FM 105.7. The company is a member of the International Broadcaster's Idea Bank, the National Association of Broadcasters, the Kentucky Broadcasters Association and the Tennessee Association of Broadcasters, the Arkansas Broadcasters Association, is a recipient of the Weakley County Chamber of Commerce "Business of the Year." References External links CMT-FM Mainstream adult contemporary radio stations in the United States Radio stations established in 1968 1968 establishments in Tennessee
Xak Precious Package: The Tower of Gazzel is a fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by the Japanese software developer MicroCabin. The game is a direct sequel to Xak: The Art of Visual Stage and Xak II: The Rising of the Red Moon. While technically being the third installment of the series, The Tower of Gazzel is a sidestory taking place between the events of Xak II and Xak III. The game was released in Japan only. Story After Latok Kart defeated Zamu Gospel during the events portrayed in Xak II, he and his friends are intrigued by rumours of a demonic tower and a man looking like Latok roaming its neighbourhood. The appearance of a false Latok and the kidnapping of Rune Greed's family are ploys to lure the two descendants of Duel into the tower, laid by the villains Al Acrila, Gill Berzes and a demon called Zegraya. Using Latok and Rune, they plan to resurrect the ancient demon Gazzel, a demon with unimaginable power comparable to destroying an entire mountain in a single attack. Gameplay The player controls Latok, looking onto the game world in bird's-eye view. Latok can swing his sword, optionally firing magical shots from its tip at the expense of magic points, and jump short distances. The player can choose to take along one of a party of four characters on his exploration of the tower. Each of these so-called 'support members' subtly change Latok's statistics, in addition to triggering different events within the game. The entirety of the Tower is a large labyrinth spanning six floors, each with an elemental theme: darkness for the basement and respectively earth, fire, water, wind and heaven for the first through fifth floors. The game is one large puzzle with the goal of reaching the bottom floor and defeating Zegraya and Gazzel there. Many of the puzzles revolve around the fact the floors are heavily interconnected. On the floor of fire for example, there is a large wall of flames that Latok cannot pass through in any way. On the water floor above, there is a large door that once opened, pours a large amount of water into a hole in the floor, dousing the flames below. Another part of the puzzles involves the choice of which support member to take along. Support members don't just affect Latok's combat statistics, but some points in the game can only be passed with the right support member tagging along. There are even items in the game that Latok cannot use himself, but the right supportmember can. As an example, Latok finds a magical scroll with a lightning spell inscribed, but doesn't master enough magic to cast them himself. On a certain part of the first floor, there is a seemingly impassable wall of rubble. When Fray is selected as a support member, she will snatch the lightning scroll from Latok and use it to blast a path through the rubble. The game can only be saved at a fixed point at the entrance to the tower. To prevent the player having to backtrack just to save his game, various items can be found that will teleport Latok and his support member back to the entrance or to a fixed point inside the tower. Contrary to its predecessors, The Tower of Gazzel does not use an experience point system, nor does currency of any kind appear in the game. Latok starts the game at level 50, as he was at the end of Xak II, and does not advance; this instead occurs in Xak III. New equipment is also unavailable, Latok sticks with the sword, armor and shield he had at Xak II's end throughout this game. This eliminates the need for the player to spend large amounts of time on 'leveling up', collecting enough experience points and/or gold to have the player character grow strong enough or buy new equipment, respectively. In this way, the game's emphasis is more on the puzzle aspect than on the combat. A kind of advancement system is retained in that Latok can find different pairs of gauntlets in the tower, each pair enhancing his combat statistics further. The game engine is almost identical to Xak II's, preserving the real-time combat aspect. Some music and graphics were even recycled from the previous installment. Compared to Xak II, Xak Gazzel runs much smoother even on a regular MSX2, prompting for much less and shorter loading times. Characters The possible supportmembers and their abilities are as follows: Fray Jerbain, emphasises Latok's magic ability and can replenish his magic points. Adds the ability to use magic scrolls to solve puzzles. Lou Miri Pixie, adds to Latok's defence and can replenish his hit points. Adds the ability to activate certain mechanisms within the tower. Horn Ashtar, adds to Latok's magic ability and defence and can replenish his magic points. Adds the ability to read ancient languages and communicate with the spirits of the deceased. Rune Greed, adds to Latok's attack and defence ratings. Adds the ability to enter certain doors. Al Acrila, a demon that Rune Greed had a previous battle with who is out for revenge. Gill Berzes, a demon that Rune Greed had a previous battle with who is out for revenge. Zegraya, sent by the general of the demon army, Zomu Dizae, to eliminate Latok Kart and Rune Greed by any means necessary. He plans to use the power of the newly resurrected Gazzel to destroy the god's descendants. Gazzel, whose resurrection is the main focal point of Zegraya and his underlings. In addition, the single save point in the game is represented by the healer Fell Bow. Except for the villains, the game uses very little non-player characters, emphasising on the puzzling aspect even more. External links XyZ: A Tribute to the Xak, Ys and Zelda Series Flame Bird 1991 video games Action role-playing video games Dungeon crawler video games Fantasy video games Japan-exclusive video games Microcabin games MSX2 games NEC PC-8801 games NEC PC-9801 games Single-player video games Video games about demons Video games developed in Japan
WWCN (99.3 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Fort Myers Beach, Florida, broadcasting to the Fort Myers area. WWCN airs a Tropical music format branded as "Playa 99.3"; until 2012, it was an alternative rock radio station, although the active rock flip was confirmed following the flip of sister station WRXK-FM to talk radio. Every December, the station hosted a concert called the "99Xmas Ball". On June 20, 2013, the then-WJBX took over sister station WWCN's ESPN sports radio programming, with the rock format moving to sister station WRXK. On May 28, 2021, WWCN changed their format from sports (which moved to WBCN 770 AM North Fort Myers) to tropical, branded as "Playa 99.3". Previous logo References External links Official Website WCN WCN 1983 establishments in Florida Radio stations established in 1983 Spanish-language radio stations in Florida Contemporary hit radio stations in the United States
Konaje is a locality in Mangalore generally known as the educational hub. Konaje is governed by Dakshina Kannada zilla Panchayath. It is home to the vast campus of the Mangalore University which is also known as Mangalagangothri. The university is located on hill top. Deralakatte which houses two medical colleges is on way from Thokottu to Konaje. Software Major Infosys Technologies has a software development center in Konaje. There are many city buses (Route no. 51) from Mangalore City Bus Stand (State Bank) to Konaje. Alternatively, shuttle buses are available with good frequency. It is about 40 minute drive from Hampankatta. Konaje can be reached by taking turn at Thokottu on National Highway 66 from Mangalore towards Talapady. Vishwamangala School and College, which was mainly built for the children of university employees is also located here The locality enjoys close proximity with P A College of Engineering, which is just three kilometres away and also mudipu Infosys External links Mangalore University web site Villages in Dakshina Kannada district Localities in Mangalore
Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town is a contemporary fantasy novel by Canadian author Cory Doctorow. It was published in June 2005, concurrently released on the Internet under a Creative Commons license, free for download in several formats including ASCII and PDF. It is Doctorow's third novel. The novel was chosen to launch the Sci Fi Channel's book club, Sci Fi Essentials (now defunct). Plot summary The story mainly takes place in two Ontario locales. In flashbacks, the main character, usually but not always called Alan (he appears to have been alphabetized rather than named, and will answer to and identify himself as any masculine name beginning with A), and his brothers (also alphabetized) grow up outside of the remote town of Kapuskasing. The novel opens with Alan's purchase of a home in the Kensington Market neighborhood of modern-day Toronto. There are two main plotlines. Alan befriends Kurt, a thirty-something punk who operates a dumpster-diving operation. Kurt uses computer components that he retrieves from the trash and turns them into Wi-Fi network access points. Kurt's goal is to blanket the entire neighborhood with free and secure Internet access by attaching his access points to buildings in a wireless mesh network with the permission of their owners. Kurt's plan doesn't really get off the ground until he forms a partnership with Alan, who puts a more professional face on the operation and sweet-talks many local owners into allowing the access points to use their space and a small amount of their electricity. The second plotline features fantasy elements. Unbeknownst to most of the other characters, Alan and his brothers are not quite human. Their father is a mountain and their mother is a washing machine. Alan's eldest brother can see the future, his second-eldest is an island, his younger brother is undead, and his three youngest brothers are a set of Russian nesting dolls. Alan is the most normal-seeming of his family. Outwardly, he looks human, but he heals at an incredible rate, and if part of him is cut off, it will grow back, and the cut off part can be made to form a new copy of him. Another plot strand concerns Alan's neighbors, a household of students and artists which includes Mimi, a troubled young woman who like Alan is not quite human. Born with wings on her back and no family history, she lives with her abusive boyfriend Krishna, a musician/bartender who can spot beings like Alan and his family, and hates them. Krishna amputates Mimi's wings every three months; she stays with him because she believes he's the only one willing and able to make her "normal." Characters Alan, the main character, is called by several names that start with "A", such as Adam and Abby. His brothers' names follow the same pattern, from "B" through "G" for the seventh and youngest brother. No name is given for their parents other than "mother" and "father". Alan is largely known as "Alan" in the narrator's voice, though rarely in any character's voice. Only in a few places does the narrator call Alan by another name. Alan's neighbors' first names also follow an alphabetic sequence: Krishna, Link, Mimi, and Natalie. Mimi is merely a name that she is called, described as being "as good as any other". There are repeat uses of some of these letters, namely Kurt, Lyman, and Marci. (An O and a P name are also briefly mentioned). There are also six anarchists collectively known as Waldo. Almost everyone is known by their first name only. A good number of people are nameless, described by some physical characteristic instead. External links Official website for the novel, on Doctorow's site 2005 Canadian novels Novels by Cory Doctorow Anarchist fiction Creative Commons-licensed novels Novels set in Northern Ontario Tor Books books
ACE (Advanced Computer Entertainment) was a multi-format computer and video game magazine first published in the United Kingdom by Future Publishing and later acquired by EMAP. History ACE launched in October 1987, roughly the same time as Ludlow-based publisher Newsfield's own multi-format magazine The Games Machine. The magazine staff consisted mainly of ex-Amstrad Action (AA) and Personal Computer Games staff, including launch co-editors Peter Connor and Steve Cooke. Andy Wilton, ex-AA, was brought in as Reviews Editor, while Dave Packer and Andy Smith were hired as Staff Writers. Trevor Gilham, another ex-AA member, held the position of Art Editor. Between June and July 1989 (issues 21 and 22) the magazine was sold to EMAP, and Future Publishing redeployed the original ACE staff to work on their Amiga Format and ST Format titles. After the magazine was cancelled in April 1992, a number of the staff working on ACE at the time were moved to The One (for Amiga Games) to relaunch the latter magazine. Content Coverage initially included Atari ST, Amiga, C64, ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC, but also included newer machines as they were released. Although games features were the mainstay, other articles on graphics and computer music were featured. A cover cassette, and later a floppy disk, was included with the magazine featuring games demos. Regular editorial features included Interface; News, Letters, The Blitter End. The Specials; features and Gameplay; Screen Test, Arcades, Tricks 'n' Tactics, Adventures. Screen Test Screen Test was the games review section. Games were rated (out of ten) on Visual effects, Audio, IQ Factor, Fun Factor and an overall rating. Games were seen by all the reviewers, and the overall rating was notable for scoring games out of 1000 rather than the usual percentage or mark out of 10. Also introduced was the Predicted Interest Curve graph where the game was given a line graph predicting the long term interest in the game over many months. See also Video game journalism Video game industry References External links Profile of ACE magazine at Amiga History ACE Magazine Archive at the Internet Archive 1987 establishments in the United Kingdom 1992 disestablishments in the United Kingdom Defunct computer magazines published in the United Kingdom Magazines established in 1987 Magazines disestablished in 1992 Mass media in Bath, Somerset Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom Video game magazines published in the United Kingdom
is a 2001 role-playing simulation video game developed by Hitmaker and published by Sega for the Dreamcast in Japan. Described as a "Sega simulation", the player takes control of Sega Tarō, who must help save a struggling Sega from losing to its rival DOGMA, who owns 97% of the console market. Gameplay involves battling employees and other characters throughout various Sega development studios, some being taken from older Sega game franchises. It features many tongue-in-cheek references to Sega and the video game industry, particularly Sony Computer Entertainment and its PlayStation 2 console. Development was directed by Tez Okano, who developed the game in secret for two years before presenting it to Sega. The company misconstrued the game as a joke at first and dismissed it, however a second presentation impressed them and allowed development to continue. Okano marketed the game himself with a small budget of $200, half of which he spent on a wrestling mask to promote the game. Several characters, such as Segata Sanshiro and a Ferrari from Out Run, had to be cut for licensing issues. Toei Animation produced the game's animated cutscenes. The game was initially exclusive to the Sega Direct online service, its popularity eventually warranting a physical release. It was produced on a small budget. Segagaga received a favorable reception from critics, being commended for its humor, gameplay and bizarre nature, alongside its usage of various Sega franchises and for poking fun at the industry itself. One critic labeled the game as the "swan song" of the Dreamcast. It is one of the last games released for the system, published two days before the Dreamcast's discontinuation on March 31. Gameplay Segagaga is a role-playing simulation video game, described as a "Sega simulation". Controlling the young Sega Tarō, the player is tasked with saving a struggling Sega from losing the console market to their rival DOGMA. The player must progress through various Sega development studios and fight various employees, who due to the stress and pressure brought on by tight work constraints have turned into mutants. Unlike other role-playing games, Tarō "attacks" by shouting verbal abuses and insults, such as telling them their game is terrible or they will never get a girlfriend. Enemies have a "will meter" that weakens as the player deals more insults towards them, and will win the fight once it fully drains. Failing to defeat an enemy will result in a month of development time being lost, which will become critical as the game progresses. Once an enemy is defeated, they may become willing to ally with the player and aid them in their adventure. Should the defeated enemy accept, the player will need to quickly answer questions within a ten-second timer, such as how much the employee will make and what work conditions there are. If the player succeeds, they can place the new employee into one of four development group positions, including director, designer, planner, and programmer — development teams will increase the player's stamina and "creativity", detrimental to later sections of the game. Based on player decisions, teams can either make a small number of high-quality games or quickly produce shovelware games to hopefully generate profit. The game will end after three years of development time are completed; the ending is based on the player's performance. A notable feature of Segagaga is its many cameos and callbacks to other Sega game franchises, alongside tongue-in-cheek parodies of the game industry itself. Tarō will come across numerous Sega characters throughout the game, including Sonic the Hedgehog, Ristar, Alex Kidd, Sir Pepper III from Clockwork Knight, Nei from Phantasy Star 2, Opa-Opa from Fantasy Zone, the Bad Brothers from Golden Axe, Panda from Baku Baku Animal, Amigo from Samba de Amigo, and the F-14 Tomcat from After Burner. Towards the end of the game, Tarō pilots a starship known as the "R-720", a nod to the R-360 arcade cabinet, into outer space that features a shoot'em up level reminiscent of Thunder Force. Tarō will fight various mechs designed after older Sega game consoles, such as the Sega Genesis and Master System. The story takes place in the year 2025, depicting Sega with having only a 3% share of the console market, the other 97% being owned by their rival DOGMA — a spoof of Sega's rival Sony Interactive Entertainment, featuring parodies of the PlayStation 2 and other Sony characters. To help save the company from total collapse, Sega establishes "Project Segagaga", led by company newcomers Sega Tarō and Yayoi Haneda in order to assist Sega in claiming 100% of the market and achieving world domination. Development Segagaga was directed and designed by Tez Okano, who worked on the game in secret for two years before presenting it to the company, fearing that "anything could have happened" if the project was revealed. When it was initially shown off, Sega's management misconstrued the game as a sort of joke, and dismissed the game. When Okano presented the game again, Hitmaker president Hisao Oguchi became impressed and allowed development of the game to continue. The game was produced on a small budget. Toei Animation produced the opening and cutscenes; because of the budget, Okano was given a small discount. Development was handled by Hitmaker, a production studio best known for titles such as Virtua Tennis and Crazy Taxi. The game was originally titled Sega Sega, later being changed to Segagaga to make the word "Sega" sound less intrusive. Early versions of the game had nearly 300 production issues, some of which caused characters to be removed from the game entirely, such as the Japanese Sega Saturn mascot Segata Sanshiro and the Ferrari from Out Run. Okano utilized a large number of Sega franchises due to their popularity and for them being freely available to use. Once the finished product was presented, Sega felt that it didn't cast a negative impression on the company and authorized its release. Toshiharu Yamanishi, who previously worked on the early Atelier series, was a composer. Release Okano was given a meager $200 budget to market the game; roughly half of it was spent on a wrestling mask to promote the game. He set up signing events at locations across Akihabara, rewarding those who visited all four of them. Assisting him was Sega public relations head Tadashi Takezaki and Sega AM3 employee Taku Sasahara to help promote it, managing to garner a full-page newspaper story on the game. Segagaga was released in Japan on March 29, 2001, as an exclusive for the Sega Direct online service. A promotional Dreamcast VMU memory card, designed after the exterior of the Mega Drive, was released the same day. On May 1, the Japan Adult Children's Association ordered Sega to remove the game from the service due to one of the game's characters being called "Adult Children", a Japanese term that can be used to refer to a child that grew up from an alcoholic parent; Sega issued a public apology and reissued an altered version of the game that replaced the name of the character. The popularity of the game lead to the release of a physical version, and later a budget version. A special collector's box was also made that contained the game, a Segagaga shirt, notebook, and enamel pins with the Segagaga, Sega Mark III, Mega Drive, Game Gear, Saturn, and Dreamcast logos. The Thunder Force-inspired shoot'em up level in Segagaga was later released for Japanese mobile phones as a standalone game on June 2, 2005, for the Sega Ages mobile service, titled Segagaga R-720. It featured additional enemies and bosses not found in the Dreamcast game, such as having a giant Sega Saturn as a boss. The soundtrack for Segagaga has been released several times; the first of these was split into two different volumes, titled Segagaga Soundtrack Blue Edition and Segagaga Soundtrack Red Edition, were both jointly released in Japan in December 2001. The second, Segagaga 5 Original Soundtrack, was released on July 20, 2006, in Japan to commemorate the five-year anniversary of the game's release - this album was later split into two volumes and released digitally for both iTunes and Amazon Music in 2015. Reception Likely due to its late release in the Dreamcast's lifespan, Segagaga was not a commercial success. In its first week of release, the game sold an estimated 18,000 copies. In total, it has sold little over 34,000 copies. Official Dreamcast Magazine US applauded the game's sense of humor and bizarre premise, saying that its design and amount of content "will surprise many". They also expressed disappointment towards the lack of an overseas release. Japanese publication Famitsu praised its usage of older Sega game characters and unique setting, alongside its role-playing elements and humor towards the game industry as a whole, notably with DOGMA being a spoof of Sony, Sega's then-biggest rival. In a more negative light, Dreamcast Magazine Japan commended the game for its "ambitious" premise, but felt that its humor would only really be appreciated by hardcore Sega fans and would fall short to those that weren't. They unfavorably compared its gameplay to Sakura Wars 3: Is Paris Burning?, recommending that RPG enthusiasts instead buy that game instead of Segagaga. In a 2009 retrospective review, Kurt Kalata of Hardcore Gaming 101 commended Segagaga for its gameplay and humor, namely for poking fun at the Japanese video game industry at the time and for presenting a somber look towards the company as they were approaching a near-collapse. He also liked the game's large usage of Sega fanservice and its bizarre, outlandish battle system, as well as for being a generally import-friendly game despite its large usage of Japanese. Kalata concluded his review writing: "Anyone willing to brave the Japanese language will find one of the most original, self-referential titles ever made, a stroke of genius that's a virtual dream come true for Sega fans." Retro Gamer magazine stated in 2020 that the game "remains a work of crazy reflexive genius, and demands to be played by anyone with even a passing interest in games industry history", highly-praising its strange battle system and tongue'n cheek references to the then-collapsing company. Eurogamers Martin Robinson listed it as one of Sega's stranger video game products for its self-awareness and humor, writing: "The final days of Sega's final console had a fatalistic air to them, and Segaga punctured all that with brilliant self-awareness." Writing for GamesRadar+, Chris Antista described it as an "amazingly bizarre swan song" for the Dreamcast, and expressed interest that Sega re-release the game for digital distribution services such as Xbox Live. Notes References External links 2001 video games Crossover role-playing video games Dreamcast games Dreamcast-only games Japan-exclusive video games Parody video games Role-playing video games Sega-AM3 games Self-reflexive video games Video games developed in Japan Video games about video games Single-player video games Satirical video games
The Late Show (1989–1995) is a British television arts magazine programme that was broadcast on BBC2 weeknights at 11.15pm—directly after Newsnight—often referred to as the "graveyard slot" in terms of television scheduling. Details The programme was commissioned by BBC2 Controller Alan Yentob, who had a background in serious arts documentaries, but the production team – led by Michael Jackson – were mostly from youth programming backgrounds including Network 7. The programme combined a number of format elements from earlier BBC arts magazine programmes such as Monitor and Late Night Line-Up. Once a week, during the first two series, the slot featured a round-table discussion hosted by Clive James on Friday nights. With the cancellation of The Old Grey Whistle Test, The Late Show featured music performances, live or pre-recorded, including Van Morrison, Leonard Cohen, Public Enemy, Joni Mitchell, The Stone Roses, Dick Dale, The Cramps, The Smashing Pumpkins, The Fall, R.E.M., Little Village, Jane's Addiction and Jeff Buckley. At the time, The Late Show came under the now closed Music and Arts Department of BBC Television, which also produced Omnibus and Arena. The forty and sometimes fifty-minute programmes were presented mostly live from a bare black set in Lime Grove Studio D until 14 June 1991, when it transferred to BBC Television Centre in White City, west London. The regular format was for a single presenter to provide links for a number of packaged features and interviews or panel discussion in the studio. Some editions were given over to in-depth coverage of a single topic, for example a whole programme on National Poetry Day. The 1989–1995 revival of Face to Face, this time presented by Jeremy Isaacs, was also an element of the programme. Some weeks would be given over to one subject across the week, such as Italy week, Berlin week and, in 1995, Ireland week. Some outside broadcasts were made at the time by the Late Show team including the ceremonies to award the Booker Prize and the Mercury Music Prize. Most items were pre-recorded on videotape. Amongst the directors who worked on the programme are Paul Tickell, David Upshal, Sheree Folkson, Mark Cooper, David Evans, Anand Tucker, Mary Harron, Vanessa Engle and Sharon Maguire. Later in the programme's run a regular panel discussion – Late Review – was introduced looking at new films, books and plays and other arts and cultural events. Regular contributors to this included Tony Parsons, Tom Paulin and Allison Pearson, and it was chaired by The Guardian journalist Mark Lawson. In 1991, Jackson left the programme to become Head of Music and Arts at the BBC; he later became Controller of BBC2 in 1993. From 1992 The Late Show was joined by the follow-on weekly music slot Later with Jools Holland that also drew away the programme's appeal to popular music acts. As Controller of BBC1, Alan Yentob began to revamp that channel's arts coverage which also competed editorially with The Late Show. The programme proper was cancelled by Jackson in 1995. Late Review continued until March 2013 when it was moved from BBC Two to BBC Four and went from a weekly to a monthly broadcast slot. It went through a number of incarnations, and now entitled The Review Show, it is produced by the team that makes Newsnight. Former Editor Roly Keating is now the Chief Executive of the British Library. Janice Hadlow is now the controller of BBC Two. Presenters The Late Shows presenters were mostly picked from up-and-coming writers and critics rather than professional broadcasters or journalists. For many it was their first exposure on mainstream television. Regular presenters included: Paul Morley, presenter of first episode Tracey MacLeod Michael Ignatieff Sarah Dunant Clive James Waldemar Januszczak Matthew Collings Kirsty Wark Francine Stock Mark Lawson Occasional presenters: Melvyn Bragg Jeremy Isaacs Fintan O'Toole Susan Sontag Regular reporters: Benjamin Woolley Tom Brook Notable moments Outburst by actor Keith Allen (eventually directed at a producer on the studio floor) during a round-table discussion on comedy. He mocked Farrukh Dhondy who was sitting at the table saying "you don't have a chip on your shoulder, you've got a vindaloo" Allen had been drinking heavily and eventually stormed off the set, hurling abuse at the producer. Host Michael Ignatieff barking at a guest "Don't patronise me!" Studio power was accidentally cut-off when The Stone Roses were performing Made of Stone. As presenter Tracey Macleod struggled to cover and link to the next item lead singer Ian Brown could be heard repeatedly shouting "Amateurs". The autocue freezing on Matthew Collings and him saying "I haven't got my script" Matthew Collings talking to artist Michael Craig-Martin discussing one of his works on display in the studio: a glass of water on a high shelf which the artist claimed was an oak tree. Sarah Dunant interviewing Salman Rushdie whilst he was still officially in hiding following the fatwa condemning him to death. XTC performing 'Books Are Burning' from their Nonsuch album in 1992. After the group had stopped playing live ten years previously, it was a rare live performance from them. An episode featured prisoners at HM Prison Wakefield performing an opera with the help of Opera North. External links The Late Show, BFI database, with episode listings References BBC Television shows 1989 British television series debuts 1995 British television series endings English-language television shows Television shows shot in Wakefield Television shows set in Wakefield
ABBAMAIL was an ABBA fan organisation on the Internet, based in Sydney, Australia. It was founded by Graeme Read and Grant Whittingham on 13 January 1997. The web site featured monthly columns, regular news updates, and a comprehensive archive including pictures, press releases and original articles. Revenue for the web site came from a subscription based e-mail list and an online store. It also contained a subscription-free forum and chat room. ABBAMAIL claimed to be one of the popular ABBA fan sites on the web, with over 25,000 unique hits per month. The web site was closed on 28 October 2008. Origins The ABBAMAIL e-mail list went live on 13 January 1997 to give ABBA fans an unmoderated voice on the Internet. The incumbent list at the time, Abba-List, was criticised for not allowing freedom of speech. Co-founders Graeme Read and Grant Whittingham (previously President and Treasurer of the Australian ABBA Fan Club from 1976 to 1983) brought their combined experience in managing such organisations to the new venture. Hundreds of people initially joined the list, and within months the web site had been created. In addition to content provided by the founders, much content was provided by the e-mail list members. Conventions ABBAMAIL was responsible for bringing fans together, both via the e-mail list and web site and via fan conventions held in Australia. The usual format of an ABBAMAIL convention was a welcome, followed by merchandise sales, rare or topical video presentations, a break for lunch, a guest speaker with question and answer sessions, followed by dinner and an ABBA disco. The following conventions were held by ABBAMAIL in Sydney - Australian Tour: 20 Year Celebration - March 1997. Special Guest - Annie Wright, who was an employee of RCA in the 1970s and accompanied the group on their Australian tour. Women of ABBA - June 1997. Summer Night City - November 1998. The ABBA Generation - November 1999. Special Guest - Shelley Benson, who was Abba's promotional manager at RCA in the 1970s. According to ABBAMAIL founders, the event was inspired by Gabriel Zubowski, an ABBA fan from Poland. CMP Down Under - September 2001. Special Guest - ABBA historian and author, Carl Magnus Palm. MAD 05 - September 2005. The ABBAMAIL Effect Through its ability to focus comments from a large number of ABBA fans into one forum, ABBAMAIL impacted parts of ABBA's music production, such as PolyGram and Universal Music re-releasing CDs in a corrected form. In 1997, all eight studio albums were remastered and re-released. Audiophiles among the fan group immediately noticed errors and problems with this mastering and discussed being disappointed by the quality of the covers. The original negatives were sourced for the cover art, resulting in the first clear covers since CDs had been released. ABBAMAIL was also asked for assistance in locating additional material for the ABBA - In Concert DVD and the ABBA: The Movie DVD release. In his book, "Bright Lights, Dark Shadows - The Real Story of ABBA", author Carl Magnus Palm thanks the ABBAMAIL list along with many individual ABBAMAIL members who assisted him with his work. Fans on the list connected initially via the e-mail list. These personal friendships have resulted in people travelling around the world in order to meet face to face. Controversy In May 2006, ABBAMAIL were threatened with legal action by MIPI (Music Industry Piracy Investigations) working on behalf of Universal Music. ABBAMAIL had offered bootleg recordings of non-commercially available television appearances and home-recorded live concerts on CD. According to ABBAMAIL, Universal Music had known about this for several years and previously chose not to take any action. Initially, they demanded all items in the web shop containing the ABBA logo to be removed from sale. This was completed. A new demand was issued demanding names and addresses of all ABBA fans who had purchased material from the site. This was not completed. A campaign was begun with ABBAMAIL supporters e-mailing the record company and the group's representatives to protest the action. As of 15 September 2006, the legal action was complete at a cost of over A$4,000 in legal fees. MIPI advised they were happy with the compliance with their demands and no further action was pending. Notes External links ABBAMAIL Abba fans cry SOS - newspaper article on legal action Organizations established in 1997 ABBA Music fan clubs
World Driver Championship is an automobile racing video game. It was developed by Boss Game Studios and published for the Nintendo 64 by Midway Games. It is notable for having especially high quality graphics. Gameplay World Driver Championship is a racing game that features ten locations. Most locations feature six tracks (marked "A", "B", and "C"), three of which are in reverse (marked "R" next to "A", "B", and "C"). The exception is Black Forest, which has only four tracks, two of them being in reverse. These are the ten locations: Hawaii, USA; Les Gets, France; Las Vegas, USA; Auckland, New Zealand; Lisbon, Portugal; Rome, Italy; Sydney, Australia; Zurich, Switzerland; Kyoto, Japan; and the Black Forest in Germany. Development The game was showcased at E3 1999. One of the last racing simulations to be released for Nintendo 64, this graphically intensive title uses custom microcode optimization and high polygon count modelling. The development team was able to optimize the usage of the various processors within the N64 to allow a great draw distance (reducing the need for fog or pop-up), highly detailed texturing and models, Doppler effect MP3 audio, and advanced lighting and fog effects for realistic weather conditions. Increasingly prevalent toward the latter years of the N64's commercial lifetime, the game has a high resolution 640x480 mode that does not require the add-on N64 RAM Expansion Pak. Additionally, unlike many other games of its type on the platform, the game runs high resolution at a smooth pace. The soundtrack, consisting of original rock and heavy metal tunes, was composed by musician Zack Ohren. Reception Although World Driver Championship received generally positive reviews from critics, it suffered from intense competition at the time. While the game was an improvement in nearly every way compared to Boss's similar earlier effort, Top Gear Rally, it was up against the impressive new Gran Turismo series and other new racers. Complaints included a somewhat unconvincing driving physics model, non-licensed cars, and poor sound effects and music quality. The dislike for the physics model often stems from the beginning cars being difficult to drive and offering a "sloppy" feeling of control. Next Generation praised the game, stating that "Arcade racing fans may find it too tough, but this is a must-buy for anyone who wants a realistic GT racing game." References External links 1999 video games Boss Game Studios games Midway video games Multiplayer and single-player video games Nintendo 64 games Nintendo 64-only games Racing video games Video games developed in the United States
Lyceum is a synchronous computer-mediated communication (CMC) software which allows groups of people to speak to one another in real time over the Internet using Voice over IP conferencing. Lyceum was developed at the Open University in the UK and was introduced into language tutorials in 2002. It also offers an interactive whiteboard (for writing, drawing and importing images, e.g. from the Web), a concept mapping device (for taking notes or writing short texts), a word processor (for jointly writing and editing longer documents) and a written text chat facility. The software was written in Java, with some C code to integrate a third party native library used for the Voice over IP conferencing functionality. The use of the software for language learning has been reported at different stages, from the pilot projects since 1997 (Hauck & Haezewindt, 1999, Shield 2000, Kötter 2001, Hewer and Shield 2001), to reports of the mainstream use (Hampel 2003, Hampel & Hauck 2004). Recent articles include task design (Rosell-Aguilar, 2005), tutor roles (Hampel & Stickler, 2005, Rosell-Aguilar, 2007), tutor impressions (Rosell-Aguilar, 2006a), and student impressions (Rosell-Aguilar, 2006b) References Hampel, R. (2003) Theoretical Perspectives and New Practices in Audio-Graphic Conferencing for Language Learning. ReCALL, 15 (1), p 21–36. Hampel, R. and Hauck, M. (2004) Towards and Effective Use of Audio Conferencing in Distance Learning Courses. Language Learning and Technology, 8 (1), p 66–82. Hampel, R. & Stickler, U. (2005). New Skills for new classrooms. Training tutors to teach languages online. In CALL (Computer Assisted Language Learning). 18 (4). pp. 311 – 326. Hampel, R. (2007). New literacies and the affordances of the new media: Using audiographic computer conferencing for language learning. In: Schneider, Würffel (eds.): Kooperation & Steuerung. Fremdsprachenlernen und Lehrerbildung mit digitalen Medien. Gießener Beiträge zur Fremdsprachendidaktik. Tübingen: Narr, 33–53. Hauck, M. and Haezewindt, B. (1999) Adding a new perspective to distance (language) learning and teaching – the tutor's perspective. ReCALL, 11 (2), p 46–54. Hewer, S. & Shield, L. (2001) 'Online Communities: Interactive Oral Work at a Distance', in Atkinson, T. (ed.) Reflections on computers and language learning, UK, CILT Reflections Series, 53–62. Kötter, M. (2001) Developing Distance Language Learners’ Interactive Competence – Can Synchronous Audio do the trick? International Journal of Educational Telecommunications, 7 (4), 327–353. Rosell-Aguilar, F. (2005) Task design for audiographic conferencing: Promoting beginner oral interaction in distance language learning. Computer Assisted Language Learning 18 (5), 417–442. Rosell-Aguilar, F. (2006a) Online tutorial support in Open Distance Learning through audio-graphic SCMC: tutor impressions. JALT-CALL Journal, 2 (2). Rosell-Aguilar, F. (2006b) The face-to-face and the online learner: a comparative study of tutorial support for Open and Distance Language Learning and the learner experience with audio-graphic SCMC. In Liontas, J. (ed) The Reading Matrix 5th Anniversary Special Issue - CALL Technologies and the Digital Learner, 6 (3), 248–268. Rosell-Aguilar, F. (2007) Changing tutor roles in online tutorial support for Open Distance Learning through audio-graphic SCMC. JALT-CALL Journal, 3 (1-2). Shield, L. (2000) Overcoming Isolation: the loneliness of the long distance language learner. Keynote address at the EADTU Paris Millennium Conference: Wiring the Ivory Tower. Paris, France. VoIP software
Shadow Moses may refer to: Shadow Moses, a fictional location and site of the 'Shadow Moses Incident' in the video game Metal Gear Solid "Shadow Moses" (song), a 2013 song by Bring Me the Horizon
The MSU Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics () is a faculty of Moscow State University. History Although lectures in mathematics had been delivered since Moscow State University was founded in 1755, the mathematical and physical department was founded only in 1804. The Mathematics and Mechanics Department was founded on 1 May 1933 and comprised mathematics, mechanics and astronomy departments (the latter passed to the Physics Department in 1956). In 1953 the department moved to a new building on the Sparrow Hills and the current division in mathematics and mechanics branches was settled. In 1970, the Department of Computational Mathematics and Cybernetics broke off the department due to the research in computer science. A 2014 article entitled "Math as a tool of anti-semitism" in The Mathematics Enthusiast discussed antisemitism in the Moscow State University’s Department of Mathematics during the 1970s and 1980s. Current state Today the Department comprises 26 chairs (17 in the mathematical and 9 in the mechanics branch) and 14 research laboratories. Around 350 professors, assistant professors and researchers work at the department. Around 2000 students and 450 postgraduates study at the department. The education lasts 5 years (6 years from 2011). Notable alumni Notable faculty (past and present) Algebra – O. U. Schmidt, A. G. Kurosh, Yu. I. Manin Number theory – B. N. Delaunay, A. I. Khinchin, L. G. Shnirelman, A. O. Gelfond Topology – P. S. Alexandrov, A. N. Tychonoff, L. S. Pontryagin, Lev Tumarkin Real analysis – D. E. Menshov, A. I. Khinchin, N. K. Bari, A. N. Kolmogorov, S. B. Stechkin Complex analysis – I. I. Privalov, M. A. Lavrentiev, A. O. Gelfond, M. V. Keldysh Ordinary differential equations – V. V. Stepanov, V. V. Nemitski, V. I. Arnold, N. N. Nekhoroshev Partial differential equations – I. G. Petrovsky, S. L. Sobolev, E. M. Landis Mathematical logic and Theory of algorithms – A. A. Markov (Jr.), A. N. Kolmogorov, V. A. Melnikov, V. A. Uspensky, A. L.Semenov Calculus of variations – L. A. Lusternik Functional analysis – A. N. Kolmogorov, I. M. Gelfand Probability theory – A. I. Khinchin, A. N. Kolmogorov, Ya. G. Sinai, A. N. Shiryaev Differential geometry – V. F. Kagan, A. T. Fomenko, N. V. Efimov Discrete mathematics – O. B. Lupanov Theoretical Mechanics and Mechatronics – D. E. Okhotsimsky, V. V. Rumyantsev Aero- and hydrodynamics – L. I. Sedov Wave theory – A. I. Nekrasov References External links Official website of the department (in Russian) Moscow State University Education in Moscow Mathematics departments
