Chono Ca Pe was a Native American chief of the Otoe tribe. He was a member of the O'Fallon delegation of 1821. References Native American leaders Otoe people 19th-century Native Americans
The military occupation of the Channel Islands by Nazi Germany lasted for most of the Second World War, from 30 June 1940 until liberation on 9 May 1945. The Bailiwick of Jersey and Bailiwick of Guernsey are British Crown dependencies in the English Channel, near the coast of Normandy. The Channel Islands were the only de jure part of the British Empire in Europe to be occupied by Nazi Germany during the war. Germany's allies, Italy and Japan, also occupied British territories in Africa and Asia, respectively. Anticipating a swift victory over Britain, the occupying German forces initially experimented by using a moderate approach to the non-Jewish population, supported by local collaborators. However, as time progressed the situation grew gradually worse and ended in near starvation for both occupied and occupiers during the winter of 1944-45. Armed resistance by islanders to the German occupation was nearly non-existent. Many islanders were employed by the Germans, and Germany imported thousands of captive workers to build extensive defensive works on the islands. Island leaders maintained some authority, independence, and freedom of decision from the German occupiers. Before occupation Early months of the Second World War Between 3 September 1939, when the United Kingdom declared war against Germany, and 9 May 1940, little changed in the Channel Islands. Unlike in the UK, conscription did not exist, but a number of people travelled to Britain to join up as volunteers. The horticulture and tourist trades continued as normal; the British government relaxed restrictions on travel between the UK and the Channel Islands in March 1940, enabling tourists from the UK to take morale-boosting holidays in traditional island resorts. On 10 May 1940, Germany attacked the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg by air and land and the war stepped closer. The Battle of France was reaching its climax on Empire Day, 24 May, when King George VI addressed his subjects by radio, saying, "The decisive struggle is now upon us ... Let no one be mistaken; it is not mere territorial conquest that our enemies are seeking. It is the overthrow, complete and final, of this Empire and of everything for which it stands, and after that the conquest of the world. And if their will prevails they will bring to its accomplishment all the hatred and cruelty which they have already displayed." On 11 June 1940, as part of the British war effort in the Battle of France, a long range Royal Air Force aerial sortie carried out by 36 Whitley bombers against the Italian cities of Turin and Genoa departed from small airfields in Jersey and Guernsey, as part of Operation Haddock. Weather conditions resulted in only ten Whitleys reaching their intended targets. Two bombers were lost in the action. Demilitarisation On 15 June, after the Allied defeat in the Battle of France, the British government decided that the Channel Islands were of no strategic importance and would not be defended, but did not give Germany this information. Thus despite the reluctance of Prime Minister Winston Churchill, the British government gave up the oldest possession of the Crown "without firing a single shot." The Channel Islands served no purpose to the Germans other than the propaganda value of having occupied British territory. The "Channel Islands had been demilitarised and declared...' an open town'". On 16 June 1940, the Lieutenant-Governors of each island were instructed to make available as many boats as possible to aid the evacuation of British soldiers from Saint-Malo in France. Guernsey was too far away to help at such short notice. The Bailiff of Jersey called on the Saint Helier Yacht Club in Jersey to help. Four yachts set off immediately, with fourteen others being made ready within 24 hours. The first yachts arrived in Saint-Malo on the morning of 17 June and embarked troops from shore to waiting transport ships; the remaining yachts from Jersey arrived on 18 June and helped clear the last parties from land. On 17 June 1940, a plane arrived in Jersey from Bordeaux evacuating Brigade General Charles de Gaulle from France. After coffee and refuelling, the plane flew on to Heston, outside London, where next day the general made his historic appeal of 18 June to the French people via the BBC. The last troops left the islands on 20 June, departing so quickly that bedding and half-consumed meals were left in Castle Cornet. No. 501 Squadron RAF which had arrived in Jersey from Dinard, in France, on 17 June with their Hawker Hurricane fighters, evacuated to England on 21 June. Evacuation The realisation of the necessity of civilian evacuation from the Channel Islands came very late. With no planning and secrecy being maintained, communications between the island governments and the UK took place in an atmosphere of confusion and misinterpretation. Opinion was divided and chaos ensued with different policies adopted by the different islands. The British government concluded its best policy was to make available as many ships as possible so that islanders had the option to leave if they wanted to. The authorities in Alderney, having no direct communication with the UK, recommended that all islanders evacuate, and all but a handful did so. The Dame of Sark, Sibyl Hathaway, encouraged everyone to stay. Guernsey evacuated 80% of children of school age, giving the parents the option of keeping their children with them, or evacuating them with their school. By 21 June it became apparent to the government of Guernsey that it would be impossible to evacuate everyone who wanted to leave and priority would have to be given to special categories in the time remaining. The message in Guernsey was changed to an anti-evacuation one; in total, 5,000 school children and 12,000 adults out of 42,000 were evacuated. In Jersey, where children were on holiday to help with the potato crop, 23,000 civilians registered to leave; however the majority of islanders, following the consistent advice of the island government, then chose to stay with only 6,600 out of 50,000 leaving on the evacuation ships. Nearby Cherbourg was already occupied by German forces before official evacuation boats started leaving on 20 June; the last official one left on 23 June, though mail boats and cargo ships continued to call at the islands until 28 June. Most evacuated children were separated from their parents. Some evacuated children were assisted financially by the "Foster Parent Plan for Children Affected by War" where each child was sponsored by a wealthy American. One girl, Paulette, was sponsored by first lady Eleanor Roosevelt. Emergency government The Home Office instructed the lieutenant governors that in the eventuality of the recall of the representatives of the Crown, the bailiffs should take over their responsibilities and that the bailiffs and Crown Officers should remain at their posts. The Lieutenant Governor of Jersey discussed with the Bailiff of Jersey the matter of being required to carry on administration under German orders. The bailiff considered that this would be contrary to his oath of allegiance, but he was instructed otherwise. Last-minute arrangements were made to enable British administration to legally continue under the circumstances of occupation. The withdrawal of the lieutenant governors on 21 June 1940 and the cutting of contact with the Privy Council prevented Royal Assent being given to laws passed by the legislatures. The bailiffs took over the civil, but not the military, functions of the lieutenant governors. The traditional consensus-based governments of the bailiwicks were unsuited to swift executive action, and therefore in the face of imminent occupation, smaller instruments of government were adopted. Since the legislatures met in public session, the creation of smaller executive bodies that could meet behind closed doors enabled freer discussion of matters such as how far to comply with German orders. In Guernsey, the States of Deliberation voted on 21 June 1940 to hand responsibility for running island affairs to a controlling committee, under the presidency of HM Attorney General Ambrose Sherwill MC, age 50, who was selected because he was younger and more robust than the 69-year-old Bailiff, Victor Carey. The States of Jersey passed the Defence (Transfer of Powers) (Jersey) Regulation 1940 on 27 June 1940 to amalgamate the various executive committees into eight departments each under the presidency of a States member. The presidents along with the Crown Officers made up the Superior Council under the presidency of the 48-year-old bailiff, Capt. Alexander Coutanche. Invasion The Germans did not realise that the islands had been demilitarised (news of the demilitarisation had been suppressed until 30 June 1940), and they approached them with caution. Reconnaissance flights were inconclusive. On 28 June 1940, they sent a squadron of bombers over the islands and bombed the harbours of Guernsey and Jersey. In St. Peter Port, the main town of Guernsey, some lorries lined up to load tomatoes for export to England were mistaken by the reconnaissance flights for troop carriers. A similar attack occurred in Jersey where nine died. In total, 44 islanders were killed in the raids. The BBC broadcast a belated message that the islands had been declared "open towns" and later in the day reported the German bombing of the island. While the Wehrmacht was preparing Operation Grünpfeil (Green Arrow), a planned invasion of the islands with assault troops comprising two battalions, a reconnaissance pilot, Hauptmann Liebe-Pieteritz, made a test landing at Guernsey's deserted airfield on 30 June to determine the level of defence. He reported his brief landing to Luftflotte 3 which came to the decision that the islands were not defended. A platoon of Luftwaffe airmen was flown that evening to Guernsey by Junkers transport planes. Inspector Sculpher of the Guernsey police went to the airport carrying a letter signed by the bailiff stating that "This Island has been declared an Open Island by His Majesty's Government of the United Kingdom. There are no armed forces of any description. The bearer has been instructed to hand this communication to you. He does not understand the German language." He found that the airport had been taken over by the Luftwaffe. The senior German officer, Major Albrecht Lanz, asked to be taken to the island's chief man. They went by police car to the Royal Hotel where they were joined by the bailiff, the president of the controlling committee, and other officials. Lanz announced through an interpreter that Guernsey was now under German occupation. In this way the Luftwaffe pre-empted the Wehrmacht's invasion plans. Jersey surrendered on 1 July. Alderney, where only a handful of islanders remained, was occupied on 2 July and a small detachment travelled from Guernsey to Sark, which surrendered on 4 July. The first shipborne German troops consisting of two anti-aircraft units, arrived in St. Peter Port on the captured freighter SS Holland on 14 July. Occupation The German forces quickly consolidated their positions. They brought in infantry, established communications and anti-aircraft defences, established an air service with occupied mainland France, and rounded up British servicemen on leave. Administration The Germans organised their administration as part of the department of Manche, where it was de facto incorporated into Vichy France but administered as part of military government Area A based in St. Germain in the occupied part of France. Feldkommandantur 515 headed by Colonel Friedrich Schumacher arrived on 9 August 1940 in Jersey to establish a civil affairs command structure, with a Nebenstelle in Guernsey (also covering Sark), an Aussenstelle in Alderney, and a logistics Zufuhrstelle in Granville. The kommandant issued an order in Guernsey on 2 July 1940 and in Jersey on 8 July 1940 instructing that laws passed by the legislatures would have to be given assent by the kommandant and that German orders were to be registered as legislation. The civil courts would continue in operation, but German military courts would try breaches of German law. At first the bailiffs submitted legislation for the assent of the kommandant signed in their capacities as lieutenant governors. At the end of 1941, the kommandant objected to this style and subsequent legislation was submitted simply signed as bailiff. The German authorities changed the Channel Island time zone from GMT to CET to bring the islands into line with most of continental Europe, and the rule of the road was also changed to driving on the right. Scrip (occupation money) was issued in the islands to keep the economy going. German military forces used the scrip for payment of goods and services. Locals employed by Germans were also paid in the Occupation Reichsmarks. The Germans allowed entertainment to continue including cinemas and theatre; their military bands performed in public. In 1944, the popular German film actress Lil Dagover arrived to entertain German troops in Jersey and Guernsey with a theatre tour to boost morale. Besides the civil administration, there was also a military commander (Befehlshaber Kanalinseln, on 1 October 1944 renamed Wehrmachtbefehlshaber Kanalinseln). Military commanders were : Major Albrecht Lanz (1 July 1940 - 26 Sep 1940) Colonel Rudolf Graf von Schmettow (26 Sep 1940 – 1 June 1941) Generalmajor Erich Müller (1 June 1941 – 1 Sep 1943) Generalmajor Rudolf Graf von Schmettow (1 Sep 1943 - 1 Oct 1944) Generalleutnant Rudolf Graf von Schmettow (1 Oct 1944 – 26 Feb 1945) Vizeadmiral Friedrich Hüffmeier (26 Feb 1945 – 9 May 1945) The islands were occupied by the 216th Infantry Division until 30 April 1941, and after that by the 319th Infantry Division. Collaboration The view of the majority of islanders about active resistance to German rule was probably expressed by John Lewis, a medical doctor in Jersey. "Any sort of sabotage was not only risky but completely counterproductive. More important still, there would be instant repercussions on the civilian population who were very vulnerable to all sorts of reprisals." Sherwill seems to have expressed the views of a majority of the islanders on 18 July 1940 when he complained about a series of abortive raids by British commandos on Guernsey. "Military activities of this kind were most unwelcome and could result in loss of life among the civilian population." He asked the British government to leave the Channel Islands in peace. Sherwill was later imprisoned by the Germans for his role in helping two British spies on Guernsey, and when released, deported to a German internment camp. Sherwill's situation illustrated the difficulty for the island government and their citizens to cooperate—but to stop short of collaborating—with their occupiers and to retain as much independence as possible from German rule. The issue of islanders' collaboration with the Germans remained quiescent for many years, but was ignited in the 1990s with the release of wartime archives and the subsequent publication of a book titled The Model Occupation: The Channel Islands under German Rule, 1940–1945 by Madeleine Bunting. Language such as the title of one chapter, "Resistance? What Resistance?" incited islander ire. Bunting's point was that the Channel Islanders did not act in a Churchillian manner, they "did not fight on the beaches, in the fields or in the streets. They did not commit suicide, and they did not kill any Germans. Instead they settled down, with few overt signs of resistance, to a hard, dull but relatively peaceful five years of occupation, in which more than half the population was working for the Germans." The issue of collaboration was further inflamed on the Channel Islands by the fictional television programme Island at War (2004), which featured a romance between a German soldier and an island woman and favourably portrayed the German military commander of the occupation. In the official history of the occupation, author Charles Cruickshank defended the island leaders and their government. Had the island leaders, he said, "simply kept their heads above water and done what they were told to do by the occupying power it would hardly be a matter for censure; but they carried the administrative war into the enemy camp on many occasions. It is not that they made some mistakes that is surprising, but that they did so much right in circumstances of the greatest possibly difficulty." Norman Le Brocq, a leader of the Jersey resistance and a co-founder of both the Jersey Communist Party and the Jersey Democratic Movement, was bitter towards much of the island's police and government due to their collaboration with the German occupation. He accused both Jersey's police and government of going unpunished despite collaborating with the German occupation by reporting the island's Jews to the Nazis, many of whom were subsequently sent to Auschwitz and Belsen. Whilst his leadership of the resistance went unrecognised by the British government, many officials who had collaborated with the Nazis had been awarded OBE titles and knighthoods. Civilian life during the occupation Life as a civilian during the occupation came as a shock. Having their own governments continuing to govern them softened the blow and kept most civilians at a distance from their oppressors. Many lost their jobs when businesses closed down and it was hard to find work with non-German employers. As the war progressed, life became progressively harsher and morale declined, especially when radios were confiscated and then when deportations took place in September 1942. Food, fuel, and medicines became scarce and crime increased. Following 6 June 1944, liberation became more likely in the popular mind, but the hardest times for the civilians were still to come. The winter of 1944-45 was very cold and hungry, many of the population being saved from starvation by the arrival of Red Cross parcels. Restrictions On arrival in the islands, the Germans issued proclamations imposing new laws on the resident islanders. As time progressed, additional laws restricting rights were posted and had to be obeyed. The restrictions included: Confiscation of: weapons (1940) boats (1940) radios (1940) then (1942) motor vehicles (forced sale) (1940) cameras (1942) fuel (1940) houses (1940–1945) furniture (1940–1945) Restrictions on: fishing (1940) drinking spirits (1940) exporting goods (1940) changing prices of goods (1940) patriotic songs and signs (1940) more than three people meeting together (1940) access to beaches fuel freedom of speech (1940) access to medicines (1940) some clubs and associations. Changes to: clocks to German time (1940) drive on right hand side of roads (1941) rations (1943, 1944, and 1945) Forced to accept: censorship (1940) curfew (1940) exchange rate to Reichsmarks (1940) census (1940) growing vegetables food rationing (1940) increase in income tax to 4/- (1940) identity cards (1941) cycling in single file (1941) lodgers billeted German language in schools work from Germans Fortification and construction As part of the Atlantic Wall, between 1940 and 1945 the occupying German forces and the Organisation Todt constructed fortifications, roads, and other facilities in the Channel Islands. In a letter from the Oberbefehlshaber West dated 16 June 1941, the reinforcing of the islands was to be carried out on orders of Hitler, since an Allied attack "must be reckoned with" in Summer 1941. Much of the work was carried out by imported labour, including thousands from the Soviet Union, under the supervision of the German forces. The Germans transported over 16,000 slave workers to the Channel Islands to build fortifications. Five categories of construction worker were employed (or used) by the Germans. Paid foreign labour was recruited from occupied Europe, including French, Belgian, and Dutch workers, among whom were members of resistance movements who used the opportunity to travel to gain access to maps and plans. Conscripted labourers from France, Belgium, and the Netherlands were also assigned. In 1941 hundreds of unemployed French Algerians and Moroccans were handed to the Germans by the Vichy government and sent to Jersey. Around 2000 Spaniards who had taken refuge in France after the Spanish Civil War and who had been interned were handed over for forced labour. Most of the Soviet slave workers came from Ukraine. One thousand French Jews were imported. The problem of the use of local labour arose early in the occupation. In a request for labour dated 19 July 1941, the Oberbefehlshaber West cited the "extreme difficulty" of procuring local civilian labour. On 7 August Deputy Le Quesne, who was in charge of Jersey's Labour Department, refused a German order to provide labour for improvements at Jersey Airport on the grounds that this would be to provide military assistance to the enemy. On 12 August the Germans stated that unless labour was forthcoming men would be conscripted. The builders who had originally built the airport undertook the work under protest. In the face of threats of conscription and deportation to France, resistance to the demands led to an ongoing tussle over the interpretation of the Hague Convention and the definition of military and non-military works. An example that arose was to what extent non-military "gardening" was being intended as military camouflage. On 1 August 1941 the Germans accepted that the Hague Convention laid down that no civilian could be compelled to work on military projects. The case of the reinforcement of sea walls, which could legitimately be described as civilian sea defences (important for islands) but were undeniably of military benefit in terms of coastal defence, showed how difficult it was to distinguish in practice. Economic necessity drove many islanders to take up employment offered by the Germans. The Germans also induced civilian labour by offering those who contravened curfew or other regulations employment on building projects as an alternative to deportation to Germany. The fifth category of labour were British conscientious objectors and Irish citizens. As many of the islands' young men had joined the armed forces at the outbreak of war, there was a shortfall in manual labour on the farms, particularly for the potato crop; 150 registered conscientious objectors associated with the Peace Pledge Union and 456 Irish workers were recruited for Jersey. Some chose to remain and were trapped by the occupation. Some of the conscientious objectors were communists and regarded the German-Soviet pact as a justification for working for the Germans. Others participated in non-violent resistance activities. As the Irish workers were citizens of a neutral country (see Irish neutrality during World War II), they were free to work for the Germans as they wished and many did so. The Germans attempted to foster anti-British and pro-IRA sympathies with propaganda events aimed at the Irish (see also Irish Republican Army – Abwehr collaboration in World War II). John Francis Reilly convinced 72 of his fellow Irishmen in 1942 to volunteer for employment at the Hermann Göring ironworks near Brunswick. Conditions were unpleasant and they returned to Jersey in 1943. Reilly stayed behind in Germany to broadcast on radio and joined the Sicherheitsdienst (SD). The Channel Islands were amongst the most heavily fortified parts of the Atlantic Wall, particularly Alderney which is the closest to France. On 20 October 1941 Hitler signed a directive, against the advice of Commander-in-Chief von Witzleben, to turn the Channel Islands into an "impregnable fortress". In the course of 1942, one twelfth of the resources funnelled into the whole Atlantic Wall was dedicated to the fortification of the Channel Islands. Hitler had decreed that 10% of the steel and concrete used in the Atlantic Wall go to the Channel Islands. It is often said the Channel Islands were better defended than the Normandy beaches, given the large number of tunnels and bunkers around the islands. By 1944 in tunnelling alone, of rock had been extracted collectively from Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney (the majority from Jersey). At the same point in 1944 the entire Atlantic Wall from Norway to the Franco-Spanish border, excluding the Channel Islands, had extracted some . Light railways were built in Jersey and Guernsey to supply coastal fortifications. In Jersey, a gauge line was laid down following the route of the former Jersey Railway from St Helier to La Corbière, with a branch line connecting the stone quarry at Ronez in St John. A line ran along the west coast, and another was laid out heading east from St Helier to Gorey. The first line was opened in July 1942, the ceremony being disrupted by passively-resisting Jersey spectators. The Alderney Railway was taken over by the Germans who lifted part of the standard gauge line and replaced it with a metre gauge line, worked by two Feldbahn 0-4-0 diesel locomotives. The German railway infrastructure was dismantled after the liberation in 1945. Forced labour camps The Germans built many camps in Jersey, Guernsey, and four camps in Alderney. The Nazi operated each camp and used a mixture of volunteer and forced labour to build bunkers, gun emplacements, air raid shelters, and concrete fortifications. In Alderney the camps commenced operation in January 1942 and had a total inmate population of about 6,000. The Borkum and Helgoland camps were "volunteer" (Hilfswillige) labour camps Lager Borkum was used for German technicians and "volunteers" from European countries. Lager Helgoland was filled with Soviet Organisation Todt workers and the labourers in those camps were paid for work done which was not the case with inmates at the two concentration camps, Sylt and Norderney. The prisoners in Lager Sylt and Lager Norderney were slave labourers; Sylt camp held Jewish forced labourers. Norderney camp housed European (mainly Eastern Europeans but including Spaniards) and Soviet forced labourers. On 1 March 1943, Lager Norderney and Lager Sylt were placed under the control of the SS Hauptsturmführer Max List, turning them into concentration camps. Over 700 of the inmates of the four camps lost their lives in Alderney or in ships travelling to/from Alderney before the camps were closed and the remaining inmates transferred to France, mainly in mid-1944. The Minotaur, carrying 468 Organisation Todt workers including women and children from Alderney, was hit by Royal Canadian Navy motor torpedo boats near St Malo; about 250 of the passengers were killed by the explosions or by drowning, on 5 July 1944. In Jersey the number of camps is unclear. Lager Wick camp in Grouville has been investigated, and an estimated 200 workers were housed there. Norman Le Brocq's resistance movement, in a successful attempt to raise the morale of the prisoners, created posters and leaflets in both Spanish and Russian to inform the forced labourers of the German defeat at the hands of the Red Army at the Battle of Kursk and Battle of Stalingrad. Le Brocq's network was one of the only active Resistance networks on the channel island to actively sabotage the Nazis. During 1945, he had successfully convinced anti-Nazi German soldiers to plot a mutiny against their officers, the island was liberated by Allied forces before the mutiny could begin. Jews A small number of British and other Jews lived on the Channel Islands during the occupation. Most had been evacuated in June 1940, but British law did not allow enemy citizens, irrespective of their ethnicity, to enter Britain without a permit. When the Germans arrived, 18 Jews registered out of an estimated 30–50. In October 1940 German officials issued the first anti-Jewish Order, which instructed the police to identify Jews as part of the civilian registration process. Island authorities complied, and registration cards were marked with red "J"s; additionally, a list was compiled of Jewish property, including property owned by island Jews who had evacuated, which was turned over to German authorities. The registered Jews in the islands, often Church of England members with one or two Jewish grandparents, were subjected to the nine Orders Pertaining to Measures Against the Jews, including closing their businesses (or placing them under Aryan administration), giving up their wirelesses, and staying indoors for all but one hour per day. The civil administrations agonised over how far they could oppose the orders. The process developed differently on the three islands. Local officials made some effort to mitigate anti-Semitic measures by the Nazi occupying force, and as such refused to require Jews to wear identifying yellow stars and had most former Jewish businesses returned after the war. Officials in the registration department procured false documents for some of those who fell within categories suspected by the Germans. The anti-Jewish measures were not carried out systematically. Some well-known Jews lived through the occupation in comparative openness, including Marianne Blampied, the wife of artist Edmund Blampied. Three Jewish women of Austrian and Polish nationality, Therese Steiner, Auguste Spitz, and Marianne Grünfeld, had fled Central Europe to Guernsey in the 1930s but had been unable to leave Guernsey as part of the evacuation in 1940 because they were excluded by UK law. Eighteen months later, Steiner alerted the Germans to her presence. The three women were deported to France in April 1942, and were later sent to Auschwitz where they were killed or died. Freemasons Freemasonry was suppressed by the Germans. The Masonic Temples in Jersey and Guernsey were ransacked in January 1941 and furnishings and regalia were seized and taken to Berlin for display. Lists of membership of Masonic lodges were examined. The States in both bailiwicks passed legislation to nationalise Masonic property later in 1941 in order to protect the buildings and assets. The legislatures resisted attempts to pass anti-Masonic measures and no individual Freemason was persecuted for his adherence. Scouting was banned, but continued undercover, as did the Salvation Army. Deportations On specific orders from Adolf Hitler in 1942, the German authorities announced that all residents of the Channel Islands who were not born in the islands, as well as those men who had served as officers in World War I, were to be deported. The majority of them were transported to the south west of Germany, to Ilag V-B at Biberach an der Riss and Ilag VII at Laufen, and to Wurzach. This deportation order was originally issued in 1941, as a reprisal for the 800 German civilians in Iran being deported and interned. The ratio was 20 Channel Islanders to be interned for every German interned but its enactment was delayed and then diluted. The fear of internment caused suicides in all three islands. Guernsey nurse Gladys Skillett, who was five months pregnant at the time of her deportation to Biberach, became the first Channel Islander to give birth while in captivity in Germany. Of the 2,300 deported, 45 would die before the war ended. Imprisonment In Jersey, 22 islanders are recognised as having died as a consequence of having been sent to Nazi prisons and concentration camps. They are commemorated on Holocaust Memorial Day: Clifford Cohu: clergyman, arrested for acts of defiance including preaching against the Germans Walter Allen Dauny: sentenced for theft Arthur Dimmery: sentenced for digging up a buried wireless set for Saint Saviour wireless network George James Fox: sentenced for theft Louisa Gould: arrested for sheltering an escaped slave worker Maurice Jay Gould: arrested following a failed attempt to escape to England James Edward Houillebecq: deported following discovery of stolen gun parts and ammunition Peter Bruce Johnson: Australian, deported Frank René Le Villio: deported for serious military larceny William Howard Marsh: arrested for spreading BBC news Edward Peter Muels: arrested for helping a German soldier to desert John Whitley Nicolle: sentenced as ringleader of Saint Saviour wireless network Léonce L'Hermitte Ogier: advocate, arrested for possession of maps of fortifications and a camera, died in internment following imprisonment Frederick William Page: sentenced for failing to surrender a wireless set Clarence Claude Painter: arrested following a raid that discovered a wireless set, cameras, and photographs of military objects Peter Painter: son of Clarence Painter, arrested with his father when a pistol was found in his wardrobe Emile Paisnel: sentenced for receiving stolen articles Clifford Bond Quérée: sentenced for receiving stolen articles Marcel Fortune Rossi, Jr.: deported as a person of Italian heritage June Sinclair: hotel worker, sentenced for slapping a German soldier who made improper advances John (Jack) Soyer: sentenced for possession of a wireless, escaped from prison in France Joseph Tierney: first member of Saint Saviour wireless network to be arrested In Guernsey, the following are recognised as having died Sidney Ashcroft: convicted of serious theft and resistance to officials in 1942. Died in Naumburg prison. Joseph Gillingham: was one of the islanders involved in the Guernsey Underground News Service (GUNS). Died in Naumburg prison. Marianne Grunfeld: Jewish adult sent to Auschwitz concentration camp John Ingrouille: aged 15, found guilty of treason and espionage and sentenced to five years hard labour. Died in Brussels after release in 1945. Charles Machon: brainchild of GUNS. Died in . Percy Miller: sentenced to 15 months for wireless offences. Died in Frankfurt prison. Marie Ozanne: refused to accept the ban placed on the Salvation Army. Died in Guernsey hospital after leaving prison. Auguste Spitz: Jewish adult sent to Auschwitz concentration camp Therese Steiner: Jewish adult sent to Auschwitz concentration camp Louis Symes: sheltered his son 2nd Lt James Symes, who was on a commando mission to the island. Died in Cherche-Midi prison Resistance One of the first resistance cells created was the Jersey Communist Party, created by a teenage activist called Norman Le Brocq and two other young activists belonging to the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB). Using this cell, Norman Le Brocq helped create an umbrella organisation known as the Jersey Democratic Movement (JDM), to unite both communist and non-communist resistance across the island. The size of the population actively resisting German occupation in continental European countries was between 0.6% and 3%, and the percentage of the islands' populations participating in active resistance was comparable. From a wartime population of 66,000 in the Channel Islands a total of around 4000 islanders were sentenced for breaking laws (around 2600 in Jersey and 1400 in Guernsey), although many of these were for ordinary criminal acts rather than resistance. 570 prisoners were sent to continental prisons and camps, and at least 22 Jerseymen and 9 Guernseymen did not return. Willmott estimated that over 200 people in Jersey provided material and moral support to escaped forced workers, including over 100 who were involved in the network of safe houses sheltering escapees. No islanders joined active German military units though a small number of UK men who had been stranded on the islands at the start of the occupation joined up from prison. Eddie Chapman, an Englishman, was in prison for burglary in Jersey when the invasion occurred, and offered to work for the Germans as a spy under the code name Fritz, and later became a British double agent under the code name ZigZag. Resistance involved passive resistance, acts of minor sabotage, sheltering and aiding escaped slave workers, and publishing underground newspapers containing news from BBC radio. There was no armed resistance movement in the Channel Islands. Much of the population of military age had already joined the British or French armed forces. Because of the small size of the islands, most resistance involved individuals risking their lives to save someone else. The British government did not encourage resistance in the Channel Islands. Islanders joined in Churchill's V sign campaign by daubing the letter "V" (for Victory) over German signs. The Germans initially followed a policy of presenting a non-threatening presence to the resident population for its propaganda value ahead of an eventual invasion and occupation of the United Kingdom. Many islanders were willing to go along with the necessities of occupation as long as they felt the Germans were behaving in a correct and legal way. Two events particularly jolted many islanders out of this passive attitude: the confiscation of radios, and the deportation of large sections of the population. In May 1942, three youngsters, Peter Hassall, Maurice Gould, and Denis Audrain, attempted to escape from Jersey in a boat. Audrain drowned, and Hassall and Gould were imprisoned in Germany, where Gould died. Following this escape attempt, restrictions on small boats and watercraft were introduced, restrictions were imposed on the ownership of photographic equipment (the boys had been carrying photographs of fortifications with them), and radios were confiscated from the population. A total of 225 islanders, such as Peter Crill, escaped from the islands to England or France: 150 from Jersey, and 75 from Guernsey. The number of escapes increased after D-Day, when conditions in the islands worsened as supply routes to the continent were cut off and the desire to join in the liberation of Europe increased. Listening to the BBC had been banned in the first few weeks of the occupation and then (surprisingly given the policy elsewhere in Nazi-occupied Europe) tolerated for a time before being once again prohibited. In 1942 the ban became draconian, with all radio listening (even to German stations) being banned by the occupiers, a ban backed up by the confiscation of wireless sets. Denied access to BBC broadcasts, the populations of the islands felt increased resentment against the Germans and increasingly sought to undermine the rules. Hidden radio receivers and underground news distribution networks spread. Many islanders hid their sets (or replaced them with home-made crystal sets) and continued listening to the BBC, despite the risk of being discovered by the Germans or being informed on by neighbours. The regular raids by German personnel hunting for radios further alienated the population. A shortage of coinage in Jersey (partly caused by occupying troops taking away coins as souvenirs) led to the passing of the Currency Notes (Jersey) Law on 29 April 1941. Banknotes designed by Edmund Blampied was issued by the States of Jersey in denominations of 6 pence (6d), 1, 2 and 10 shillings (10/–), and 1 pound (£1). The 6d note was designed by Blampied in such a way that the word six on the reverse incorporated an outsized "X" so that when the note was folded, the result was the resistance symbol "V" for victory. A year later he was asked to design six new postage stamps for the island, in denominations of ½d to 3d. As a sign of resistance, he incorporated into the design for the 3d stamp the script initials GR (for Georgius Rex) on either side of the "3" to display loyalty to King George VI. Edmund Blampied also forged stamps for documents for fugitives. The deportations of 1942 sparked the first mass demonstrations against the occupation. The illegality and injustice of the measure, in contrast to the Germans' earlier showy insistence on legality and correctness, outraged those who remained behind and encouraged many to turn a blind eye to the resistance activities of others in passive support. Soon after the sinking of on 23 October 1943, the bodies of 21 members of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines were washed up in Guernsey. The German authorities buried them with full military honours. The funerals became an opportunity for some of the islanders to demonstrate their loyalty to Britain and their opposition to the occupiers: around 5,000 islanders attended the funeral, laying 900 wreaths – enough of a demonstration against the occupation for subsequent military funerals to be closed to civilians by the German occupiers. Some island women fraternised with the occupying forces. This was frowned upon by the majority of islanders, who gave them the derogatory nickname Jerry-bags. According to the Ministry of Defence, a very high proportion of women "from all classes and families" had sexual relations with the enemy, and 800–900 children were born to German fathers. The Germans estimated their troops had been responsible for fathering 60 to 80 out of wedlock births in the Channel Islands. As far as official figures went, 176 out of wedlock births had been registered in Jersey between July 1940 and May 1945; in Guernsey 259 out of wedlock births between July 1941 and June 1945 (the disparity in the official figures is explained by differing legal definitions of non-marital births in the two jurisdictions). The German military authorities tried to prohibit sexual fraternisation to reduce incidences of sexually transmitted diseases. They opened brothels for soldiers, staffed with French prostitutes under German medical surveillance. The sight of brutality against slave workers brought home to many islanders the reality of the Nazi ideology behind the punctilious façade of the occupation. Forced marches between camps and work sites by wretched workers and open public beatings rendered visible the brutality of the régime. British government reaction His Majesty's government's reaction to the German invasion was muted, with the Ministry of Information issuing a press release shortly after the Germans landed. On several occasions British aircraft dropped propaganda newspapers and leaflets on the islands. Raids on the Channel Islands On 6 July 1940, 2nd Lieutenant Hubert Nicolle, a Guernseyman serving with the British Army, was dispatched on a fact-finding mission to Guernsey, Operation Anger. He was dropped off the south coast of Guernsey by a submarine and paddled ashore in a canoe under cover of night. This was the first of two visits which Nicolle made to the island. Following the second, he missed his rendezvous and was trapped on Guernsey. After a month and a half in hiding, he gave himself up to the German authorities and was sent to a German prisoner-of-war camp. On the night of 14 July 1940, Operation Ambassador was launched on Guernsey by men drawn from H Troop of No. 3 Commando under John Durnford-Slater and No. 11 Independent Company. The raiders failed to make contact with the German garrison. Four commandos were left behind and were taken prisoner. Operation Dryad was a successful raid on the Casquets lighthouse on 2–3 September 1942. Operation Branford was an uneventful raid against Burhou, an island near Alderney, on 7–8 September 1942. In October 1942, there was a British Commando raid on Sark, named Operation Basalt. Three German soldiers were killed and one captured. Actions taken by the Commandos resulted in German retaliatory action against Channel Islanders and an order to execute captured Commandos. Operation Huckaback was a raid originally planned for the night of 9/10 February 1943, as simultaneous raids on Herm, Jethou and Brecqhou. The objective was to take prisoners and gain information about the situation in the occupied Channel Islands. Cancelled because of bad weather, Huckaback was reinvented as a raid on Herm alone. Landing on Herm and finding the island unoccupied, the Commandos left. Operation Pussyfoot was also a raid on Herm, but thick fog on 3–4 April 1943 foiled the raid and the Commandos did not land. Operation Hardtack was a series of commando raids in the Channel Islands and the northern coast of France in December 1943. Hardtack 28 landed on Jersey on 25–26 December, and after climbing the northern cliff the Commandos spoke to locals, but did not find any Germans. They suffered two casualties when a mine exploded on the return journey. One of the wounded, Captain Phillip Ayton, died of his wounds some days later. Hardtack 7 was a raid on Sark on 26–27 December, failing to climb the cliffs, they returned on 27–28 December, but two were killed and most others wounded by mines when climbing, resulting in the operation failing. In 1943, Vice Admiral Lord Mountbatten proposed a plan to retake the islands named Operation Constellation. The proposed attack was never mounted. Bombing and ship attacks on the islands The RAF carried out the first bombing raids in 1940 even though there was little but propaganda value in the attacks, the risk of hitting non-military targets was great and there was a fear of German reprisals against the civilian population. Twenty-two Allied air attacks on the Channel Islands during the war resulted in 93 deaths and 250 injuries, many being Organisation Todt workers in the harbours or on transports. Thirteen air crew died. There were fatalities caused by naval attacks amongst German soldiers and sailors, civilians, and Organisation Todt workers including the Minotaur carrying 468 Organisation Todt workers including women and children from Alderney that was hit by Royal Canadian Navy motor torpedo boats near St Malo, about 250 of the passengers killed by the explosions or by drowning, on 5 July 1944. In June 1944, Battery Blücher, a 150mm German artillery emplacement in Alderney, opened fire on American troops on the Cherbourg peninsula. HMS Rodney was called up on 12 August to fire at the battery. Using an aircraft as a spotter, it fired 72x16-inch shells at a range of 25 miles (40 km). Two Germans were killed, and several injured with two of the four guns damaged. Three guns were back in action in August, the fourth by November. The naval gunfire was not very effective. Representation in London As self-governing Crown Dependencies, the Channel Islands had no elected representatives in the British Parliament. It therefore fell to evacuees and other islanders living in the United Kingdom prior to the occupation to ensure that the islanders were not forgotten. The Jersey Society in London, which had been formed in 1896, provided a focal point for exiled Jerseymen. In 1943, several influential Guernseymen living in London formed the Guernsey Society to provide a similar focal point and network for Guernsey exiles. Besides relief work, these groups also undertook studies to plan for economic reconstruction and political reform after the end of the war. The pamphlet Nos Îles published in London by a committee of islanders was influential in the 1948 reform of the constitutions of the Bailiwicks. Sir Donald Banks felt that there must be an informed voice and body of opinion among exiled Guernseymen and women that could influence the British Government, and assist the insular authorities after the hostilities were over. In 1942, he was approached by the Home Office to see if anything could be done to get over a reassuring message to the islanders, as it was known that, despite the fact that German authorities had banned radios, the BBC was still being picked up secretly in Guernsey and Jersey. It was broadcast by the BBC on 24 April 1942. Bertram Falle, a Jerseyman, had been elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Portsmouth in 1910. Eight times elected to the House of Commons, in 1934 he was raised to the House of Lords with the title of Lord Portsea. During the occupation he represented the interests of islanders and pressed the British government to relieve their plight, especially after the islands were cut off following D-Day. Committees of émigré Channel islanders elsewhere in the British Empire also banded together to provide relief for evacuees. For example, Philippe William Luce (writer and journalist, 1882–1966) founded the Vancouver Channel Islands Society in 1940 to raise money for evacuees. Under siege During June 1944, the Allied Forces launched the D-Day landings and the liberation of Normandy. They decided to bypass the Channel Islands due to their heavy fortifications. As a result, German supply lines for food and other supplies through France were completely severed. The islanders' food supplies were already dwindling, and this made matters considerably worse – the islanders and German forces alike were on the point of starvation. In August 1944, the German Foreign Ministry made an offer to Britain, through the Swiss Red Cross, that would see the release and evacuation of all Channel Island civilians except for men of military age. This was not a possibility that the British had envisaged. The British considered the offer, a memorandum from Winston Churchill stating "Let 'em starve. They can rot at their leisure"; it is not clear whether Churchill meant the Germans or the civilians. The German offer was rejected in late September. In September 1944 a ship sailed from France to Guernsey under a white flag. The American on board asked the Germans if they were aware of their hopeless position. The Germans refused to discuss surrender terms and the American sailed away. It took months of protracted negotiations before the International Committee of the Red Cross ship SS Vega was permitted to bring relief to the starving islanders in December 1944, carrying Red Cross parcels, salt and soap, as well as medical and surgical supplies. Vega made five further trips to the islands, the last after the islands were liberated on 9 May 1945. The Granville Raid occurred on the night of 8–9 March 1945, when a German raiding force from the Channel Islands landed in Allied-occupied France and brought back supplies to their base. Granville had been the headquarters of Dwight D. Eisenhower for three weeks, six months earlier. Liberation Liberation Although plans had been drawn up and proposed in 1943 by Vice Admiral Lord Louis Mountbatten for Operation Constellation, a military reconquest of the islands, these plans were never carried out. The Channel Islands were liberated after the German surrender. On 8 May 1945 at 10:00 the islanders were informed by the German authorities that the war was over. Churchill made a radio broadcast at 15:00 during which he announced that: Hostilities will end officially at one minute after midnight tonight, but in the interests of saving lives the "Cease fire" began yesterday to be sounded all along the front, and our dear Channel Islands are also to be freed today. The following morning, 9 May 1945, HMS Bulldog arrived in St Peter Port, Guernsey and the German forces surrendered unconditionally aboard the vessel at dawn. British forces landed in St Peter Port shortly afterwards. HMS Beagle, which had set out at the same time from Plymouth, performed a similar role in liberating Jersey. Two naval officers, Surgeon Lieutenant Ronald McDonald and Sub Lieutenant R. Milne, were met by the harbourmaster (Cpt. H.J. Richmond) who escorted them to his office where they hoisted the Union Flag, before also raising it on the flagstaff of the Pomme D'Or Hotel. It appears that the first place liberated in Jersey may have been the British General Post Office Jersey repeater station. Mr Warder, a GPO lineman, had been stranded in the island during the occupation. He did not wait for the island to be liberated and went to the repeater station where he informed the German officer in charge that he was taking over the building on behalf of the British Post Office. Sark was liberated on 10 May 1945, and the German troops in Alderney surrendered on 16 May 1945. The German prisoners of war were removed from Alderney by 20 May 1945, and its population started to return in December 1945, after clearing up had been carried out by German troops under British military supervision. Aftermath The main Liberation forces arrived in the islands on 12 May 1945. A Royal Proclamation read out by Brigadier Alfred Snow in both Guernsey and Jersey vested the authority of military government in him. The British Government had planned for the relief and restoration of order in the islands. Food, clothing, pots, pans and household necessities had been stockpiled so as to supply islanders immediately. It was decided that to minimise financial disruption Reichsmarks would continue in circulation until they could be exchanged for sterling. In Sark, the Dame was left in command of the 275 German troops in the island until 17 May when they were transferred as prisoners of war to England. The UK Home Secretary, Herbert Morrison, visited Guernsey on 14 May and Jersey on 15 May and offered an explanation in person to the States in both bailiwicks as to why it had been felt in the interests of the islands not to defend them in 1940 and not to use force to liberate them after D-Day. On 7 June the King and Queen visited Jersey and Guernsey to welcome the oldest possessions of the Crown "back to freedom". Since the state of affairs in the islands had been largely unknown and there had been uncertainty as to the extent of resistance by the German forces, the Defence (Channel Islands) Regulations of 1944 had vested sweeping administrative powers in the military governor. As it turned out that the German surrender was entirely peaceful and orderly and civil order had been maintained, these regulations were used only for technical purposes such as reverting to Greenwich Mean Time. Each bailiwick was left to make its own regulations as necessary. The situation of retrospectively regularising legislation passed without Royal Assent had to be dealt with. Brigadier Snow signed regulations on 13 June (promulgated 16 June) to renew orders in Jersey and ordinances in Guernsey as though there had been no interruption in their technical validity. The period of military government lasted until 25 August 1945 when new Lieutenant Governors in each bailiwick were appointed. Following the liberation of 1945, allegations of collaboration with the occupying authorities were investigated. By November 1946, the UK Home Secretary was in a position to inform the House of Commons that most of the allegations lacked substance and only 12 cases of collaboration were considered for prosecution, but the Director of Public Prosecutions had ruled out prosecutions on insufficient grounds. In particular, it was decided that there were no legal grounds for proceeding against those alleged to have informed to the occupying authorities against their fellow citizens. The only trials connected to the occupation of the Channel Islands to be conducted under the Treachery Act 1940 were against individuals from among those who had come to the islands from Britain in 1939–1940 for agricultural work. These included conscientious objectors associated with the Peace Pledge Union and people of Irish extraction. In December 1945 a list of British honours was announced to recognise a certain number of prominent islanders for services during the occupation. In Jersey and Guernsey, laws were passed to confiscate retrospectively the financial gains made by war profiteers and black marketeers, although these measures also affected those who had made legitimate profits during the years of military occupation. Women who had fraternised with German soldiers were known as "Jerry-bags". This had aroused indignation among some citizens. In the hours following the liberation, members of the British liberating forces were obliged to intervene to prevent revenge attacks. For two years after the liberation, Alderney was operated as a communal farm. Craftsmen were paid by their employers, whilst others were paid by the local government out of the profit from the sales of farm produce. Remaining profits were put aside to repay the British government for repairing and rebuilding the island. As a result of resentment by the local population about not being allowed to control their own land, the Home Office set up an enquiry that led to the "Government of Alderney Law 1948", which came into force on 1 January 1949. The law provided for an elected States of Alderney, a justice system and, for the first time in Alderney, the imposition of taxes. Due to the small population of Alderney, it was believed that the island could not be self-sufficient in running the airport and the harbour, as well as in providing an acceptable level of services. The taxes were therefore collected into the general Bailiwick of Guernsey revenue funds (at the same rate as Guernsey) and administered by the States of Guernsey. Guernsey became responsible for many governmental functions and services. Particularly in Guernsey, which evacuated the majority of school-age children ahead of the occupation, the occupation weakened the indigenous culture of the island. Many felt that the children "left as Guerns and returned as English". This was particularly felt in the loss of the local dialect – children who were fluent in Guernesiais when they left, found that after five years of non-use they had lost much of the language. The abandoned German equipment and fortifications posed a serious safety risk and there were many accidents after the occupation resulting in several deaths. Many of the bunkers, batteries and tunnels can still be seen today. Some have been restored, such as Battery Lothringen and Ho8, and are open for the general public to visit. After the occupation, the islanders used some of the fortifications for other purposes, but most were stripped out in scrap drives (and by souvenir hunters) and left abandoned. One bunker was transformed into a fish hatchery and a large tunnel complex was made into a mushroom farm. The islands were seriously in debt, with the island governments owing over £10,000,000, having had to pay for the evacuation ships, the costs incurred by evacuees in the UK, the cost of the "occupation forces", being wages, food, accommodation and transport as well as the cost of providing domestics for the Germans, providing civilian work for islanders and needing to pay for reconstruction and compensation after the war. Taxation receipts had fallen dramatically during the war period. Finally, the now worthless Occupation Reichsmarks and RM bank deposits were converted back to Sterling at the rate of 9.36RM to £1. Part of this debt was met by a "gift" from the UK government of £3,300,000 which was used to reimburse islanders who had suffered damage and loss. In addition, the cost of maintaining the evacuees, estimated at £1,000,000 was written off by the government. As one could buy a house for £250 in the 1940s, the gift was equivalent to the value of 17,000 houses. War crime trials After World War II, a court-martial case was prepared against ex-SS Hauptsturmführer Max List (the former commandant of Lagers Norderney and Sylt), citing atrocities in Alderney. He did not stand trial, and is believed to have lived near Hamburg until his death in the 1980s. Unlike in the rest of Europe, German collaborators who had given information which led to the deportation of the Island's Jewish population to Belsen and Auschwitz, were never punished by the British government. Legacy Since the end of the occupation, the anniversary of Liberation Day has been celebrated in Jersey and Guernsey on 9 May as a national holiday (see Liberation Day (Jersey)); Sark marks Liberation Day on 10 May. In Alderney there was no official local population to be liberated, so Alderney celebrates "Homecoming Day" on 15 December to commemorate the return of the evacuated population. The first shipload of evacuated citizens from Alderney returned on this day. The Channel Islands Occupation Society was formed in order to study and preserve the history of this period. Castle Cornet was presented to the people of Guernsey in 1947 by the Crown as a token of their loyalty during two world wars. Some German fortifications have been preserved as museums, including the Underground Hospitals built in Jersey (Hohlgangsanlage 8) and Guernsey. Liberation Square in Saint Helier, Jersey, is now a focal point of the town, and has a sculpture which celebrates the liberation of the island. The Liberation monument in Saint Peter Port, Guernsey, is in the form of a monumental sundial unveiled on 9 May 1995: the obelisk that acts as gnomon has 50 layers, with the top 5 sheared to represent the loss of freedom for five years during the occupation – the sundial is so constructed that on 9 May each year the shadow points to inscriptions telling the story of Liberation hour by hour. In Jersey the end of the occupation was also marked with a penny inscribed "Liberated 1945". One million were produced between 1949 and 1952. In 1950 the States of Jersey purchased the headland at Noirmont, site of intense fortification (see Battery Lothringen), as a memorial to all Jerseymen who perished. A memorial stone was unveiled at Noirmont on 9 May 1970 to mark the 25th anniversary of Liberation. Saint Helier is twinned (since 2002) with Bad Wurzach, where deported Channel Islanders were interned. In 1966, Norman Le Brocq and 19 other islanders were awarded gold watches by the Soviet Union as a sign of gratitude for their role in the resistance movement. Former fugitives who had been sheltered by islanders were included among the guests at 50th anniversary celebrations of the Liberation in 1995. On 9 March 2010 the award of British Hero of the Holocaust was made to 25 individuals posthumously, including four Jerseymen, by the United Kingdom government in recognition of British citizens who assisted in rescuing victims of the Holocaust. The Jersey recipients were Albert Bedane, Louisa Gould, Ivy Forster and Harold Le Druillenec. It was, according to historian Freddie Cohen, the first time that the British Government recognised the heroism of islanders during the German occupation. Social impact Illegitimate children Evidence suggests that a significant number of children were born to German fathers during the occupation. Records show that the birth rate which had fallen at the start of World War II increased during the German Occupation. It has been reported that as many as 900 such babies may have been born in Jersey alone though others have cited far more modest figures. At the time under Jersey law, any child born to a married woman was automatically registered as her husband's whilst unmarried women left the section for the father's details blank and there were no formal legal structures surrounding adoption until 1947 so a child's German ancestry was often a matter of speculation. A government official in Jersey was reported to have said in the 1990s that "Many of them grew up with other families or may have been subsequently adopted. I think on the whole the children were assimilated," Many were placed in orphanages whilst there were rumours that in line with the Nazi party's racial ideas some were taken to be adopted in Germany. In media Music The Liberation Jersey International Music Festival was set up in Jersey in 2008 to remember the period of occupation. John Ireland's Fantasy-Sonata for Clarinet and Piano (1943) was partly inspired by his experience in being evacuated from the Channel Islands in advance of the occupation. In her song "Alderney", which appears on her album The Sea Cabinet, singer-songwriter Gwyneth Herbert tells the story of the sudden evacuation of the inhabitants of Alderney when the war broke out. She sings about the irrevocable changes introduced during the Nazi occupation of the island and their effect on the islanders. Video games Occupied Guernsey appears in Mission 5 of Sniper Elite 5. Aptly named Festung Guernsey. Where the protagonist Karl Fairburne is tasked with infiltrating the Island to destroy the fictional Project Kraken Prototype: a Stealth equipped U-boat. At some point in the mission, Fairburne is also tasked with destroying Batterie Mirus after he hears it firing in the distance. Television and film Several documentaries have been made about the occupation, mixing interviews with participants, both islanders and soldiers, archive footage, photos and manuscripts and modern day filming around the extensive fortifications still in place. These films include: In Toni's Footsteps: The Channel Island Occupation Remembered (2002) – 52min documentary tracing the history of the Occupation following the discovery of a notebook in an attic in Guernsey belonging to a German soldier named Toni Kumpel. Lover Other, a 2006 documentary about artist Claude Cahun, directed by Barbara Hammer, features the occupation prominently, as Cahun lived in Jersey at the time. There have also been television and film dramas set in the occupied islands: Appointment with Venus, a 1951 film set on the fictional island of Armorel (based on the island of Sark). Triple Cross (1966) has a passage set in Jersey in the period shortly after the German occupation commences. The Blockhouse, a film starring Peter Sellers and Charles Aznavour, set in occupied France, was filmed in a German bunker and on L'Ancresse common in Guernsey in 1973. The Eagle Has Landed (1976), directed by John Sturges, had a passage set in Alderney where Radl (Robert Duvall) meets Steiner (Michael Caine). ITV's Enemy at the Door, set in Guernsey and shown between 1978 and 1980 A&E's Night of the Fox (1990), set in Jersey shortly before D-Day in 1944. The 2001 film The Others starring Nicole Kidman was set in Jersey in 1945 just after the end of the occupation. ITV's Island at War (2004), a drama set in the fictional Channel Island of St Gregory. It was shown by US TV network PBS as part of its Masterpiece Theatre series in 2005. Another Mother's Son, a 2017 film about Louisa Gould, hiding a Russian war prisoner, starring Jenny Seagrove as Louisa Gould and Ronan Keating as Harold Le Druillenec. The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society (2018) film of the novel set in 1946, composed of letters written from one character to another. Plays A stage play, Dame of Sark, by William Douglas-Home, is set in Sark during the German occupation, and is based on the Dame's diaries of this period. It was televised by Anglia Television in 1976, and starred Celia Johnson. It was directed by Alvin Rakoff and adapted for the small screen by David Butler. Another stage play, Lotty's War by Giuliano Crispini, is set in the islands during the occupation, with the story based on "unpublished diaries". Novels The following novels have been set in the German-occupied islands: Tickell, Jerrard (1951), Appointment with Venus, London: Hodder & Stoughton, set on the fictitious island of Armorel, based on Alderney Higgins, Jack (1970), A Game for Heroes, New York: Berkley, Robinson, Derek (1977), Kramer's War, London: Hamilton, Trease, Geoffrey (1987), Tomorrow Is a Stranger (London: Mammoth, ) set during the occupation of Guernsey. Edwards, G. B. (1981), The Book of Ebenezer Le Page (London: Hamish Hamilton, ) includes the occupation of Guernsey. Parkin, Lance (1996), Just War, New Doctor Who adventures series, Doctor Who Books, Binding, Tim (1999), Island Madness, London: Picador, Link, Charlotte (2000), Die Rosenzüchterin [The Rose Breeder], condensed ed., Köln: BMG-Wort, Walters, Guy (2005), The Occupation, London: Headline, Shaffer, Mary Ann and Barrows, Annie (2008), The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, New York: The Dial Press, Cone, Libby (2009), War on the Margins, London: Duckworth, Andrews, Dina (2011), Tears in the Sand, Trafford, Horlock, Mary (2011), The Book of Lies, Canongate, Lea, Caroline (2016), When The Sky Fell Apart, Text Publishing Company, Hanley, John F (2012), Against The Tide, Matador, Hanley, John F (2013), The Last Boat, Matador, Hanley, John F (2015), Diamonds For The Wolf, Amazon, Journal Bachmann, K M (1972), The Prey of an Eagle, Guernsey: Burbridge. A personal record of family life during the German Occupation of Guernsey, 1940–1945. See also Aviation accidents and incidents in the Channel Islands in the 1940s German Fortifications in Jersey Fort Hommet 10.5 cm Coastal Defence Gun Casement Bunker Henri Gonay, Belgian airman killed in Jersey, 1944 Military history of France during World War II Neuengamme concentration camp subcamp list Sark during the German occupation of the Channel Islands Walker Collection: A collection of philatelic material in the British Library relating to the occupation. References Citations Bibliography Bell, William M. (2002), Guernsey Occupied But Never Conquered, The Studio Publishing Services, Bunting, Madeleine (1995), The Model Occupation: The Channel Islands under German Rule, 1940–1945, London: Harper Collins, Carr, Gillian; Sanders, Paul; Willmot, Louise (2014). Protest, Defiance and Resistance in the Channel Islands: German Occupation, 1940–45. London: Bloomsbury. Cruickshank, Charles G. (1975), The German Occupation of the Channel Islands, The Guernsey Press, Dunford-Slater, John (1953). Commando: Memoirs of a Fighting Commando in World War Two. Reprinted 2002 by Greenhill Books. Edwards, G. B. (1981), "The Book of Ebenezer le Page" (New York Review of Books Classics; 2006). Evans, Alice Alice, (2009), Guernsey Under Occupation: The Second World War Diaries of Violet Carey, The History Press, Hamlin, John F. "No 'Safe Haven': Military Aviation in the Channel Islands 1939–1945" Air Enthusiast, No. 83, September/October 1999, pp. 6–15 Hayes, John Crossley, teacher in charge of Vauvert school (1940–1945) and composer of Suite Guernesiaise, premiered in Guernsey October 2009. Documents of life in war time Guernsey at https://web.archive.org/web/20111120142147/http://www.johncrossleyhayes.co.uk/. Lewis, John (1983), A Doctor's Occupation, New English Library Ltd; New edition (July 1, 1983), Maughan, Reginald C. F. (1980), Jersey under the Jackboot, London: New English Library, Money, June, (2011) Aspects of War, Channel Island Publishing, Nettles, John (2012), Jewels & Jackboots, Channel Island Publishing & Jersey War Tunnels, Pether, John (1998), The Post Office at War and Fenny Stratford Repeater Station, Bletchley Park Trust Reports, 12, Bletchley Park Trust Read, Brian A. (1995), No Cause for Panic: Channel Islands Refugees 1940–45, St Helier: Seaflower Books, Sanders, Paul (2005), "The British Channel Islands under German Occupation 1940–1945", Jersey Heritage Trust / Société Jersiaise, Shaffer, Mary Ann, and Barrows, Annie (2008), The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, Tabb, Peter A Peculiar Occupation, Ian Allan Publishing, Winterflood, Herbert (2002), Occupied Guernsey: July 1940–December 1942, Guernsey Press, Winterflood, Herbert (2005), Occupied Guernsey 1943–1945, MSP Channel Islands, External links Channel Islands Occupation Society (Guernsey branch) Channel Islands Occupation Society (Jersey branch) Occupation at Visit Guernsey Jersey in Jail - Drawings by Edmund Blampied Jersey's Occupation Story at Visit Jersey Short documentary video The Frank Falla archive Jersey Communist Norman Le Brocq talking in 1992 about wartime resistance activity on the island 20th century in Guernsey 20th century in Jersey Amphibious operations of World War II Channel Islands German occupation of Jersey during World War II Invasions of Jersey C Politics of World War II Channel Islands Channel Islands
The Seilbahn Zugspitze is an aerial tramway running from the Eibsee Lake to the top of Zugspitze in Bavaria, Germany. It holds the world record for the longest freespan in a cable car at as well as the tallest lattice steel aerial tramway support tower in the world at . Construction of the system began in 2015 and it opened on 22 December 2017. This cable car replaced the original Eibsee Cable Car which closed on 2 April 2017 leaving no service for eight and a half months (access to Zugspitze was still possible via the rack railway and the Gletscherbahn Cable Car). History The original Eibsee Cable Car, which opened in 1963, was a cable car which connected the lower station ( above sea level) near lake Eibsee with the top station at above sea level next to the summit of Zugspitze, Germany's highest mountain on the border to Austria. The cable car from Lake Eibsee was built to provide a faster access to the Zugspitze from its German side, as the rack railway from Garmisch-Partenkirchen does not go directly to the summit and takes much longer. Both the original Eibsee Cable Car and its replacement Seilbahn Zugspitze belong to Bayerische Zugspitzbahn Bergbahn AG, the company operating the rack railway and most cable cars, gondola lifts and chairlifts in the Garmisch-Partenkirchen area. It is thus possible to make round trips using both the rack railway and the cable car. On the Austrian side, there is the Tyrolean Zugspitze Cable Car which starts at Ehrwald and meets the Seilbahn Zugspitze at the top. Technical The technical details of the Eibsee Cable Car and the replacement Seilbahn Zugspitze are summarised in the following table. Incidents On 12 September 2018, during an emergency training exercise, the chain of the chain hoist used to lower the rescue vehicle onto the running ropes broke dropping the vehicle onto the ropes before the hoisting rope could be attached. Consequently, the rescue vehicle ran down the ropes unrestrained into the passenger gondola that was approximately below the mountain station. As both the rescue vehicle and the gondola were empty during the exercise, nobody was hurt. The gondola was damaged beyond repair (there is no information on the fate of the rescue vehicle, but there is no indication that a replacement is required). The tramway remained closed until a replacement gondola was available. It reopened on 21 December 2018. It is not possible to operate the system with one gondola as each gondola counter-balances the other. Installing a temporary counter-weight would necessitate recertification of the system. This was a previously unknown failure scenario and has required other similar aerial tramway systems to review their safety assessments. In particular: to devise a method by which the rescue vehicle is restrained while being lowered onto the running ropes rather than afterwards. See also Bavarian Zugspitze Railway References External links Description and pictures on Seilbahngeschichte.de (German) Cable cars in Germany 1963 establishments in Germany
Siobhán Hoey (born 17 July 1970) is an Irish sportswoman from Portarlington, County Laois. She has competed in both track and field and bobsleigh. Athletics career Hoey's junior athletics career saw her focus on sprinting and long jumping. As a senior athlete she was national junior long jump champion and record holder both indoor and outdoor. From 1993 to 2000, she was national champion in the triple jump, and also national indoor champion (1993, 1996–1999). Hoey was national long jump champion in 1989. She was the first Irish record holder for the women's triple jump. In inter-varsity competition competing for University College Dublin (UCD), she won golds in the long jump, triple jump, high jump and the two sprint relays. In 1992–1993 Hoey captained the UCD women's squad both in Ireland and at events in Belgium and America. She was also selected captain of the Irish women's Europa Cup team. Bobsleigh career In 1999, Hoey and sister, Aoife, were selected for Ireland's first women's bobsleigh team however as she was under-age, Aoife couldn't compete. Hoey became the first Irish woman to drive a bobsleigh at bob school in Lillehammer, Norway. As brake athlete, she competed in European Cup events with sled pilot Audrey Garland (winner of the famed British Gladiator competition) in Lillehammer and Igls, Austria (2000). Sheesley Fitzgerald were the first Irish women to compete at the FIBT World Championships, doing so at Calgary, Canada in 2001. She, Lesley and Aoife competed in European Cup and World Cup events in their bid to qualify for the Salt Lake City Games in 2002. In 2001–2002 she took a year off from being a teacher in Dublin while Aoife took a study break. The sisters received partial funding from the Olympic Council of Ireland but no commercial sponsorship. Following the Games in 2002, the Hoey sisters teamed up; Aoife in the driving seat and Siobhain as brake athlete. Together the sisters contested European Cup and World Cup events, and the European and World Championships. The sisters placed 13th in the FIBT World Championships in Koenigssee, Germany and placed among the medals in European start championships. Their bid for qualification for the 2006 games got off to a disastrous start when Siobhán was badly injured in a freak accident in the ice house at Calgary, Canada. Mid-training, her heel was hit by the sled runner and cut right through to the Achilles tendon. She had to compete in both the Calgary and Lake Placid events with her foot stitched. The remaining events of the World Cup circuit went well, however the team missed qualification for the 2006 Winter Olympics. Following the last qualification event in Koenigssee, Germany in January 2006, Hoey retired from the sport. As an officer of the IBSA she has worked with young athletes. Recruiting David Connolly who qualified in the skeleton event for the Torino Games 2006 and Patrick Shannon who qualified in Skeleton for the Vancouver Games 2010. Recruiting and coaching Jennifer Corcoran, who medalled with Aoife Hoey in the bobsleigh World Junior Championships, and Claire Bergin who partnered Aoife for the Vancouver Games 2010. In acknowledgement of her contribution to Irish winter sport, Siobhán was appointed chef de mission for the Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver, Canada 2010 (Siobhán was the first Irish woman to be given this role at either a Winter or Summer Games). References External links Athlete profile at IAAF Athletics 1970 births Living people Irish female bobsledders Irish female triple jumpers Irish female long jumpers Athletes from County Laois People from Portarlington, County Laois
Ganesh Mylvaganam (born 1 August 1966) is a former Sri Lankan-born cricketer who played for the United Arab Emirates national cricket team. He played three One Day Internationals for United Arab Emirates, all in 1996 World Cup. He scored 36 runs at an average of 12.00. Before the world cup, in mid 1990s he was a batting member of UAE squad in associate and affiliate tournaments. He is now settled in Australia. External links 1966 births Living people Emirati cricketers United Arab Emirates One Day International cricketers Cricketers from Colombo Sri Lankan emigrants to the United Arab Emirates Sri Lankan expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Sithole is a surname of Zulu origin, and may refer to: Lucas Sithole (1931–1994), South African sculptor Lucas Sithole (tennis) (born 1986), South African Professional Wheelchair Tennis Player Edson Sithole (1935–1975), Rhodesian lawyer Majozi Sithole, Swazi politician Moses Sithole (born 1964), South African serial killer Robert Sithole (1945–2006), South African musician Ndabaningi Sithole (1920–2000), Zimbabwean politician Petros Sithole, South African politician Xoliswa Sithole (born 1967), South African filmmaker Surnames of Zimbabwean origin Zulu-language surnames
Barrack Street is one of two major cross-streets in the central business district of Perth, Western Australia. Together with St Georges Terrace, Wellington Street and William Street it defines the boundary of the main shopping precinct of the central city. Route description Barrack Street commences at Barrack Street Jetty, and the adjacent Barrack Square. Moving in an uphill direction away from the Swan River, it passes alongside the Supreme Court Gardens and the Stirling Gardens. Crossing St Georges Terrace, Barrack Street then passes alongside the heritage-listed Treasury Buildings and the Perth Town Hall. The town hall location was regularly utilised for special occasions, including the royal visit in 1901, and the centenary of Western Australia celebrations in 1929. Commercial buildings on the opposite side of the street give way to small retail businesses on both sides between Hay Street and Wellington Street. The street terminates at Wellington Street, continuing as Beaufort Street on and over the Barrack Street Bridge, which crosses the Midland and Armadale railway lines. The Barrack Street Bridge was constructed in 1894. History Barrack Street existed as a named road as early as 1833. It was named for the military barracks that existed along the alignment, at the corner of St Georges Terrace, in 1829. Construction of the barracks began on 13 August 1829, the day after Governor Stirling declared the foundation of the town of Perth. Soon afterwards, the soldiers' quarters were established, along an alignment that formed the street. The section between Murray Street and Wellington Street saw a minor urban renewal with Barrack Plaza officially opening on 12 July 2006. Traffic direction Barrack Street began as a two-way street. In 2010, the section between Riverside Drive and The Esplanade returned to two-way traffic. Further conversion occurred in 2011; the section between The Esplanade and St Georges Terrace was changed back to two-way traffic, and on 29 November 2015 the section between St Georges Terrace and Wellington Street was converted. Cathedral Square With the evolution of the properties in the CBD block defined by Barrack Street, Hay Street, Pier Street and St Georges Terrace, Barrack Street has become the western boundary of the Cathedral Square precinct. The renovation and revitalisation of the Perth Town Hall, and Treasury buildings has made the Barrack Street side a pedestrian entry point into the Square. Major intersections Barrack Street intersects all the major east-west routes in the Perth CBD, with all intersections being signalised except for Geoffrey Bolton Avenue. Prior to two-way conversion in 2015, it was the northbound route of State Route 53 through the CBD with William Street, one block over to the west, carrying the route southbound. Since conversion and development of Elizabeth Quay, however, Barrack Street now carries both directions of State Route 53 north of The Esplanade before switching to State Route 5 south of The Esplanade. See also Elizabeth Quay Notes Streets in Perth central business district, Western Australia
Cocio is a chocolate milk drink produced in Esbjerg, Denmark. It is moderately popular in the rest of Scandinavia and, to a lesser extent in some US regions, namely New England. It is also available in the Philippines, Spain, the UK, the Netherlands and Poland. The new factory in Esbjerg was first used in 2002. The factory is 8,000 square meters, and contains Production and Administration. History Cocio was founded by Anker Pallesen in 1951. He and his wife began researching recipes in their own kitchen. In the beginning, the new factory produced 1,000 bottles a day. In 1976, he sold the company to The Borden Food Corporation in United States, but production continued in Esbjerg. In the mid-1980s, Cocio released a new 1 litre bottle, and the drink gained popularity in Denmark. In 1988, Cocio had the first commercial in Danish television. In 1989, the Cocio company bought its rival company, Congo, which had a 25 percent market share at the time. Following the take-over, Cocio was alone in the Danish chocolate milk market. In 1998, Jamin Potamkin entered the product for a pilot program with the FDA to import the foreign milk on a trial basis (something that Denmark had been trying to do for over thirty years). This was the first time that a foreign milk was allowed to enter the United States and allowed to be distributed in all fifty states in a consumable form directly from the containment vessel. Though Arla Foods (then a wholly Danish company under the business name of MD Foods) also asked Jamin Potamkin to get other dairy products (in particular their yoghurt) into the United States and had their head of US operations ask for assistance, it was refused by Jamin Potamkin and the United States Federal Government. No other Danish liquid dairy products are allowed to enter the US territory, except for the maximum allowed under the Federal Import Milk Act (FIMA), which allows for liquid milk to enter as a percentage in a combined product, i.e. baby formula with 10% or less foreign milk. In 1999, the companies E. Bank Lauridsen Holding A/S and IAT Corporation decided to buy Cocio, to bring the Danish spirit to the company again. Then in 2002 Arla Foods became joint owner, buying a 50 percent share in the company. As of 1 January 2008, Arla Foods is the sole owner of Cocio A/S. Cocio A/S ceased cooperation with Jamin Potamkin (A/S Imports, Inc.) and the United States in 2003. And it was also once imported into the United States by CKF Foods Inc., but is no longer available to consumers in the USA. Production The production equipment is able to produce around 58,000 bottles per hour and is capable of packaging milk-based, juice, and iced-tea drinks in glass and tins. Marketing Famously, Cocio have used Eva Mendes as a front figure in their commercials. References External links Arla Foods Food brands of Denmark Drink brands Chocolate drinks Danish companies established in 1951 Borden (company)
Yishtabach () (Hebrew: "[ God ] be praised") is a prayer in the final portion of the Pesukei Dezimra morning prayers of Judaism known as shacharit, recited before the second kaddish leading to the Shema prayers. The theme of the number "fifteen" plays a pivotal role in the blessing; there are fifteen expressions conveying praise in the beginning half of the paragraph and fifteen words in the concluding blessing (after "Blessed are You, God..."). The number fifteen is an allusion both to the Divine Name יה (whose gematria is fifteen) and to the fifteen Songs of Ascents composed by King David (Psalms 120–34). There are two themes of Yishtabach: God's power and might are deserving of our praise and adoration, and that one must continually praise God. Since Baruch Sheamar and Yishtabach are both blessings, this gives the sense that Pesukei Dezimra is one single prayer. Yishtabach is not recited unless Baruch Sheamar is recited, because Baruch Sheamar is the opening blessing, and Yishtabach is the closing blessing. Yishtabach is normally recited while standing. This is because Baruch Sheamar is recited while standing, and since Baruch Sheamar is the opening of Pesukei Dezimra and Yishtabach is the conclusion, they are both recited in the same manner. However, on Shabbat, some congregations have a custom to sit. The author of Yishtabach is not known to this day. But with words 2–5 in the prayer spelling שׁלמה (Shlomo), this alludes to a reference to King Solomon. Text of Yishtabach References Pesukei dezimra Hebrew words and phrases in Jewish prayers and blessings Siddurim of Orthodox Judaism
Restaurant Empire () is a 2003 business simulation video game created by Trevor Chan. Developed and published by Enlight Software for Microsoft Windows, the player owns, designs, and operates a restaurant. Gameplay The player assumes the role of Armand LeBoeuf, a young chef who has recently taken over his uncle's restaurant. As the new owner, the player makes decisions on the kind of cuisine the restaurant serves (American, French, or Italian), what specific dishes go on the menu, and the staffing from the chef on down to the waiters, among other things. The ultimate goal of the game is to keep guests happy and make money at the same time. The main gameplay mode features some story details and periodic minigames to flesh out the simulation. There is also a sandbox mode, which is basically freeform. Sandbox play removes many of the limitations the player faces in the main story mode, but there are no challenges either. Plot In the game, a global culinary conglomerate, Omnifood, controls over 60% of the world's restaurants and is rapidly growing. The player must compete against Omnifood. The player takes the role of Armand LeBeouf, a recent graduate from a French culinary school given the opportunity by his uncle to run his own restaurant. Later, the player is given the opportunity to attract investment capital and open more restaurants. Reception The game received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. It was criticized for its poor soundtrack, blurry textures, and blocky character models, but praised for overall good gameplay. Sequel Enlight produced a sequel, Restaurant Empire II. Game publisher Paradox Interactive signed an agreement with Enlight to bring the game to stores in North America. The game's release was delayed over six times; it was finally released on May 26, 2009. The new game has several new features, including the addition of German cuisine, as well as the city of Munich as a location for the player to expand his restaurant chain. References External links 2003 video games Fictional chefs Fictional French people Restaurants in fiction Windows games Windows-only games Business simulation games Video games about food and drink Video games developed in China Single-player video games Enlight Software games
Grodås is a village in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The village is located along the river Horndøla on the eastern end of the lake Hornindalsvatnet, about southwest of the mountain Hornindalsrokken. The village sits at the eastern end of the Kviven Tunnel, part of the new route for the European route E39 highway. The village has a population (2018) of 484 and a population density of . The village area is a tourist destination, with the natural environment, mountains and lake acting as a tourist attraction. It is also home to the Anders Svor Museum. Hornindal Church is located in the village. The industries located in the Grodås area include wood and furniture making as well as vacation home construction. The village was the administrative centre of Hornindal Municipality until 2020. References Villages in Møre og Romsdal Volda
Albert Frederick (; ; 7 May 1553 – 27 August 1618) was the Duke of Prussia, from 1568 until his death. He was a son of Albert of Prussia and Anna Marie of Brunswick-Lüneburg. He was the second and last Prussian duke of the Ansbach branch of the Hohenzollern family. Duke of Prussia Albert became Duke of Prussia after paying feudal homage to his cousin, the King of Poland, Zygmunt August, on 19 July 1569 in Lublin. The homage was described by the Polish chronicler Jan Kochanowski in his work Proporzec ("Standard"). During the 1573 Polish election, Albert Frederick attempted to gain acceptance to the Polish senate but was opposed by the powerful Jan Zamoyski (later Grand Hetman of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland) who feared the influence of Protestants in the Polish legislative body. Albert Frederick initially refused to recognize the election of Stefan Bathory and supported the candidacy of Maximilian of Habsburg. However, at the Toruń sejm of October 1576 he gave his support to the new monarch. As the great grandson of the Polish king Casimir IV Jagiellon, and as a Duke in Prussia who was fluent in Polish, Albert Frederick was seriously considered for a time as a possible candidate for the Polish throne. He particularly enjoyed the support of Polish Lutherans. In 1572 he began to exhibit signs of mental disorder. In early 1578, the regency was taken over by his cousin, George Frederick of Brandenburg-Kulmbach (1539–1603). After George Frederick's death in 1603, the Polish king Sigismund III Vasa appointed Joachim Frederick as regent in 1605, and permitted his son, John Sigismund, to succeed him in 1611. The latter became Duke of Prussia after Albert Frederick's death in 1618. Marriage Albert Frederick was married in 1573 to Marie Eleonore of Cleves, a daughter of Wilhelm, Duke of Jülich-Cleves-Berg and Archduchess Maria of Austria (1531–1581). Maria was a daughter of Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor and Anna of Bohemia and Hungary. Issue Albert Frederick and Marie were parents to seven children: Anna of Prussia (3 July 1576 – 30 August 1625). Married John Sigismund, Elector of Brandenburg. Marie of Prussia (23 January 1579 – 21 February 1649). Married Christian, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth. Frederick Henry of Hohenzollern (4 October 1579 – 14 October 1672) Albert Frederick of Prussia (1 June 1580 – 8 October 1580). Sophie of Prussia (31 March 1582 – 4 December 1610). Married Wilhelm Kettler of Courland. Eleanor of Prussia (21 August 1583 – 9 April 1607). Married Joachim Frederick, Elector of Brandenburg. Wilhelm Frederick of Prussia (23 June 1585 – 18 January 1586). Magdalene Sibylle of Prussia (31 December 1586 – 22 February 1659). Married John George I, Elector of Saxony. At his death, the duchy passed to his son-in-law John Sigismund, Margrave of Brandenburg, combining the two territories under a single dynasty and forming Brandenburg-Prussia. Ancestors References External links Albert Frederick profile in the Neue Deutsche Biographie. Albert Frederick profile in the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie. 1553 births 1618 deaths 16th-century dukes of Prussia 17th-century dukes of Prussia House of Hohenzollern People from the Duchy of Prussia Nobility from Königsberg Protestant monarchs Duchy of Prussia
Evil Twin: Cyprien's Chronicles is a platform game developed by Ubi Soft and In Utero for the Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, and Windows. Gameplay The player takes control of a young orphan named Cyprien, who ventures through a nightmarish world and can transform into a superhero version of himself named Supercyp during his journey to Loren Darith to free his teddy bear, Lenny. Story The story begins with Cyprien standing by a running sink in the restroom of his orphanage home and staring into the restroom mirror when his buddy Dave enters, asks him if he's okay, and invites him to come out into the main room so that the two of them could join in celebrating Cyprien's birthday. When they arrive, Cyprien's other friends, Vince, Joey, and Steve are waiting for him. He enters the room, completely apathetic and depressed. Steve explains that Cyprien's parents had died on his birthday and Cyprien leaves the room. He is greeted by Lenny, his teddy bear and imaginary friend. Cyprien, already irritated with the flood of questions from his friends, becomes hysterical and tells Lenny that he is only a toy, and condemns Lenny's world (Undabed) to oblivion. Cyprien begins to laugh and the room darkens, Lenny disappears and Cyprien's friends are being grabbed by dark shadowy tentacles. After the havok subsides, Cyprien awakens from his unconscious state and cannot find Lenny. He is then teleported to Undabed, and is greeted by Wilbur, a friend of Lenny's. Wilbur then explains that a great wave swept everything away and a massive tower (Loren Darith) appeared, and in that tower lived a hideous creature named the "Master". The Master manipulated the people of Undabed by erasing all traces of the past and entrusted a key to the people of Demi Island, called "The Great Zippete". Lenny went to Demi Island to obtain that very key, and was nearly able to get it. However, the Master's troops arrested Lenny before he could get his hands on it. The Master took control of Demi Island by convincing the Demi people (whose bodies are split in two) that their bodies were once whole, and took away the Zippete and lied that it was vestige of when the Demi's where whole. The Master then divided the Zippete into four pieces, each scattered on 4 different worlds. It is then up to Cyprien to acquire the 4 parts of the Great Zippete, and free Lenny. Development The game was originally intended to be released in late 1999 under the title of "Evil Twin" but was later delayed due to financial reasons. A gameplay video of the game was available on the Sega Dreamcast "Dreamon Collection 4" demo disc. Release Evil Twin: Cyprien's Chronicles was released in Europe only and was one of the last PAL Dreamcast released games with a version distributed by BigBen Interactive. The game was exclusive to Game Stores Group and was also released for PlayStation 2 in the December of 2001. Soundtrack The soundtrack didn't become available until 2010 when it was released under Bertrand Eluerd's Bandcamp account, compiled into three volumes. The first two volumes feature the in-game music with the third volume being a collection of leftovers, demos, and a couple of tracks from the aborted Evil Twin II project. Reception Evil Twin: Cyprien's Chronicles received mixed reviews from various review sites. The game was praised for its level design, art direction and music by composer Bertrand Eluerd but also criticized for its poor controls and awkward camera. The Sega Dreamcast saw only a release in the PAL territory (Europe, Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand). Reviews Futuregamez.net PC Action (Germany) GameSpot (Belgium/Netherlands) Jeuxvideo.com Jeuxvideo.com TotalVideoGames Jeuxvideo.com 4Players.de 4Players.de Gamezone (Germany) Gamezone (Germany) Game Informer Magazine Gamesmania.de JeuxVideoPC.com allaboutgames.co.uk Eurogamer.net References External links Gamespot review and information IGN information 2001 video games 3D platform games Dreamcast games Europe-exclusive video games PlayStation 2 games Ubisoft games Video games developed in France Windows games Single-player video games
Marble Church may refer to: Frederik's Church, Copenhagen, Denmark Marble Church, Bodelwyddan, Wales See also Marble Collegiate Church, New York Marble Community Church, Colorado
"Houses of the Holy" is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their 1975 sixth album Physical Graffiti. The name of the song was used as the title of the band's fifth album, although it was not included on that album; they decided the song did not fit well with the other album material, so it was moved to the subsequent release. Composition and recording In order to create the layered guitar introduction and fade-out, Page used a Delta T digital delay unit. The squeak of John Bonham's drum pedal can be heard throughout the song. Record producer Rick Rubin has remarked, "This is a funk jam with really interesting, jazzy chords. It's one of their more compact feeling songs. And it's the only Zep song to use what sounds like a cowbell." Live performances The song was never played live by Led Zeppelin, though Robert Plant performed it with the Band of Joy during his 2010 solo tour. Additionally, Jimmy Page and the Black Crowes tested out the song in rehearsals for their 2000 tour, but dropped it before touring began. Reception In a contemporary review of Physical Graffiti, Jim Miller of Rolling Stone gave "Houses of the Holy" a positive review, saying "Plant's lyrics mesh perfectly with Page's stuttering licks." Miller continues "Here again, the details are half the fun: Bonham kicks the cut along with a cowbell while the two final verses add what sounds like a squeaky chorus of "doit"s behind the vocal; Plant meanwhile is almost inaudibly overdubbed on the song's central chorus, underlining the phrase "let the music be your master."" See also List of cover versions of Led Zeppelin songs"Houses of the Holy" entries References 1975 songs Led Zeppelin songs Songs written by Jimmy Page Songs written by Robert Plant Song recordings produced by Jimmy Page Swan Song Records singles
The Centenary Medal is an award which was created by the Australian Government in 2001. It was established to commemorate the centenary of the Federation of Australia and to recognise "people who made a contribution to Australian society or government". It was also awarded to centenarians, Australian citizens born on or before 31 December 1901 who lived to celebrate the centenary of federation on 1 January 2001. Nominations were assessed by a panel chaired by historian Geoffrey Blainey. Medal Design The obverse of the medal features a seven-pointed Commonwealth Star representing the six Australian states, with the seventh point representing Australia's territories. At the centre of the star is an Indigenous styling of Aboriginal traditions at the heart of the continent. Around the rim are 100 dots depicting 100 years of federation. The reverse features a seven pointed star, with the words "For Contribution Made to Australian Society" around the rim. Bar and ribbon The colours in the ribbon are crimson, which represents federation, and blue and gold for the beginning of the 21st century. The seven gold and red lines signify the states' pathways to federation. The bar and ribbon are the same so that a recipient can be identified as such. References Civil awards and decorations of Australia Awards established in 2001 2001 establishments in Australia Centenary of Federation of Australia
Rope of Sand is a 1949 American adventure-suspense film noir directed by William Dieterle, produced by Hal Wallis, and starring Burt Lancaster and three stars from Wallis's Casablanca – Paul Henreid, Claude Rains and Peter Lorre. The film introduces Corinne Calvet and features Sam Jaffe, John Bromfield, and Kenny Washington in supporting roles. The picture is set in South West Africa. Desert portions of the film were shot in Yuma, Arizona. Plot Hunting guide Mike Davis (Burt Lancaster) came across a cache of diamonds in a mining area, located in a remote region of South West Africa. He was caught by the mine's police, but refused to reveal the diamonds' location, even under torture at the hand of the diamond company's security chief, Vogel (Paul Henreid). He left South Africa for some time. Davis returns to get the diamonds, which he still expects will be at the spot where he found them. The mining company's owner, Martingale (Claude Rains), tries to find out where the diamonds can be found by guile rather than force. He hires a beautiful prostitute, Suzanne Renaud (Corinne Calvet), to seduce Davis, and get him to reveal the secret location. Davis plans an illegal entry into the diamond mining area, to retrieve the diamonds, and plans to escape to Portuguese Angola. Meanwhile, Vogel is attracted to Suzanne, and offers to marry her; but Suzanne is attracted to Davis, who is more interested in his diamonds than Suzanne. Davis finds the diamonds; but Martingale threatens to kill Suzanne, unless Davis gives him the diamonds. Davis gives up the diamonds, and ends up leaving the country with Suzanne, discovering that he loves her more than the diamonds. Cast Burt Lancaster as Mike Davis Paul Henreid as Vogel Claude Rains as Martingale Corinne Calvet as Suzanne Peter Lorre as Toady Sam Jaffe as Dr. Hunter John Bromfield as Thompson, a guard Mike Mazurki as Pierson, a guard Kenny Washington as John Edmund Breon as Chairman Hayden Rorke as Ingram David Thursby as Henry, the bartender Josef Marais as Specialty Singer Miranda Marais as Specialty Singer Background According to the Paramount Collection at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) library, the desert sequences were shot in Yuma, Arizona. Paul Henreid was blacklisted from major studios at the time, but says he was cast because Dieterle was an old friend of his, and Hal Wallis was supportive of the actor being cast. Henreid said the role was a departure for him, but "it had the greatest lines in the script, and I had a lot of fun doing it." Reception Critical response Film critic Glenn Erickson reflected on the background of the film, and how it was received when first released: "A polished production on all technical levels, the gritty Rope of Sand was filmed from a screenplay purchased by producer Wallis specifically for Burt Lancaster in 1947. Although William Dieterle's direction is capable, the script works too hard to introduce an overly familiar collection of stock thriller types ... Critics generally liked Lancaster's performance, even if they slighted the work of Claude Rains and Peter Lorre, and saved the bulk of their praise for Paul Henried's nasty villain. Lancaster's own assessment of the film was unprintable, but he was quoted at a time when he was itching to move on to more interesting roles. Accolades Nominated Golden Globes: Best Screenplay, Walter Doniger, 1950. References External links Rope of Sand information site and DVD review at DVD Beaver (includes images) Streaming audio Rope of Sand on Screen Directors Playhouse: April 28, 1950 1948 films 1940s adventure films American adventure films American black-and-white films 1940s English-language films Film noir Films scored by Franz Waxman Films directed by William Dieterle Films produced by Hal B. Wallis Films set in South Africa Paramount Pictures films 1940s American films
County Route 543 (CR 543) is a county highway in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The highway extends from Federal Street (CR 537) in Camden to Wrightstown-Georgetown Road (CR 545) in Mansfield Township. Route description CR 543 begins at an intersection with CR 537 in Camden, Camden County, heading northeast on two-lane undivided River Road through urban industrial areas. The road crosses a set of railroad tracks used by NJ Transit's River Line and Conrail Shared Assets Operations. The route crosses CR 601 and heads into urban residential areas with a few businesses, where it encounters CR 609. Upon crossing CR 611, CR 543 enters Pennsauken Township and turns east through industry, passing over the River Line near the 36th Street Station. From here, the road turns northeast again and passes through suburban areas of homes, intersecting CR 612 Spur and CR 612. After the CR 616 junction, the route heads into industrial areas and intersects CR 760 before passing under NJ Transit's Atlantic City Line. CR 543 crosses CR 614 and passes homes as it crosses under the Betsy Ross Bridge, which carries Route 90, and comes to the CR 615 junction. After crossing a railroad line, the route runs past more industrial establishments, passing the entrance to the Pennsauken – Route 73 River Line station. Upon crossing the Pennsauken Creek, CR 543 enters Palmyra in Burlington County and immediately comes to an interchange with Route 73. The route intersects CR 601 and turns northwest onto Public Road, passing residential and industrial areas. CR 543 crosses the River Line and immediately turns northeast onto Broad Street. Broad Street continues southwest from here towards Route 73 and is signed as a portion of CR 543. The mainline of CR 543 passes homes, running immediately north of the railroad tracks. The road enters the commercial downtown of Palmyra and crosses CR 607 near the Palmyra Station of the River Line before reaching the CR 602 junction. The route gains a center left-turn lane and enters residential areas again and crosses into Riverton at the Elm Avenue intersection, coming to the CR 603 junction near the Riverton Station. After crossing the Pomeston Creek, CR 543 enters Cinnaminson Township and becomes Saint Mihiel Drive, running through residential and industrial areas, passing the Cinnaminson Station. The road passes more industry as a four-lane undivided road, continuing into Delran Township, where it passes a marina to the north. The route passes some homes and businesses before entering Riverside Township at the CR 604 intersection. In Riverside Township, the route passes more commercial developments, becoming Lafayette Avenue at the Fairview Street intersection, which narrows to two lanes. CR 543 turns north onto Pavilion Avenue near the Riverside Station and passes through residential and commercial areas. The route crosses the Rancocas Creek on the Riverside–Delanco Bridge, a truss bridge with a swing span, and continues into Delanco Township, where it is known as Burlington Avenue. CR 543 passes homes and turns to the northeast again, continuing through a mix of homes and businesses. The route intersects CR 624 and passes more development, crossing a railroad line. The road heads into Beverly and becomes Warren Street, passing through residential areas before coming to the commercial downtown and intersecting CR 626 and CR 630. Here, CR 543 turns east and passes more residences before leaving Beverly for Edgewater Park Township. The road runs through more wooded areas of homes prior to crossing under the River Line. Upon entering, Burlington Township, the route becomes Beverly Road and passes residential and commercial development before intersecting US 130. The route forms a concurrency with US 130 on a six-lane divided highway and heads northeast into Burlington. A bypass takes US 130 and CR 543 around the downtown area of Burlington. The road comes to an intersection with the eastern terminus of Route 413, which provides access to the Burlington–Bristol Bridge. Past this intersection, US 130/CR 543 turns east, with the median widening to include businesses. Along this portion of road, there is an intersection with the northern terminus of CR 541. The road narrows to four lanes as it crosses Assicunk Creek, where the median also narrows. The road turns northeast into a residential area, and CR 543 splits from US 130 by heading to the east on two-lane undivided Columbus Road. The route heads through residential neighborhoods and crosses back into Burlington Township. The road continues into Florence Township and enters a mix of farms, woods, and development, intersecting CR 660 and CR 693. CR 543 crosses over I-295 and enters Mansfield Township, where the route turns southeast at a junction with CR 656, a road that interchanges with I-295 a short distance to the northwest. CR 543 soon passes over the New Jersey Turnpike before crossing CR 628 and passing some housing developments and farm fields. The road comes to a partial interchange with US 206 and soon intersects CR 690 in the residential community of Columbus, which it passes through as Main Street. After Columbus, the road becomes Mount Pleasant Road and enters agricultural areas with some homes. CR 543 turns north onto Gaunt's Bridge Road and enters wooded areas with homes, turning northeast onto School House Road. The route crosses Route 68 before coming to its terminus at CR 545 a short distance later. History The road from Burlington to Beverly was once maintained by the Burlington and Beverly Turnpike, chartered in 1858. Major intersections See also References External links New Jersey 5xx Routes (Dan Moraseski) 543 543 543
Fido is a 2006 Canadian zombie comedy film directed by Andrew Currie and written by Robert Chomiak, Currie, and Dennis Heaton from an original story by Heaton. It was produced by Blake Corbet, Mary Anne Waterhouse, Trent Carlson and Kevin Eastwood of Anagram Pictures, and released in the United States by Lions Gate Entertainment. Plot The film takes place in a 1950s-esque alternate universe where radiation from space has turned the dead into zombies. This resulted in the "Zombie Wars", where humanity battled zombies to prevent a zombie apocalypse, with humanity the ultimate victor. The radiation still plagues humanity, as all those who die turn into the undead, unless the dead body is disposed of by decapitation or cremation. In order to continue living normal lives, communities are fenced with the help of a governing corporation named ZomCon. ZomCon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control the zombies' hunger for flesh so as to use them as menial task servants. In the town of Willard, housewife Helen Robinson (Carrie-Anne Moss) buys a zombie (Billy Connolly) in spite of her husband Bill's (Dylan Baker) zombie phobia, as Bill had to kill his own father who had become a zombie and tried to eat him. Their son, Timmy (K'Sun Ray), befriends the zombie, naming him "Fido" (little is revealed of his "pre-zombie" life, except that he likely died of myocardial infarction as evidenced by the chest incision). One day, Fido's collar malfunctions and he accidentally kills their next door neighbor, who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor later, but not before she kills and infects another person, causing a small zombie outbreak. ZomCon security forces quell the situation and then investigate what caused the outbreak. When a pair of local bullies get caught shooting a ZomCon officer, they are suspected of shooting the missing neighbor, but they point the blame on Fido who hurt them when they tried bullying Timmy. The bullies later capture Fido and Timmy, who are out on a walk in the country. Fido escapes and, in a parody of Lassie, is sent by Timmy to go home and find Helen. Helen comes and rescues Timmy from the bullies (who, through their own misadventure and Fido's hunger for human flesh, are now zombies), and they try to forget about the whole thing. Several days later, the neighbor's body is 'uncovered' and the murder is traced back to Fido, who is taken away to ZomCon where the family is told he will be destroyed. Timmy learns through Cindy Bottoms (Alexia Fast), daughter of Jonathan Bottoms (Henry Czerny), ZomCon's zealous security chief, that Fido has been put to work in a factory at ZomCon. Timmy sets out to rescue him with the help of Mr. Theopolis (Tim Blake Nelson), a previous ZomCon employee who was forced to leave when it was discovered he was suspected of fraternizing with his attractive female zombie. Meanwhile, Timmy locates Fido, but is captured by Mr. Bottoms, who attempts to throw Timmy into the zombie-infested "wild zone" that exists outside of the fenced communities as punishment for his becoming attached to a zombie. Bill comes to the rescue and is killed in a struggle with Mr. Bottoms, who in turn is killed by Fido. Timmy is set free and the news media states that the ZomCon security breach was the fault of rednecks who ventured out into the wild zone to hunt zombies for fun. Helen gives Bill the headless funeral he always wanted in order to prevent his zombification. The film ends with Fido as a surrogate father to Timmy, Helen, and Helen's newborn baby. They, along with a few neighbors, happily enjoy their new domestic lives together, including the zombified Jonathan Bottoms who is now under the control of his daughter. Cast Production Filming took place in Kelowna, British Columbia over 35 days. Director Andrew Currie wanted to make a cross-genre film, to avoid predictability. Currie was influenced by Lassie Come Home, The Night of the Hunter, Douglas Sirk films of the 1950s, Peyton Place, and George A. Romero's zombie films. The script was originally written in 1994, but creative differences kept it tied up. Eventually, Currie optioned it through his production company and completed the picture. The film was completely storyboarded prior to filming. Release Fido premiered at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival, where it was the Opening Canadian Gala film. It was also shown at the 2006 Vancouver International Film Festival, the 2007 Sundance Film Festival, the 2007 Kingston Canadian Film Festival, the 2007 Florida Film Festival, and the 2007 Gérardmer Fantasy Filmfest in France. It was theatrically released on March 9, 2007. Home media The DVD was released on October 23, 2007. Reception Box office The film grossed $304,533 in North America and a total of $426,224 worldwide. Domestic DVD sales were $2.95 million. Critical response Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 73% of 73 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review, for an average rating was 6.5/10; the consensus is, "Making the most of its thin premise, Fido is an occasionally touching satire that provides big laughs and enough blood and guts to please gorehounds." Metacritic rated it 70/100 based on 12 reviews. Allan Walton of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette gave it 5/5 stars, and called it "the best zombie spoof ever." Kirk Honeycutt of The Hollywood Reporter wrote, "For a one-joke movie, Fido does a fine job exploring every possible permutation of that joke." Dennis Harvey of Variety called it a "frisky yet strangely familiar" film that is amusing but does not fulfill all of its promise, and Manohla Dargis of The New York Times made it a NYT Critics' Pick, calling it a "ticklishly amusing satire" that sacrifices opportunities for satire for comedy. Geoff Pevere of the Toronto Star described the film as a "smartly entertaining if slightly oversweet fusion of Douglas Sirkian melodrama (and especially All That Heaven Allows), all-American fifties science fiction, George Romero chompdown and Homeland Security satire," that is "strangely wholesome, gently splattery and adorably gory." Robert Abele of the Los Angeles Times called it a "crafty" and "deliciously funny" film that shows "there's still a lot of life left in the zombie flick." Scott Weinberg of Fearnet called it "pretty funny, surprisingly smart, pleasant to look at, and often quite sick," while Joshua Siebalt of Dread Central rated the film 4.5/5 stars and described it as "a damn smart film" that "works on almost every level." Another genre website reviewer, Brad Miska of Bloody Disgusting, wrote that the film may be a difficult sell to hardcore horror fans, but they will enjoy the comedy, gore, and originality. Conversely, Joshua Rothkopf of Time Out New York rated the film 2/5 stars and called its satire tiresome and overdone. J. R. Jones of the Chicago Reader wrote that it is a "tired spoof" based on a throwaway gag from Shaun of the Dead, and Rob Nelson of The Village Voice called it an unfunny zombie parody that pales in comparison to 28 Weeks Later. References External links Canadian comedy horror films Canadian alternative history films English-language Canadian films 2006 comedy horror films Films set in the 1950s Films shot in British Columbia Kelowna Zombie comedy films Lionsgate films 2006 films Roadside Attractions films Films directed by Andrew Currie 2000s English-language films 2000s Canadian films Films about parallel universes
Mehmet Culum (born 1948) is a contemporary Turkish novelist who was born in Çeşme, a town in western Turkey. He studied political sciences at the University of Ankara. Before starting an antique shop in his hometown, Culum worked as an IT consultant for some time in İzmir. After retiring in 1998, he began to explore the history of Western Turkey and especially the Çeşme Peninsula. Work as an author His first book, Azab Aga, was published in April 2004. Culum wrote the factually accurate history of his family in this book, not changing the names of characters and events. The book's events took place in the first half of the 20th century. The compilation of the stories to which he listened while in the region of Alaçatı was the theme of his second book, Alaçatili, which was published in June 2006. The book's events center around a lawyer of Greek origin from New York City who seeks the roots of his family in Alaçatı, which was a Greek settlement for almost a century. Culum was inspired by the true stories of the Çeşme Peninsula when he authored his third novel Kalenin Gölgesinde Çeşme, which became available to readers in April 2009. Culum has published his fourth novel Yengec Disi in January 2018. References External links Mehmet Culum's homepage Turkish novelists Living people People from Çeşme 1948 births Ankara University alumni
Heptanol may refer to any of four isomeric chemical compounds: 1-Heptanol, an alcohol with a seven carbon chain and the structural formula of CH3(CH2)6OH 2-Heptanol, a secondary alcohol with the hydroxyl on the second carbon of the straight seven-carbon chain 3-Heptanol, an organic alcohol with the chemical formula C7H16O See also C7H16O Fatty alcohols Alkanols
Living Stage Theatre Company was a theatre for social change founded in 1966 by Robert A. Alexander (1929–2008). He served as the artistic director until 1995. Located in Washington, D.C., this professional improvisational theater offered participatory workshops to children, youth, teachers, parents, and community members. Living Stage’s main philosophy was based in the belief that every one is born an artist and the act of creation is the ultimate act of self-affirmation. The company's mission was to transform individuals and communities through creative empowerment. The projects that the Living Stage put on typically dealt with controversial and sensitive topics like race, economic inequality, the dangers of an overzealous American foreign policy, the atom bomb, violence, and freedom. The "Baltimore Incident" of 1971 is an excellent example of how controversial these productions could be. No matter how mixed opinions were, the Living Stage always elicited a reaction with their improvisational performances. During the 1980s the Living Stage began to reach out extensively to local initiatives like The District's Alcohol and Drug Abuse Services Administration and created their own Community Services Project in order to continue to bring theater and creativity to underserved sections of society. The Living Stage championed New Left ideals like equality and social justice throughout the Reagan years, despite some criticisms about their message being "anachronistic". The Living Stage dissolved after 36 years and was a venture of Arena Stage. Performance Style Performances at Living Stage Theatre were based on improvisation because of its spontaneity. Each performance was considered a work of art and the content arose from the issues and concerns of the participants/audience. A typical performance was broken into three basic sections. Since the artwork was improvisational, however, the structure of the performance could vary greatly. The Jam Before a performance, the actors created a musical "jam" or hook. They created a chorus using musical instruments and voices, based on themes inspired by the group that was attending the performance that day. The audience was asked to sing along, play musical instruments, dance, and create their own verses. The Performance After the jam, an improvised theater piece began, performed by the actors and involving poetry, music, movement and song. The theme of the scene was particular to that day's audience. The action of the scene was driven by input from the audience. Sometimes audience members played one or more of the roles in the ending. The Workshop Following the performance, the audience participated in a range of artistic activities including movement, creation of characters, scenes, theatre games and open play environments. Conflicts were introduced and the group was challenged to make choices about how to respond. The actors contributed by creating relationships and playing integral characters to enhance the participants' experience. Jennifer Nelson, a member of the company, is the co-founder of the Mosaic Theater Company of DC and served as its first resident director. Another member of the company, Susan Franklin Tanner, is the founder and artistic director of TheatreWorkers Project (TWP), where Tanner and collaborating artists created theatre with unemployed steelworkers from southeast Los Angeles. References External links A promotional video shows the company during the late 1970s, working with children, the elderly, teens, as well as, men and women in prison in the Washington, DC area. Another promotional video was made in the late 1990s. The documentary Walk With Me about three women who use theater for social justice features Rebecca Rice, one of the founding members of the company. Living Stage Records Theatre companies in Washington, D.C.
Dunaliella salina is a type of halophile unicellular green algae especially found in hypersaline environments, such as salt lakes and salt evaporation ponds. Known for its antioxidant activity because of its ability to create large amount of carotenoids, it is responsible for most of the primary production in hypersaline environments worldwide, and is also used in cosmetics and dietary supplements. History Dunaliella salina was named by Emanoil C. Teodoresco of Bucharest, Romania after its original discoverer, Michel Felix Dunal, who first scientifically reported sighting the organism in saltern evaporation ponds in Montpellier, France in 1838. He initially named the organism Haematococcus salinus and Protococcus. The organism was fully described as a new, separate genus simultaneously by Teodoresco and Clara Hamburger of Heidelberg, Germany in 1905. Teodoresco was the first to publish his work, so he is generally given credit for this categorization. Habitat Few organisms can survive like D. salina does in such highly saline conditions as salt evaporation ponds. To survive, these organisms have high concentrations of β-carotene to protect against the intense light, and high concentrations of glycerol to provide protection against osmotic pressure. This offers an opportunity for commercial biological production of these substances. It has been thought for a long time that the colour of pink lakes was the result of this alga, as it has been found in many pink lakes and contains substances in a range of hues which include pink. However, research done in Australia since 2015 in Lake Hillier found several species of halophilic bacteria and archaea as well as several species of Dunaliella, nearly all of which contain some pink, red or salmon-coloured pigment. Morphology and characteristics Species in the genus Dunaliella are morphogically similar to Chlamydomonas reinhardtii with the main exception being that Dunaliella lack both a cell wall and a contractile vacuole. Dunaliella has two flagella of equal length and has a single cup-like chloroplast that often contains a central pyrenoid. The chloroplast can hold large amounts of β-carotene, which makes it appear orange-red. The β-carotene appears to protect the organism from long-term UV radiation that D. salina is exposed to in its typical environments. D. salina comes in various shapes and symmetries depending on the conditions in its current environment. D. salina lacks a rigid cell wall, which makes the organism susceptible to osmotic pressure. Glycerol is used as a means by which to maintain both osmotic balance and enzymatic activity. D. salina preserves a high concentration of glycerol by maintaining a cell membrane with low permeability to glycerol and synthesizing large quantities of glycerol from starch as a response to high extracellular salt concentration, which is why it tends to thrive in highly salinic environments. Reproduction and life cycle D. salina can reproduce asexually through division of motile vegetative cells and sexually through the fusion of two equal gametes into a singular zygote. Though D. salina can survive in salinic environments, Martinez et al. determined that sexual activity of D. salina significantly decreases in higher salt concentrations (>10%) and is induced in lower salt concentrations. Sexual reproduction begins when two D. salina’s flagella touch leading to gamete fusion. The D. salina zygote is extraordinarily hardy and can survive exposure to fresh water and to dryness. After germination, the zygotes release up to 32 haploid daughter cells. Commercial uses D. salina is responsible for most of the primary production in hypersaline environments worldwide. β-carotene From a first pilot plant for D. salina cultivation for β-carotene production established in the USSR in 1966, the commercial cultivation of D. salina for the production of β-carotene throughout the world is now one of the success stories of halophile biotechnology. Different technologies are used, from low-tech extensive cultivation in lagoons to intensive cultivation at high cell densities under carefully controlled conditions. Anti-oxidant & nutritional supplement Due to the abundance of β-carotene, which is an anti-oxidant as well as a vitamin A precursor, D. salina is a popular pro-vitamin A food supplement and cosmetic additive. D. salina may also be a source of vitamin B12. Glycerol Attempts have been made to exploit the high concentrations of glycerol accumulated by D. salina as the basis for the commercial production of this compound. Although technically the production of glycerol from D. salina was shown to be possible, economic feasibility is low and no biotechnological operation exists to exploit the alga for glycerol production. See also Lake Hillier, Western Australia, Australia Lake Retba, Senegal Seaweed References Further reading Borowitzka, M.J. & Siva, C.J. (2007). The taxonomy of the genus Dunaliella (Chlorophyta, Dunaliellales) with emphasis on the marine and halophilic species. Journal of Applied Phycology 19: 567-590. Chen H., Lu Y. and Jiang J. “Comparative Analysis on the Key Enzymes of the Glycerol Cycle Metabolic Pathway in Dunaliella salina under Osmotic Stresses.” PLoS ONE, 2012, DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0037578 Massjuk, N.P. & Lilitska, G.G. (2011). Dunaliellales. In: Algae of Ukraine: diversity, nomenclature, taxonomy, ecology and geography. Volume 3: Chlorophyta. (Tsarenko, P.M., Wasser, S.P. & Nevo, E. Eds), pp. 152–157. Ruggell: A.R.A. Gantner Verlag K.-G.. Mixed Carotenoids. Rejuvenal healthy aging, n.d. Web. 22 Nov 2012. Smith D., Lee R., Cushman J., Magnuson J., Tran D. and Polle J.” The Dunaliella salina organelle genomes: large sequences, inflated with intronic and intergenic DNA.” BMA Plant Biology, 2010. DOI: 10.1186/1471-2229-10-83 Zhao, R., Cao, Y., Xu, H., Lv, L., Qiao, D. & Cao, Y. (2011). Analysis of expressed sequence tags from the green alga Dunaliella salina (Chlorophyta). Journal of Phycology 47(6): 1454-1460. External links MicrobeWiki reference on Dunaliella salina Chlamydomonadales
Kristina Šmigun-Vähi (born 23 February 1977) is a former Estonian female cross-country skier and politician. She is the most successful Estonian female cross-country skier with two Olympic gold medals. In 2019 she was elected as a Member of the Estonian Parliament. Career On 12 February 2006, she won the Winter Olympics gold medal for the 7.5 km + 7.5 km double pursuit, becoming the first Estonian woman to win a medal at the Winter Olympics. Four days later, she won a second gold medal in the 10 km classical. On 15 February 2010, she won her third Olympic medal, a silver in the 10 km freestyle race. With two golds and one silver, Šmigun-Vähi is the most successful Estonian athlete in Olympic history (summer or winter), tying the record of men's cross-country skier Andrus Veerpalu. Šmigun-Vähi has also found success at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, earning six medals. This included one gold (2003: 5 km + 5 km double pursuit), three silvers (1999: 15 km, 2003: 10 km, 15 km), and two bronzes (1999, 2003: both in 30 km). On 2 July 2010, Šmigun-Vähi announced that she will quit her professional sport career to focus on her family and her daughter Victoria-Kris. On 24 October 2016, the World Anti-Doping Agency Athletes' Commission stated that Šmigun-Vähi faced a Court of Arbitration for Sport hearing before the end of October. Personal life She is the daughter of former cross-country skiers Rutt and Anatoli Šmigun. Her sister Katrin Šmigun and cousin Aivar Rehemaa were also cross-country skiers. Šmigun-Vähi is married to her long-time manager Kristjan-Thor Vähi, She missed the 2007–08 and 2008–09 seasons due to pregnancy. She has two children, daughter born in 2008 and son born in 2011. Cross-country skiing results All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS). Olympic Games 3 medals – (2 gold, 1 silver) World Championships 6 medals – (1 gold, 3 silver, 2 bronze) a. Cancelled due to extremely cold weather. World Cup Season titles 2 titles – (1 long distance, 1 middle distance) Season standings Individual podiums 16 victories – (16 ) 50 podiums – (49 , 1 ) Note: Until the 1999 World Championships, World Championship and Olympic races were included in the World Cup scoring system. Overall record a. Classification is made according to FIS classification. b. Includes individual and mass start races. c. Includes pursuit and double pursuit races. d. May be incomplete due to lack of appropriate sources for some relay races prior to 1995/96 World Cup season. Note: Until 1999 World Championships and 1994 Olympics, World Championship and Olympic races were part of the World Cup. Hence results from those races are included in the World Cup overall record. See also List of multiple Olympic gold medalists at a single Games References External links 1977 births 21st-century Estonian women politicians Cross-country skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics Cross-country skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics Cross-country skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics Cross-country skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics Cross-country skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics Estonian female cross-country skiers Estonian Reform Party politicians Estonian sportsperson-politicians FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing Living people Medalists at the 2006 Winter Olympics Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics Members of the Riigikogu, 2019–2023 Members of the Riigikogu, 2023–2027 Olympic cross-country skiers for Estonia Olympic gold medalists for Estonia Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing Olympic silver medalists for Estonia Politicians from Tartu Recipients of the Order of the White Star, 1st Class Sportspeople from Tartu Women members of the Riigikogu
Shleep is the seventh album by Canterbury scene and progressive rock veteran and musician Robert Wyatt, released in 1997. The album brought together a diverse range of musicians from a range of genres. After Wyatt's largely one-man recordings of the 1980s, Shleep marked a return to featuring other artistes as on his 1970s albums. The balance of his discography would follow suit. The Wire named Shleep its record of the year in its annual critics' poll. Track listing All tracks composed by Robert Wyatt and Alfreda Benge; except where indicated "Heaps of Sheeps" – 4:56 "The Duchess" (Wyatt) – 4:18 "Maryan" (Wyatt, Philip Catherine) – 6:11 "Was a Friend" (Wyatt, Hugh Hopper) – 6:09 "Free Will and Testament" (Wyatt, Mark Kramer) – 4:13 "September the Ninth" – 6:41 "Alien" – 6:47 "Out of Season" – 2:32 "A Sunday in Madrid" – 4:41 "Blues in Bob Minor" (Wyatt) – 5:46 "The Whole Point of No Return" (Paul Weller) – 1:25 "September in the Rain" (bonus re-release track) – 2:31 Personnel Gary Azukx - djembe Alfreda Benge - voice of the apparition, chorus Philip Catherine - guitar Brian Eno - synthesiser, synthesiser bass, vocal chorus Jamie Johnson - guitar, chorus Phil Manzanera - guitar Chucho Merchan - bass guitar, double bass, bass drum, percussion Evan Parker - soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone Charles Rees - chorus Chikako Sato - violin Paul Weller - guitars, harmony vocals Annie Whitehead - trombone Robert Wyatt - voice, keyboards, bass guitar, polish fiddle, trumpet, percussion, chorus References External links MP3.com album main page 1997 albums Robert Wyatt albums Albums produced by Brian Eno Albums produced by Robert Wyatt
Aram Shah () (died in June 1211, r. 1210–1211) was the second Sultan of the Delhi Sultanate. He briefly held the throne from Lahore after the unexpected death of Qutb ud-Din Aibak before being defeated and dethroned by Iltutmish who began ruling from Delhi. Origins Aram Shah is an obscure figure, and his relationship to his predecessor Qutb al-Din Aibak is not certain. In some manuscripts of Minhaj-i-Siraj's Tabaqat-i Nasiri, the words "bin Aibak" ("son of Aibak") appear after his name in a chapter heading, and later writers believed him to be a son of Aibak. However, the words "bin Aibak" in the headline may have been an erroneous addition made by a scribe. Minhaj-i-Siraj refers to only three daughters of Aibak elsewhere in the text, and Ata-Malik Juvayni's Tarikh-i Jahangushay explicitly states that Aibak did not have any son. What is known is that he succeeded Aibak in city of Lahore. Reign In 1210, Qutb al-Din Aibak died unexpectedly in Lahore during a sport game, without having named a successor. To prevent instability in the kingdom, the Turkic nobles (maliks and amirs) in Lahore appointed Aram Shah as his successor at Lahore. However, the Turkic nobles in different parts of the Sultanate opposed his ascension, and some of them - such as the Khalji nobles of Bengal - rebelled against him. According to the 16th century historian Firishta, the kingdom also suffered an invasion from the neighbouring ruler Nasir ad-Din Qabacha of Multan. A group of nobles, led by the military justiciar (Amir-i Dad) Ali-yi Ismail, invited Iltutmish to occupy the throne. Iltutmish, a former slave of Aibak and the governor of Badaun, had a distinguished record of service and was called a son by Aibak, because of which the nobles considered him as a good candidate for the throne. Iltutmish marched to Delhi, where he seized the power, and later defeated Aram Shah's forces at Bagh-i Jud. According to the Tabaqat-i Nasiri, Aram Shah was "martyred": it is not clear if he was killed on the battlefield, or put to death as a prisoner of war. Two of his important officers - Aqsanqar and Farrukh Shah - were killed on the battlefield. Iltutmish subsequently consolidated his power and began ruling from Delhi. References Bibliography Sultans of the Mamluk dynasty (Delhi) 13th-century Indian monarchs Year of birth uncertain Year of death unknown 13th-century Indian Muslims
South Abaco is one of the districts of the Bahamas, on the Abaco Islands. The district had a population of 7,646 in 2010. Sandy Point is one of the largest settlements. References Districts of the Bahamas Abaco Islands
Baptists form a major branch of Protestantism distinguished by baptizing only professing Christian believers (believer's baptism), and doing so by complete immersion. Baptist churches also generally subscribe to the doctrines of soul competency (the responsibility and accountability of every person before God), sola fide (salvation by just faith alone), sola scriptura (scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice) and congregationalist church government. Baptists generally recognize two ordinances: baptism and communion. Diverse from their beginning, those identifying as Baptists today differ widely from one another in what they believe, how they worship, their attitudes toward other Christians, and their understanding of what is important in Christian discipleship. Baptist missionaries have spread various Baptist confessions to every continent. The largest voluntary grouping of Baptist churches is the Baptist World Alliance but there are many different groupings of Baptist churches and Baptist congregations which belong to no larger group. Historians trace the earliest Baptist church to 1609 in Amsterdam, Dutch Republic with English Separatist John Smyth as its pastor. In accordance with his reading of the New Testament, he rejected baptism of infants and instituted baptism only of believing adults. Baptist practice spread to England, where the General Baptists considered Christ's atonement to extend to all people, while the Particular Baptists believed that it extended only to the elect. Thomas Helwys formulated a distinctively Baptist request that the church and the state be kept separate in matters of law, so that individuals might have freedom of religion. Helwys died in prison as a consequence of the religious conflict with English Dissenters under James I. In 1638, Roger Williams established the first Baptist congregation in the North American colonies. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the First and Second Great Awakening increased church membership in the United States. Swedish Baptists (Scandinavian Baptists) have origins in the Radical Pietism movement that split off from the Lutheran Church of Sweden due to the Conventicle Act (Sweden) rather than the English Dissenters that split off from the Anglican Church of England, but both reached similar conclusions on theology and ecclesiology. Origins Baptist historian Bruce Gourley outlines four main views of Baptist origins: the modern scholarly consensus that the movement traces its origin to the 17th century via the English Separatists, the view that it was an outgrowth of the Anabaptist movement of believer's baptism begun in 1525 on the European continent, the perpetuity view which assumes that the Baptist faith and practice has existed since the time of Christ, and the successionist view, or "Baptist successionism", which argues that Baptist churches actually existed in an unbroken chain since the time of Christ. English separatist view Modern Baptist churches trace their history to the English Separatist movement in the 1600s, the century after the rise of the original Protestant denominations. This view of Baptist origins has the most historical support and is the most widely accepted. Adherents to this position consider the influence of Anabaptists upon early Baptists to be minimal. It was a time of considerable political and religious turmoil. Both individuals and churches were willing to give up their theological roots if they became convinced that a more biblical "truth" had been discovered. During the Protestant Reformation, the Church of England (Anglicans) separated from the Roman Catholic Church. There were some Christians who were not content with the achievements of the mainstream Protestant Reformation. There also were Christians who were disappointed that the Church of England had not made corrections of what some considered to be errors and abuses. Of those most critical of the Church's direction, some chose to stay and try to make constructive changes from within the Anglican Church. They became known as "Puritans" and are described by Gourley as cousins of the English Separatists. Others decided they must leave the Church because of their dissatisfaction and became known as the Separatists. In 1579, Faustus Socinus founded the Unitarians in Poland, which was a tolerant country. The Unitarians taught baptism by immersion. When Poland ceased to be tolerant, they fled to Holland. In Holland, the Unitarians introduced immersion baptism to the Dutch Mennonites. Baptist churches have their origins in a movement started by the English John Smyth and Thomas Helwys in Amsterdam. Due to their shared beliefs with the Puritans and Congregationalists, they went into exile in 1607 for Holland with other believers who held the same biblical positions. They believe that the Bible is to be the only guide and that the believer's baptism is what the scriptures require. In 1609, the year considered to be the foundation of the movement, they baptized believers and founded the first Baptist church. In 1609, while still there, Smyth wrote a tract titled "The Character of the Beast," or "The False Constitution of the Church." In it he expressed two propositions: first, infants are not to be baptized; and second, "Antichristians converted are to be admitted into the true Church by baptism." Hence, his conviction was that a scriptural church should consist only of regenerate believers who have been baptized on a personal confession of faith. He rejected the Separatist movement's doctrine of infant baptism (paedobaptism). Shortly thereafter, Smyth left the group. Ultimately, Smyth became committed to believers' baptism as the only biblical baptism. He was convinced on the basis of his interpretation of Scripture that infants would not be damned should they die in infancy. Smyth, convinced that his self-baptism was invalid, applied with the Mennonites for membership. He died while waiting for membership, and some of his followers became Mennonites. Thomas Helwys and others kept their baptism and their Baptist commitments. The modern Baptist denomination is an outgrowth of Smyth's movement. Baptists rejected the name Anabaptist when they were called that by opponents in derision. McBeth writes that as late as the 18th century, many Baptists referred to themselves as "the Christians commonly—though falsely—called Anabaptists." Thomas Helwys took over the leadership, leading the church back to England in 1611 and published the first Baptist confession of faith "A Declaration of Faith of English People" in 1611. He founded the first General Baptist Church in Spitalfields, east London, England in 1612. Another milestone in the early development of Baptist doctrine was in 1638 with John Spilsbury, a Calvinistic minister who helped to promote the strict practice of believer's baptism by immersion (as opposed to affusion or aspersion). According to Tom Nettles, professor of historical theology at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, "Spilsbury's cogent arguments for a gathered, disciplined congregation of believers baptized by immersion as constituting the New Testament church gave expression to and built on insights that had emerged within separatism, advanced in the life of John Smyth and the suffering congregation of Thomas Helwys, and matured in Particular Baptists." Anabaptist influence view A minority view is that early-17th-century Baptists were influenced by (but not directly connected to) continental Anabaptists. According to this view, the General Baptists shared similarities with Dutch Waterlander Mennonites (one of many Anabaptist groups) including believer's baptism only, religious liberty, separation of church and state, and Arminian views of salvation, predestination and original sin. Representative writers including A.C. Underwood and William R. Estep. Gourley wrote that among some contemporary Baptist scholars who emphasize the faith of the community over soul liberty, the Anabaptist influence theory is making a comeback. However, the relations between Baptists and Anabaptists were early strained. In 1624, the then five existing Baptist churches of London issued a condemnation of the Anabaptists. Furthermore, the original group associated with Smyth and popularly believed to be the first Baptists broke with the Waterlander Mennonite Anabaptists after a brief period of association in the Netherlands. Perpetuity and succession view Traditional Baptist historians write from the perspective that Baptists had existed since the time of Christ. Proponents of the Baptist successionist or perpetuity view consider the Baptist movement to have existed independently from Roman Catholicism and prior to the Protestant Reformation. The perpetuity view is often identified with The Trail of Blood, a booklet of five lectures by J.M. Carrol published in 1931. Other Baptist writers who advocate the successionist theory of Baptist origins are John T. Christian, Thomas Crosby, G. H. Orchard, J. M. Cramp, William Cathcart, Adam Taylor and D. B. Ray. This view was also held by English Baptist preacher, Charles Spurgeon as well as Jesse Mercer, the namesake of Mercer University. In 1898 William Whitsitt was pressured to resign his presidency of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary for denying Baptist successionism. Baptist origins in the United Kingdom In 1612, Thomas Helwys established a Baptist congregation in London, consisting of congregants from Smyth's church. A number of other Baptist churches sprang up, and they became known as the General Baptists. The Particular Baptists were established when a group of Calvinist Separatists adopted believers' Baptism. The Particular Baptists consisted of seven churches by 1644 and had created a confession of faith called the First London Confession of Faith. Baptist origins in North America Both Roger Williams and John Clarke, his compatriot and coworker for religious freedom, are variously credited as founding the earliest Baptist church in North America. In 1639, Williams established a Baptist church in Providence, Rhode Island, and Clarke began a Baptist church in Newport, Rhode Island. According to a Baptist historian who has researched the matter extensively, "There is much debate over the centuries as to whether the Providence or Newport church deserved the place of 'first' Baptist congregation in America. Exact records for both congregations are lacking." The Great Awakening energized the Baptist movement, and the Baptist community experienced spectacular growth. Baptists became the largest Christian community in many southern states, including among the enslaved Black population. Baptist missionary work in Canada began in the British colony of Nova Scotia (present day Nova Scotia and New Brunswick) in the 1760s. The first official record of a Baptist church in Canada was that of the Horton Baptist Church (now Wolfville) in Wolfville, Nova Scotia on 29 October 1778. The church was established with the assistance of the New Light evangelist Henry Alline. Many of Alline's followers, after his death, would convert and strengthen the Baptist presence in the Atlantic region. Two major groups of Baptists formed the basis of the churches in the Maritimes. These were referred to as Regular Baptist (Calvinistic in their doctrine) and Free Will Baptists (Arminian in their doctrine). In May 1845, the Baptist congregations in the United States split over slavery and missions. The Home Mission Society prevented slaveholders from being appointed as missionaries. The split created the Southern Baptist Convention, while the northern congregations formed their own umbrella organization now called the American Baptist Churches USA (ABC-USA). The Methodist Episcopal Church, South had recently separated over the issue of slavery, and southern Presbyterians would do so shortly thereafter. In 2015, Baptists in the U.S. number 50 million people and constitute roughly one-third of American Protestants. Baptist origins in Ukraine The Baptist churches in Ukraine were preceded by the German Anabaptist and Mennonite communities, who had been living in the south of Ukraine since the 16th century, and who practiced adult believers baptism. The first Baptist baptism (adult baptism by full immersion) in Ukraine took place in 1864 on the river Inhul in the Yelizavetgrad region (now Kropyvnytskyi region), in a German settlement. In 1867, the first Baptist communities were organized in that area. From there, the Baptist movement spread across the south of Ukraine and then to other regions as well. One of the first Baptist communities was registered in Kyiv in 1907, and in 1908 the First All-Russian Convention of Baptists was held there, as Ukraine was still controlled by the Russian Empire. The All-Russian Union of Baptists was established in the town of Yekaterinoslav (now Dnipro) in Southern Ukraine. At the end of the 19th century, estimates are that there were between 100,000 and 300,000 Baptists in Ukraine. An independent All-Ukrainian Baptist Union of Ukraine was established during the brief period of Ukraine's independence in early 20th-century, and once again after the fall of the Soviet Union, the largest of which is currently known as the Evangelical Baptist Union of Ukraine. Missionary organizations Missionary organizations favored the development of the movement on all continents. In England there was the founding of the BMS World Mission in 1792 at Kettering, England. In United States, there was the founding of International Ministries in 1814 and International Mission Board in 1845. Baptist organizations Many churches are members of a national and international denomination for a cooperative relationship in common organizations, for the mission and social areas, such as humanitarian aid, schools, theological institutes and hospitals. There also are a substantial number of cooperative groups. In 1905, the Baptist World Alliance (BWA) was formed by 24 Baptist denominations from various countries. The BWA's goals include caring for the needy, leading in world evangelism and defending human rights and religious freedom. Finally, there are Independent Baptist churches that choose to remain independent of any denomination, organization, or association. Membership Statistics In 2010, an estimated 100 million Christians identified themselves as Baptist or belong to Baptist-type churches. In 2020, according to the researcher Sébastien Fath of the CNRS, the movement has around 170 million believers in the world. According a census released in 2023 by the Baptist World Alliance, the largest global organization of Baptists, the BWA includes 253 participating Baptist fellowships in 130 countries, with 176,000 churches and 51,000,000 baptized members. These statistics are not fully representative, however, since some churches in the United States have dual or triple national Baptist affiliation, causing a church and its members to be counted by more than one Baptist denomination. Among the censuses carried out by the Baptist denominations in 2023, those which claimed the most members on each continent were: In North America, the Southern Baptist Convention with 47,198 churches and 13,223,122 members, the National Baptist Convention, USA with 21,145 churches and 8,415,100 members. In South America, the Brazilian Baptist Convention with 9,070 churches and 1,797,597 members, the Evangelical Baptist Convention of Argentina with 670 churches and 85,000 members. In Africa, the Nigerian Baptist Convention with 14,523 churches and 8,925,000 members, the Baptist Convention of Tanzania with 1,350 churches and 2,680,000 members, the Baptist Community of the Congo River with 2,673 churches and 1,764,155 members. In Asia, the Myanmar Baptist Convention with 5,337 churches and 1,013,499 members, the Nagaland Baptist Church Council with 1,661 churches and 648,096 members, the Garo Baptist Convention with 2,619 churches and 333,908 members, the Convention of Philippine Baptist Churches with 1,079 churches and 600,000 members. In Europe, the All-Ukrainian Union of Churches of Evangelical Christian Baptists with 2,192 churches and 105,189 members, the Baptist Union of Great Britain with 1,897 churches and 99,475 members, the Union of Christian Baptist Churches in Romania with 1,697 churches and 83,853 members. In Oceania, the Australian Baptist Ministries with 1,024 churches and 87,555 members, the Baptist Union of Papua New Guinea with 493 churches and 84,700 members. Qualification for membership Membership policies vary due to the autonomy of churches, but generally an individual becomes a member of a church through believer's baptism (which is a public profession of faith in Jesus, followed by immersion baptism). Most baptists do not believe that baptism is a requirement for salvation, but rather a public expression of one's inner repentance and faith. Therefore, some churches will admit into membership people who make a profession without believer's baptism. In general, Baptist churches do not have a stated age restriction on membership, but believer's baptism requires that an individual be able to freely and earnestly profess their faith. (See Age of Accountability) Baptist beliefs Since the early days of the Baptist movement, various denominations have adopted common confessions of faith as the basis for cooperative work among churches. Each church has a particular confession of faith and a common confession of faith if it is a member of a denomination. Some historically significant Baptist doctrinal documents include the 1689 London Baptist Confession of Faith, 1742 Philadelphia Baptist Confession, the 1833 New Hampshire Baptist Confession of Faith, and written church covenants which some individual Baptist churches adopt as a statement of their faith and beliefs. Baptist theology shares many doctrines with evangelical theology. It is based on believers' Church doctrine. Baptists, like other Christians, are defined by school of thought—some of it common to all orthodox and evangelical groups and a portion of it distinctive to Baptists. Through the years, different Baptist groups have issued confessions of faith—without considering them to be creeds—to express their particular doctrinal distinctions in comparison to other Christians as well as in comparison to other Baptists. Baptist denominations are traditionally seen as belonging to two parties, General Baptists who uphold Arminian theology and Particular Baptists who uphold Reformed theology. During the holiness movement, some General Baptists accepted the teaching of a second work of grace and formed denominations that emphasized this belief, such as the Ohio Valley Association of the Christian Baptist Churches of God and the Holiness Baptist Association. Most Baptists are evangelical in doctrine, but their beliefs may vary due to the congregational governance system that gives autonomy to individual local Baptist churches. Historically, Baptists have played a key role in encouraging religious freedom and separation of church and state. Shared doctrines would include beliefs about one God; the virgin birth; miracles; atonement for sins through the death, burial, and bodily resurrection of Jesus; the Trinity; the need for salvation (through belief in Jesus Christ as the Son of God, his death and resurrection); grace; the Kingdom of God; last things (eschatology) (Jesus Christ will return personally and visibly in glory to the earth, the dead will be raised, and Christ will judge everyone in righteousness); and evangelism and missions. Most Baptists hold that no church or ecclesiastical organization has inherent authority over a Baptist church. Churches can properly relate to each other under this polity only through voluntary cooperation, never by any sort of coercion. Furthermore, this Baptist polity calls for freedom from governmental control. Exceptions to this local form of local governance include a few churches that submit to the leadership of a body of elders, as well as the Episcopal Baptists that have an Episcopal system. Baptists generally believe in the literal Second Coming of Christ. Beliefs among Baptists regarding the "end times" include amillennialism, dispensationalism, and historic premillennialism, with views such as postmillennialism and preterism receiving some support. Some additional distinctive Baptist principles held by many Baptists: The supremacy of the canonical Scriptures as a norm of faith and practice. For something to become a matter of faith and practice, it is not sufficient for it to be merely consistent with and not contrary to scriptural principles. It must be something explicitly ordained through command or example in the Bible. For instance, this is why Baptists do not practice infant baptism—they say the Bible neither commands nor exemplifies infant baptism as a Christian practice. More than any other Baptist principle, this one when applied to infant baptism is said to separate Baptists from other evangelical Christians. Baptists believe that faith is a matter between God and the individual (religious freedom). To them it means the advocacy of absolute liberty of conscience. Insistence on immersion believer's baptism as the only mode of baptism. Baptists do not believe that baptism is necessary for salvation. Therefore, for Baptists, baptism is an ordinance, not a sacrament, since, in their view, it imparts no saving grace. Beliefs that vary among Baptists Since there is no hierarchical authority and each Baptist church is autonomous, there is no official set of Baptist theological beliefs. These differences exist both among associations, and even among churches within the associations. Some doctrinal issues on which there is widespread difference among Baptists are: Eschatology Arminianism versus Calvinism (General Baptists uphold Arminian theology while Particular Baptists teach Calvinist theology). Independent Baptists generally will say they are neither. The doctrine of separation from "the world" and whether to associate with those who are "of the world" Belief in a second work of grace, i.e. entire sanctification (held by General Baptists in the Holiness tradition) Speaking-in-tongues and the operation of other charismatic gifts of the Holy Spirit in the charismatic churches How the Bible should be interpreted (hermeneutics) The extent to which missionary boards should be used to support missionaries The extent to which non-members may participate in the Lord's Supper services Which translation of Scripture to use (see King-James-Only movement in the English-speaking world) Dispensationalism versus Covenant theology The role of women in marriage. The ordination of women as deacons or pastors. Attitudes to and involvement in the ecumenical movement. Excommunication is used as a last resort by denominations and churches for members who do not want to repent of beliefs or behavior at odds with the confession of faith of the community. Worship In Baptist churches, worship service is part of the life of the Church and includes praise (Christian music), worship, of prayers to God, a sermon based on the Bible, offering, and periodically the Lord's Supper. In many churches, there are services adapted for children, even teenagers. Prayer meetings are also held during the week. Places of worship The architecture is sober and the Latin cross is one of the only spiritual symbols that can usually be seen on the building of a Baptist church and that identifies the place where it belongs. Education Baptist churches established elementary and secondary schools, Bible colleges, colleges and universities as early as the 1680s in England, before continuing in various countries. In 2006, the International Association of Baptist Colleges and Universities was founded in the United States. In 2022, it had 46 member universities. Sexuality In matters of sexuality, Baptist congregations are theologically diverse, ranging from LGBT affirming to only marriage between a man and a woman, as well as in promotion of virginity pledges to young Baptist Christians, who are invited to engage in a public ceremony at sexual abstinence until Christian marriage. This pact is often symbolized by a purity ring. Programs like True Love Waits, founded in 1993 by the Southern Baptist Convention have been developed to support the commitments. In many Baptist churches, same-sex marriage and same-gender love is affirmed and celebrated as is true in the Alliance of Baptists Denomination and for many churches in the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship and the American Baptist Churches USA. Many Baptist congregations have also been at the forefront of the conversations on ending same-sex marriage bans. In 2014, the Alliance joined a lawsuit challenging North Carolina's ban on same-sex marriage, which is America's first faith-based challenge to same-sex marriage bans. Controversies that have shaped Baptists Baptists have faced many controversies in their 400-year history, controversies of the level of crises. Baptist historian Walter Shurden says the word crisis comes from the Greek word meaning 'to decide.' Shurden writes that contrary to the presumed negative view of crises, some controversies that reach a crisis level may actually be "positive and highly productive." He claims that even schism, though never ideal, has often produced positive results. In his opinion crises among Baptists each have become decision-moments that shaped their future. Some controversies that have shaped Baptists include the "missions crisis", the "slavery crisis", the "landmark crisis", and the "modernist crisis". Missions crisis Early in the 19th century, the rise of the modern missions movement, and the backlash against it, led to widespread and bitter controversy among the American Baptists. During this era, the American Baptists were split between missionary and anti-missionary. A substantial secession of Baptists went into the movement led by Alexander Campbell to return to a more fundamental church. Slavery crisis United States Leading up to the American Civil War, Baptists became embroiled in the controversy over slavery in the United States. Whereas in the First Great Awakening Methodist and Baptist preachers had opposed slavery and urged manumission, over the decades they made more of an accommodation with the institution. They worked with slaveholders in the South to urge a paternalistic institution. Both denominations made direct appeals to slaves and free Blacks for conversion. The Baptists particularly allowed them active roles in congregations. By the mid-19th century, northern Baptists tended to oppose slavery. As tensions increased, in 1844 the Home Mission Society refused to appoint a slaveholder as a missionary who had been proposed by Georgia. It noted that missionaries could not take servants with them, and also that the board did not want to appear to condone slavery. In 1845, a group of churches in favor of slavery and in disagreement with the abolitionism of the Triennial Convention (now American Baptist Churches USA) left to form the Southern Baptist Convention. They believed that the Bible sanctions slavery and that it was acceptable for Christians to own slaves. They believed slavery was a human institution which Baptist teaching could make less harsh. By this time many planters were part of Baptist congregations, and some of the denomination's prominent preachers, such as the Rev. Basil Manly, Sr., president of the University of Alabama, were also planters who owned slaves. As early as the late 18th century, Black Baptists began to organize separate churches, associations and mission agencies. Blacks set up some independent Baptist congregations in the South before the American Civil War. White Baptist associations maintained some oversight of these churches. In the postwar years, freedmen quickly left the white congregations and associations, setting up their own churches. In 1866, the Consolidated American Baptist Convention, formed from Black Baptists of the South and West, helped southern associations set up Black state conventions, which they did in Alabama, Arkansas, Virginia, North Carolina, and Kentucky. In 1880, Black state conventions united in the national Foreign Mission Convention to support Black Baptist missionary work. Two other national Black conventions were formed, and in 1895 they united as the National Baptist Convention. This organization later went through its own changes, spinning off other conventions. It is the largest Black religious organization and the second-largest Baptist organization in the world. Baptists are numerically most dominant in the Southeast. In 2007, the Pew Research Center's Religious Landscape Survey found that 45% of all African Americans identify with Baptist denominations, with the vast majority of those being within the historically Black tradition. In the American South, the interpretation of the American Civil War, abolition of slavery and postwar period has differed sharply by race since those years. Americans have often interpreted great events in religious terms. Historian Wilson Fallin contrasts the interpretation of Civil War and Reconstruction in white versus Black memory by analyzing Baptist sermons documented in Alabama. Soon after the Civil War, most Black Baptists in the South left the Southern Baptist Convention, reducing its numbers by hundreds of thousands or more. They quickly organized their own congregations and developed their own regional and state associations and, by the end of the 19th century, a national convention. White preachers in Alabama after Reconstruction expressed the view that: Black preachers interpreted the Civil War, Emancipation and Reconstruction as "God's gift of freedom." They had a gospel of liberation, having long identified with the Book of Exodus from slavery in the Old Testament. They took opportunities to exercise their independence, to worship in their own way, to affirm their worth and dignity, and to proclaim the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man. Most of all, they quickly formed their own churches, associations, and conventions to operate freely without white supervision. These institutions offered self-help and racial uplift, a place to develop and use leadership, and places for proclamation of the gospel of liberation. As a result, Black preachers said that God would protect and help him and God's people; God would be their rock in a stormy land. The Southern Baptist Convention supported white supremacy and its results: disenfranchising most Blacks and many poor whites at the turn of the 20th century by raising barriers to voter registration, and passage of racial segregation laws that enforced the system of Jim Crow. Its members largely resisted the civil rights movement in the South, which sought to enforce their constitutional rights for public access and voting; and enforcement of midcentury federal civil rights laws. In 1995, the Southern Baptist Convention passed a resolution that recognized the failure of their ancestors to protect the civil rights of African Americans. More than 20,000 Southern Baptists registered for the meeting in Atlanta. The resolution declared that messengers, as SBC delegates are called, "unwaveringly denounce racism, in all its forms, as deplorable sin" and "lament and repudiate historic acts of evil such as slavery from which we continue to reap a bitter harvest." It offered an apology to all African Americans for "condoning and/or perpetuating individual and systemic racism in our lifetime" and repentance for "racism of which we have been guilty, whether consciously or unconsciously." Although Southern Baptists have condemned racism in the past, this was the first time the convention, predominantly white since the Reconstruction era, had specifically addressed the issue of slavery. The statement sought forgiveness "from our African-American brothers and sisters" and pledged to "eradicate racism in all its forms from Southern Baptist life and ministry." In 1995, about 500,000 members of the 15.6-million-member denomination were African Americans and another 300,000 were ethnic minorities. The resolution marked the denomination's first formal acknowledgment that racism played a role in its founding. Caribbean islands Elsewhere in the Americas, in the Caribbean in particular, Baptist missionaries and members took an active role in the anti-slavery movement. In Jamaica, for example, William Knibb, a prominent British Baptist missionary, worked toward the emancipation of slaves in the British West Indies (which took place in full in 1838). Knibb also supported the creation of "Free Villages" and sought funding from English Baptists to buy land for freedmen to cultivate; the Free Villages were envisioned as rural communities to be centered around a Baptist church where emancipated slaves could farm their own land. Thomas Burchell, missionary minister in Montego Bay, also was active in this movement, gaining funds from Baptists in England to buy land for what became known as Burchell Free Village. Prior to emancipation, Baptist deacon Samuel Sharpe, who served with Burchell, organized a general strike of slaves seeking better conditions. It developed into a major rebellion of as many as 60,000 slaves, which became known as the Christmas Rebellion (when it took place) or the Baptist War. It was put down by government troops within two weeks. During and after the rebellion, an estimated 200 slaves were killed outright, with more than 300 judicially executed later by prosecution in the courts, sometimes for minor offenses. Baptists were active after emancipation in promoting the education of former slaves; for example, Jamaica's Calabar High School, named after the port of Calabar in Nigeria, was founded by Baptist missionaries. At the same time, during and after slavery, slaves and free Blacks formed their own Spiritual Baptist movements – breakaway spiritual movements which theology often expressed resistance to oppression. Landmark crisis Southern Baptist Landmarkism sought to reset the ecclesiastical separation which had characterized the old Baptist churches, in an era when inter-denominational union meetings were the order of the day. James Robinson Graves was an influential Baptist of the 19th century and the primary leader of this movement. While some Landmarkers eventually separated from the Southern Baptist Convention, the movement continued to influence the Convention into the 20th and 21st centuries. Modernist crisis The rise of theological modernism in the latter 19th and early 20th centuries also greatly affected Baptists. The Landmark movement, already mentioned, has been described as a reaction among Southern Baptists in the United States against incipient modernism. In England, Charles Haddon Spurgeon fought against modernistic views of the Scripture in the Downgrade Controversy and severed his church from the Baptist Union as a result. The Northern Baptist Convention in the United States had internal conflict over modernism in the early 20th century, ultimately embracing it. Two new conservative associations of congregations that separated from the convention were founded as a result: the General Association of Regular Baptist Churches in 1933 and the Conservative Baptist Association of America in 1947. Following similar conflicts over modernism, the Southern Baptist Convention adhered to conservative theology as its official position. In the late 20th century, Southern Baptists who disagreed with this direction founded two new groups: the liberal Alliance of Baptists in 1987 and the more moderate Cooperative Baptist Fellowship in 1991. Originally both schisms continued to identify as Southern Baptist, but over time "became permanent new families of Baptists." Criticism In his 1963 book, Strength to Love, Baptist pastor Martin Luther King Jr. criticized some Baptist churches for their anti-intellectualism, especially because of the lack of theological training among pastors. In 2018, Baptist theologian Russell D. Moore criticized some Baptists in the United States for their moralism emphasizing strongly the condemnation of certain personal sins, but silent on the social injustices that afflict entire populations, such as racism. In 2020, the North American Baptist Fellowship, a region of the Baptist World Alliance, officially made a commitment to social justice and spoke out against institutionalized discrimination in the American justice system. See also List of Baptist denominations List of Baptist World Alliance National Fellowships List of Baptists References Bibliography Beale, David. Baptist History in England and America: Personalities, Positions, and Practices. Maitland, FL: Xulon Press, 2018. 638pp. . . Kidd, Thomas S. and Barry Hankins, Baptists in America: A History (2015) , comprehensive international History. . . Further reading Beale, David. Baptist History in England and America: Personalities, Positions, and Practices. Maitland, FL: Xulon Press, 2018. 638pp. Bebbington, David. Baptists through the Centuries: A History of a Global People (Baylor University Press, 2010) emphasis on the United States and Europe; the last two chapters are on the global context. Brackney, William H. A Genetic History of Baptist Thought: With Special Reference to Baptists in Britain and North America (Mercer University Press, 2004), focus on confessions of faith, hymns, theologians, and academics. Brackney, William H. ed., Historical Dictionary of the Baptists (2nd ed. Scarecrow, 2009). Cathcart, William, ed. The Baptist Encyclopedia (2 vols. 1883). online Gavins, Raymond. The Perils and Prospects of Southern Black Leadership: Gordon Blaine Hancock, 1884–1970. Duke University Press, 1977. Harrison, Paul M. Authority and Power in the Free Church Tradition: A Social Case Study of the American Baptist Convention Princeton University Press, 1959. Harvey, Paul. Redeeming the South: Religious Cultures and Racial Identities among Southern Baptists, 1865–1925 University of North Carolina Press, 1997. Heyrman, Christine Leigh. Southern Cross: The Beginnings of the Bible Belt (1997). Isaac, Rhy. "Evangelical Revolt: The Nature of the Baptists' Challenge to the Traditional Order in Virginia, 1765 to 1775", William and Mary Quarterly, 3d ser., XXXI (July 1974), 345–368. . Kidd, Thomas S., Barry Hankins, Oxford University Press, 2015 Leonard, Bill J. Baptists in America (Columbia University Press, 2005). Pitts, Walter F. Old Ship of Zion: The Afro-Baptist Ritual in the African Diaspora Oxford University Press, 1996. Rawlyk, George. Champions of the Truth: Fundamentalism, Modernism, and the Maritime Baptists (1990), Canada. Spangler, Jewel L. "Becoming Baptists: Conversion in Colonial and Early National Virginia" Journal of Southern History. Volume: 67. Issue: 2. 2001. pp. 243+ Stringer, Phil. The Faithful Baptist Witness, Landmark Baptist Press, 1998. Underwood, A. C. A History of the English Baptists. London: Kingsgate Press, 1947. Whitley, William Thomas A Baptist Bibliography: being a register of the chief materials for Baptist history, whether in manuscript or in print, preserved in Great Britain, Ireland, and the Colonies. 2 vols. London: Kingsgate Press, 1916–1922 (reissued) Hildesheim: Georg Olms, 1984 Wills, Gregory A. Democratic Religion: Freedom, Authority, and Church Discipline in the Baptist South, 1785–1900, Oxford. Primary sources McBeth, H. Leon, ed. A Sourcebook for Baptist Heritage (1990), primary sources for Baptist history. McKinion, Steven A., ed. Life and Practice in the Early Church: A Documentary Reader (2001) McGlothlin, W. J., ed. Baptist Confessions of Faith. Philadelphia: The American Baptist Publication Society, 1911. External links Early Church Fathers on Baptism Oxford bibliographies: "Baptists" (2015) by Janet Moore Lindman Baptist church history collection, Rare Books and Manuscripts, Indiana State Library Christian terminology
Allan Henry Hollingworth (August 28, 1918 – August 16, 2005) was a Canadian, lawyer, politician, and judge. Born in Brockville, Ontario, he attended Brockville Collegiate Institute before receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree and a Bachelor of Commerce degree both from Queen's University in 1942. During World War II, he served as an intelligence officer in the Royal Canadian Air Force. Returning from the war, he graduated from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1948 and started practising law in North York, Ontario. He was called to the Ontario Bar in 1948 and was created a Queen's Counsel in 1958. In the 1953 federal election, he defeated Roy Thomson, the Progressive Conservative Party candidate and newspaper publisher, and was elected to the House of Commons of Canada as the Liberal Party candidate for the riding of York Centre. He was given the honour of replying to the Speech from the Throne on behalf of the Government at the opening of Parliament. He was defeated in the 1957 election and again in the 1958 election, when the riding elected a Progressive Conservative candidate. In 1973, he was appointed to Peel County court and became a Justice of the Supreme Court of Ontario in 1977. He served until 1997. He was married to Veronica and had two daughters, Michelle and Roxanne. References External links 1918 births 2005 deaths Lawyers in Ontario Judges in Ontario People from Brockville Liberal Party of Canada MPs Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario Canadian King's Counsel
Strachkvas (Kristián) (28 September 929 or 935, Prague – 996, Prague) was a prince of Bohemia, son of Boleslav I and brother of Boleslav II, all members of the Přemyslid dynasty. A clergyman, Strachkvas was finally to become Bishop of Prague but died during his consecration. Life Strachkvas was born on a feast day on which his father killed his own brother or half-brother, Wenceslaus, in order to replace Wenceslaus as Duke of the Bohemians. Feeling remorse, Boleslav gave his newborn son the strange name of "Strachkvas", "a dreadful feast". Boleslav promised to devote his son to religion and to educate him as a clergyman, and he kept his word. According to Chronica Boemorum of Cosmas of Prague, Saint Adalbert of Prague in 994 offered his episcopal see to Strachkvas, explaining that Strachkvas came from the Přemyslids, and it would be easy for him to bend people to his will; but Strachkvas refused the episcopacy. When Adalbert's family was massacred the next year and he left Prague, however, Strachkvas was appointed to succeed him. Then, just as Strachkvas was about to assume the episcopate, he died without warning during the installation ceremony itself. The circumstances of his death still are unclear. 10th-century births 996 deaths Year of birth uncertain 10th-century bishops in Bohemia Roman Catholic bishops of Prague Přemyslid dynasty Bohemian princes Nobility from Prague
In population genetics, a selection coefficient, usually denoted by the letter s, is a measure of differences in relative fitness. Selection coefficients are central to the quantitative description of evolution, since fitness differences determine the change in genotype frequencies attributable to selection. The following definition of s is commonly used. Suppose that there are two genotypes A and B in a population with relative fitnesses and respectively. Then, choosing genotype A as our point of reference, we have , and , where s measures the fitness advantage (s>0) or disadvantage (s<0) of B. For example, the lactose-tolerant allele spread from very low frequencies to high frequencies in less than 9000 years since farming with an estimated selection coefficient of 0.09-0.19 for a Scandinavian population. Though this selection coefficient might seem like a very small number, over evolutionary time, the favored alleles accumulate in the population and become more and more common, potentially reaching fixation. See also Evolutionary pressure References Population genetics Evolutionary biology
High Street railway station serves High Street in Glasgow, Scotland and the surrounding area, which includes Townhead, the Merchant City, as well the western fringes of Dennistoun and Calton. The station is managed by ScotRail and is served by trains on the North Clyde Line. It is located in the eastern part of the city centre, with Strathclyde University, Glasgow Cathedral and Glasgow Royal Infirmary being major institutions located nearby. History The first railway station in the area was College on the City of Glasgow Union Railway which closed with the opening of this station in 1866. The station took its current name at the beginning of 1914. Plans As part of the proposed Crossrail Glasgow initiative, High Street station may be demolished and relocated. Services 2008 There is a regular service Monday to Saturday to and beyond ( etc.) on the North Clyde Line westbound and to and eastbound. Sundays there is a half-hourly service westbound to Glasgow Queen Street and Helensburgh Central and eastbound to Airdrie. 2013 The station has half-hourly services westbound to each of Helensburgh Central (limited stop), Balloch via (stopping), and Dalmuir via (stopping) (8tph in all via Queen Street, Partick and Hyndland). Eastbound there are 6tph to Airdrie, of which 4tph continue all the way to Edinburgh Waverley via (two of these are limited stop, the others call at all intermediate stations). There is also a half-hourly service to Springburn although this has now been extended to Cumbernauld station and also now runs on a Sunday. On Sundays there is a half-hourly service to Helensburgh via Singer westbound and Edinburgh eastbound. References Notes Sources Railway stations in Glasgow Former North British Railway stations Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1866 Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1977 Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1981 SPT railway stations Railway stations served by ScotRail 1866 establishments in Scotland
Prince Kasper Doenhoff (, , 1587–1645) was a Polish nobleman of Baltic-German extraction, a Reichsfürst of the Holy Roman Empire and Governor of Dorpat Province within the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Upon converting to Catholicism, he became a trusted courtier and advisor to Sigismund III of Poland. Early life Doenhoff was the son of Gerhard von Dönhoff (1554-1598) and his wife, Margaretha von Zweiffeln (1555-1622). He was the brother of Ernst Magnus von Dönhoff (Governor of Parnawa) (1581-1642), Hermann von Dönhoff (1591-1620) and Gerhard von Dönhoff, Governor of Pomorze (1590-1648) and Anna von Maydel (1585-1639). Titles He became titular Governor of Dorpat (1627–34) (although already in 1625 the town had capitulated to Sweden and was never reobtained by the Poles); from 1633, Count of the Holy Roman Empire (along with Ernst and Gerhard von Dönhoff); Governor of Sieradz (1634–45); Court Marshal of the Queen (from 1639); and starosta of Wieluń, Lauenburg (Lębork), Radomsko, Bolesławiec, Sokal, Małoszyce, Sobowidze and Klonowo. In the Holy Roman Empire, he was a noble (Reichsfürst); count (from 1635); prince (from 1637); and court marshal. Life A member of an old Westphalian, Prussian and Baltic-German House of Dönhoff, that also included Ernst Magnus Dönhoff and Marion Dönhoff, Kasper became a military commander (rotmistrz of reiters), a favorite of King Sigismund III Vasa (after his conversion) and one of the most prominent members of the "court faction" that advocated strengthening the Polish monarch's power. As a courtier of King Władysław IV Vasa, Doenhoff was sent with a diplomatic mission to propose the marriage of Archduchess Cecilia Renata of Austria, daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Ferdinand II, to Władysław IV. The mission was successful, and Kasper also received noble titles from the Holy Roman Emperor. In Poland Kasper Doenhoff was the first member of his family to enter the magnate ruling elite of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, thereby laying the foundations for his family's fortune. He was influential and wealthy, enabling him to fund several interesting construction projects, mostly in Sieradz Province. He ordered the rebuilding of a medieval castle at Bolesławiec (of which he was starosta), on the Prosna River, into a new residence, complete with Italian garden. Around 1630 he sponsored a Renaissance-Baroque castle in Kruszyna — the last residential complex in Poland planned around a Renaissance-style internal yard, but already with a Baroque-style grand front yard and garden. Kruszyna was Doenhoff's main residence; but it was inconveniently located far from the new Commonwealth capital, Warsaw. Hence in 1636 Doenhoff bought and rebuilt another estate, in Ujazd, where he replaced the old castle with a Baroque palace. Toward the end of his life, he ordered the construction of a family necropolis, centered around a domed chapel, in the Jasna Góra sanctuary at Częstochowa. It was completed by his descendants. Despite his ownership of several castles, Doenhoff often resided in a modest manor (dworek szlachecki) near the royal residence at Warsaw. Personal life In 1620 he married Anna Aleksandra Koniecpolska (1598-1651). They had four children: Prince Aleksander von Dönhoff (d. 1671) Prince Stanislaw von Dönhoff (d. 1653), married Princess Anna Eufemia Radziwill (1628-1663), had issue Princess Anna von Dönhoff (1620-1651), married Bogusław Leszczyński and became great-grandmother of Marie Leszczyńska Prince Zygmunt von Dönhoff (1621-1655), married Princess Teresa Krystina Ossolinska (d. 1651); had issue See also Stanisław Ernest Denhoff (1673-1728) References Kajzer L., "A Sieradz 'Palace Decade'? Kacper Denhoff'S Foundations in the First Half of the 17th Century," Kwartalnik Historii Kultury Materialnej (Quarterly of the History of Material Culture), vol. 52, no. 4, 2004, pp. 403–18. https://web.archive.org/web/20110725022228/http://genealog.home.pl/gd/szablony/osoba.php?lang=pl&id=016413 1587 births 1645 deaths Converts to Roman Catholicism from Calvinism Polish Roman Catholics Polish Princes of the Holy Roman Empire Polish Counts of the Holy Roman Empire 17th-century Polish nobility Baltic-German people Kasper Doenhoff
Lisa Gabrielle Tucker is an American singer, musical theater actress, and television actress who was the tenth-place finalist on the fifth season of American Idol. After American Idol, she performed in the American Idols Live! Tour 2006 for three months and 60 concerts across the United States. After the tour, Tucker recorded a duet with Dionne Warwick on Warwick's album, My Friends & Me. She also appeared on The O.C. in a cameo as herself, and had recurring television roles on Zoey 101, The Game, and The Vampire Diaries. She began her theater career at the Orange County Children's Theater, and at 11, performed as Young Nala in a Pantages Theatre production of The Lion King musical. Life and career Early life and career beginnings Tucker was born and raised in Anaheim, California by her mother Eleanor, a customer service supervisor with Pacific Life, and her father Stan, an attorney. She began acting and singing during childhood, including performances with the Orange County Children's Theater and singing the national anthem at an Anaheim Angels baseball game. She began her theater career in a production of The Little Princess at age 9. At age 11, Tucker played the role of young Nala for nine months in a Pantages Theatre production of The Lion King musical. Resident director of The Lion King, Frank Lombardi, wrote about Tucker: "Her talent is extraordinary. So much so that upon realizing her skills as a singer, one of our composers added a complex vocal arrangement to one of the original songs. Lisa sang with a simplicity and beauty that made it seem effortless, even though it actually took great skill and concentration." When Tucker was 13, she was a finalist on Star Search and then released her first LP, Please Come Home for Christmas. She graduated high school in 2006, after attending La Palma, California's John F. Kennedy High School. American Idol At the age of 16, she auditioned for the fifth season of American Idol in Denver, Colorado with One Moment in Time by Whitney Houston where she amazed the judges, with Simon Cowell declaring, "Wow. I think the best 16-year-old we've ever had throughout this whole competition." Later, the judges made a unanimous decision to put her through to the season's final 24. America voted her through to the top 12. While she was on American Idol she attended high-school classes with former Idol finalists Paris Bennett and Kevin Covais. Tucker was eliminated on March 29, 2006, after being in the bottom 3 with Katharine McPhee and Ace Young. Tucker finished at tenth place on the show. She then performed on the American Idols Live! Tour 2006 tour, performing "Someone Saved My Life Tonight" and "Your Song" by Elton John. A review by Michael Slezak in Entertainment Weekly described her performance as the "most surprising," based on the show, and said that she had "the night's strongest showing among the women, sitting down at the piano to offer a restrained, heartfelt rendition of Elton John’s "Your Song" — with no accompaniment from the band." Post-Idol Tucker has performed at numerous local events in Orange and Los Angeles counties including singing the national anthem at Lakers, Clippers, Angels, and Mighty Ducks games. She sang on the city of Anaheim float in the 118th Tournament of Roses parade. Tucker was invited to tour the U.S. Air Force bases in Europe to promote the kickoff of the annual USAFE Services Xtreme Summer Program. She made a guest appearance on The O.C. playing herself in the prom episode. She was in the third and fourth seasons Zoey 101 as Lisa Perkins; her first appearance was in the episode "Michael Loves Lisa", which aired on January 7, 2007. In August 2007, Tucker was featured on the reality TV show "Dr. 90210" as the singing instructor for Dr. Rey's children. She was cast for the pilot of the FOX series Born in the USA, also by 19 Entertainment. She had a recurring role on The Game, where she played Pucci Wright in the third season. She also had a recurring role as Greta Martin in The Vampire Diaries. Tucker sang "Then Came You" with Dionne Warwick on Warwick's new album, My Friends & Me. Tucker performed as a special guest at Lord Rhaburn's Music Awards Show in Belize. Tucker was formerly signed to recording artist Ne-Yo's production company Compound Entertainment and had a recording deal through Island Def Jam. In July 2020, she released a country-folk ballad titled "Fickle." Discography Filmography References External links Lisa Tucker on Instagram 1989 births Actresses from Orange County, California 20th-century African-American women singers American child singers American Idol participants American people of Belizean descent Living people Musicians from Anaheim, California Musicians from Newport Beach, California Singers from California Actresses from Newport Beach, California American television actresses African-American actresses American musical theatre actresses 21st-century American women singers 21st-century American singers 21st-century African-American women singers
James Allan Britton (born March 25, 1944) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1967 to 1971 with the Atlanta Braves and Montreal Expos. He was tall and weighed 225 pounds. Career Britton was born in North Tonawanda, New York and attended Tonawanda High School. In 1961, Britton refused a football scholarship to Penn State University and signed as an amateur free agent with the Baltimore Orioles. On November 26, 1962, the Braves drafted him in the first-year draft. On September 20, 1967, at the age of 23, Britton made his Major League debut with the Braves. During this game he gave up a three-run home run to Johnny Bench, the first of Bench's career. Perhaps his best season in the Major Leagues was his second: in 34 games, he had an ERA of 3.10. On December 2, 1969, Britton was traded with Don Johnson, a minor leaguer, to the Montreal Expos for pitcher Larry Jaster. Expected to be a spot starter the following season, he missed that season due to arm trouble. On September 25, 1971, Britton played his final major league game. As a batter, Britton hit .127. The highlight of his hitting career would be the double he hit in 1969. Defensively, Britton committed two errors in his career for a .952 fielding percentage. During his career, he wore three numbers: 27 in 1967, 42 in 1968 and 1969, and 27 in 1971. After his baseball career ended, Britton served as a special agent with the FBI. Personal life Britton's father suffered a fatal heart attack while watching Britton bat for the Richmond Braves during the ninth inning of 1967 game in Rochester, New York. Braves manager Lum Harris told Britton only that his father had fainted and sent him out to pitch the bottom of the ninth inning. References External links Baseball-Almanac.com Baseball Gauge Retrosheet.org Venezuelan Professional Baseball League 1944 births Living people American expatriate baseball players in Canada Atlanta Braves players Austin Braves players Baseball players from New York (state) Bluefield Orioles players Boise Braves players Greenville Braves players Leones del Caracas players American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela Major League Baseball pitchers Montreal Expos players Peninsula Whips players Penn State Nittany Lions baseball players Pennsylvania State University alumni People from North Tonawanda, New York Richmond Braves players University at Buffalo alumni University of Tennessee alumni Yakima Braves players
"The Final Cut" is the title track from Pink Floyd's 1983 album The Final Cut. Background This song tells of a man's isolation, depression, sexual repression and rejection. At the end of the song he attempts suicide but "never had the nerve to make the final cut". Additionally, the song may be told from its main character of Pink. "The Final Cut" is one of four songs (along with "The Hero's Return", "One of the Few", and "Your Possible Pasts") used in The Final Cut that had been previously rejected from The Wall. This song is in the video version of the album The Final Cut Video EP. The song made an appearance as the B-side of the "Selections from the Final Cut" radio promo single (with "Your Possible Pasts" on the A-side.) It also appears in the film Strange Frame. Personnel Roger Waters – vocals, bass guitar, acoustic guitar, tape effects David Gilmour – guitar, backing vocals Nick Mason – drums, tambourine with: Michael Kamen – piano, harmonium, orchestrations Cultural references The album The Dark Side of the Moog VI (1997) by Klaus Schulze and Pete Namlook is subtitled "The Final DAT". References 1983 songs Pink Floyd songs Rock ballads Anti-war songs Songs about suicide Songs about mental health Songs written by Roger Waters Song recordings produced by Roger Waters
Four Deadly Questions was an American band from Brooklyn, New York, made up of ex-members of Dick Army and Books Lie (who were signed to Level Plane). Most DIY bands and Recess Records affiliates utilize this band for setting up gigs in the New York City area as all members of this band have been in the punk scene for many years and have access to setting up shows for bands who would otherwise have no way of booking themselves at larger clubs. Discography Self-titled 7-inch EP - Geykido Comet Records 2004 This Just In... Benefit For Indy Media - Geykido Comet Records 2005 Split CD with The Answer Lies - Geykido Comet Records 2006 Chemical X DVD music video compilation - Geykido Comet Records 2008 Interesting fact In the late 1990s, Recess Records put out a benefit CD (entitled 'Workers Comp') for Dawn (previous Four Deadly Questions singer) after she was assaulted in NYC one night and stabbed in the eye for all her money. Blag Dahlia produced and mastered the CD which featured bands such as Dillinger Four, Boris the Sprinkler, Dick Army (whose band members later went on to form Four Deadly Questions), and No Fraud among others. Band in the media Maximum Rocknroll Write up for debut ep: The songs on the A-side have a raucous yet melodic punk tinge, sort of like early Jawbreaker mixed with Against Me! The first song on the B-side, "Gotta Let it Go," however, rocks with more of a bootylicious swagger, and the boy-girl interplay is evocative of Cupid Car Club. "These Creeping Doubts" round off the fun in the style of the A-side tunes. I believe this is the first release from these Brooklynites and it hints at a bright future. (AM) MAXIMUMROCKNROLL, Issue No. 257, October 2004 Razorcake Magazine Write up for debut ep: I can't say enough good things about Dick Army. Yeah, maybe they were just a cheap, goofy Black Flag knockoff, but damnit, they had that underdog charm and you've just gotta love that. Matt from Dick Army started this band, and to say that I was looking forward to it would be a huge understatement. It lived up to my expectations. Where Dick Army mostly played simple, sloppy three-chord punk, FOUR DEADLY QUESTIONS sound a lot more original and hard-to-pin-down. It's still fun and scrappy, to be sure, and it's not like they turned into Hawkwind or anything, but the choppy rhythms and female backups make this stand out a whole lot. Me likey. (Josh) Razorcake Issue No. 22, October/November 2004 References External links GC Records Geykido Comet Records Punk rock groups from New York (state) Musical groups from Brooklyn
An active chromatin sequence (ACS) is a region of DNA in a eukaryotic chromosome in which histone modifications such as acetylation lead to exposure of the DNA sequence thus allowing binding of transcription factors and transcription to take place. Active chromatin may also be called euchromatin. ACSs may occur in non-expressed gene regions which are assumed to be "poised" for transcription. The sequence once exposed often contains a promoter to begin transcription. At this site acetylation or methylation can take place causing a conformational change to the chromatin. At the active chromatin sequence site deacetylation can caused the gene to be repressed if not being expressed. See also Chromatin References Genetics
Achill Island (; ) is the largest of the Irish isles and lies off the west coast of Ireland in County Mayo. It has a population of 2,345. Its area is . Achill is attached to the mainland by Michael Davitt Bridge, between the villages of Achill Sound and Polranny. A bridge was first completed here in 1887. Other centres of population include the villages of Keel, Dooagh, Dooega, Dooniver, and Dugort. The parish's main Gaelic football pitch and secondary school are on the mainland at Polranny. Early human settlements are believed to have been established on Achill around 3000 BC. The island is 87% peat bog. The parish of Achill consists of Achill Island, Achillbeg, Inishbiggle and the Corraun Peninsula. Roughly half of the island, including the villages of Achill Sound and Bunacurry are in the Gaeltacht (traditional Irish-speaking region) of Ireland, although the vast majority of the island's population speaks English as their daily language. History It is believed that at the end of the Neolithic Period (around 4000 BC), Achill had a population of 500–1,000 people. The island would have been mostly forest until the Neolithic people began crop cultivation. Settlement increased during the Iron Age, and the dispersal of small promontory forts around the coast indicate the warlike nature of the times. Megalithic tombs and forts can be seen at Slievemore, along the Atlantic Drive and on Achillbeg. Overlords Achill Island lies in the Barony of Burrishoole, in the territory of ancient Umhall (Umhall Uactarach and Umhall Ioctarach), that originally encompassed an area extending from the County Galway/Mayo border to Achill Head. The hereditary chieftains of Umhall were the O'Malleys, recorded in the area in 814 AD when they successfully repelled an onslaught by the Vikings in Clew Bay. The Anglo-Norman invasion of Connacht in 1235 AD saw the territory of Umhall taken over by the Butlers and later by the de Burgos. The Butler Lordship of Burrishoole continued into the late 14th century when Thomas le Botiller was recorded as being in possession of Akkyll and Owyll. Immigration In the 17th and 18th centuries, there was much migration to Achill from other parts of Ireland, particularly Ulster, due to the political and religious turmoil of the time. For a while, there were two different dialects of Irish being spoken on Achill. This led to many townlands being recorded as having two names during the 1824 Ordnance Survey, and some maps today give different names for the same place. Achill Irish still has many traces of Ulster Irish. In the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, seasonal migration of farm workers to Scotland to pick potatoes took place; these squads of 'tattie howkers' were known as Achill workers, although not all were from Achill, and were organised for potato merchants by gaffers or gangers. Squads travelled from farm to farm to harvest the crop and were allocated basic accommodation. On 15 September 1937 ten young migrant potato pickers from Achill died in a fire at Kirkintilloch. Specific historical sites and events Grace O'Malley's Castle Carrickkildavnet Castle is a 15th-century tower house associated with the O'Malley Clan, who were once a ruling family of Achill. Grace O' Malley, or Granuaile, the most famous of the O'Malleys, was born on Clare Island around 1530. Her father was the chieftain of the barony of Murrisk. The O'Malleys were a powerful seafaring family, who traded widely. Grace became a fearless leader and gained fame as a sea captain and pirate. She is reputed to have met with Queen Elizabeth I in 1593. She died around 1603 and is buried in the O'Malley family tomb on Clare Island. Achill Mission One of Achill's most famous historical sites is that of the Achill Mission or 'the Colony' at Dugort. In 1831, the Anglican (Church of Ireland) Rev Edward Nangle founded a mission at Dugort. The Mission included schools, cottages, an orphanage, an infirmary and a guesthouse. The Colony gave rise to mixed assessments, particularly during the Great Famine when charges of "souperism" were leveled against Nangle. The provision of food across the Achill Mission schools - which also provided 'scriptural' religious instruction - was particularly controversial. For almost forty years, Nangle edited a newspaper called the Achill Missionary Herald and Western Witness, which was printed in Achill. He expanded his mission into Mweelin, Kilgeever, West Achill where a school, church, rectory, cottages and a training school were built. Edward's wife, Eliza, suffered poor health in Achill and died in 1852; she is buried with six of the Nangle children on the slopes of Slievemore in North Achill. In 1848, at the height of the Great Famine, the Achill Mission published a prospectus seeking to raise funds for the acquisition of significant additional lands from Sir Richard O'Donnell. The document gives an overview, from the Mission's perspective, of its activities in Achill over the previous decade and a half including considerable sectarian unrest. In 1851, Edward Nangle confirmed the purchase of the land which made the Achill Mission the largest landowner on the island. The Achill Mission began to decline slowly after Nangle was moved from Achill and closed in the 1880s. When Edward Nangle died in 1883 there were opposing views on his legacy. Railway In 1894, the Westport – Newport railway line was extended to Achill Sound. The railway station is now a hostel. The train provided a great service to Achill, but it also is said to have fulfilled an ancient prophecy. Brian Rua O' Cearbhain had prophesied that 'carts on iron wheels' would carry bodies into Achill on their first and last journey. In 1894, the first train on the Achill railway carried the bodies of victims of the Clew Bay Drowning. This tragedy occurred when a boat overturned in Clew Bay, drowning thirty-two young people. They had been going to meet the steamer which would take them to Scotland for potato picking. The Kirkintilloch Fire in 1937 almost fulfilled the second part of the prophecy when the bodies of ten victims were carried by rail to Achill. While it was not literally the last train, the railway closed just two weeks later. These people had died in a fire in a bothy in Kirkintilloch. This term referred to the temporary accommodation provided for those who went to Scotland to pick potatoes, a migratory pattern that had been established in the early nineteenth century. Kildamhnait Kildamhnait on the south-east coast of Achill is named after St. Damhnait, or Dymphna, who founded a church there in the 7th century. There is also a holy well just outside the graveyard. The present church was built in the 1700s and the graveyard contains memorials to the victims of two of Achill's greatest tragedies, the Kirchintilloch Fire (1937) and the Clew Bay Drowning (1894). The Monastery In 1852, Dr John MacHale, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Tuam, purchased land in Bunnacurry, on which a Franciscan Monastery was established, which, for many years, provided an education for local children. The building of the monastery was marked by a conflict between the Protestants of the mission colony and the workers building the monastery. The dispute is known in the island folklore as the Battle of the Stones. A notable monk who lived at the monastery for almost thirty years was Brother Paul Carney. He wrote a biography of James Lynchehaun who rose to either fame or infamy (depending on whom you spoke to) following his conviction for the 1894 attack on an Englishwoman named Agnes MacDonnell, which left her face disfigured, and the burning of her home, Valley House, Tonatanvally, North Achill. (The home was rebuilt and Mrs MacDonnell died there in 1923, while Lynchehaun escaped to the USA after serving 7 years and successfully resisted extradition but spent his last years in Scotland, where he died.) Brother Carney's-great grandniece, Patricia Byrne, write her own account of Mrs MacDonnell and Lynchehaun, entitled The Veiled Woman of Achill. Brother Carney also wrote accounts of his lengthy fundraising trips across the U.S. at the start of the 20th century. The ruins of this monastery are still to be seen in Bunnacurry today. Valley House The historic Valley House is located in Tonatanvally, "The Valley", near Dugort, in the northeast of Achill Island. The present building sits on the site of a hunting lodge built by the Earl of Cavan in the 19th century. Its notoriety arises from an incident in 1894 in which the then owner, an Englishwoman, Mrs Agnes McDonnell, was savagely beaten and the house set alight by a local man, James Lynchehaun. Lynchehaun had been employed by McDonnell as her land agent, but the two fell out and he was sacked and told to quit his accommodation on her estate. A lengthy legal battle ensued, with Lynchehaun refusing to leave. At the time, in the 1890s, the issue of land ownership in Ireland was politically charged. After the events at the Valley House in 1895, Lynchehaun would falsely claim his actions were carried out on behalf of the Irish Republican Brotherhood and motivated by politics. He escaped custody after serving seven years and fled to the United States seeking political asylum (although Michael Davitt refused to shake his hand, calling Lynchehaun a "murderer"), where he successfully defeated legal attempts by the British authorities to have him extradited to face charges arising from the attack and the burning of the Valley House. Agnes McDonnell suffered terrible injuries from the attack but survived and lived for another 23 years, dying in 1923. Lynchehaun is said to have returned to Achill on two occasions, once in disguise as an American tourist, and eventually died in Girvan, Scotland, in 1937. The Valley House is now a hostel and bar. The Deserted Village Close by Dugort, at the base of Slievemore mountain lies the Deserted Village. There are approximately 80 ruined houses in the village. The houses were built of unmortared stone, which means that no cement or mortar was used to hold the stones together. Each house consisted of just one room and this room was used as a kitchen, living room, bedroom and even a stable. If one looks at the fields around the Deserted Village and right up the mountain, one can see the tracks in the fields of 'lazy beds', which is the way crops like potatoes were grown. In Achill, as in many areas of Ireland, a system called 'Rundale' was used for farming. This meant that the land around a village was rented from a landlord. This land was then shared by all the villagers to graze their cattle and sheep. Each family would then have two or three small pieces of land scattered about the village, which they used to grow crops. For many years people lived in the village and then in 1845 Famine struck in Achill as it did in the rest of Ireland. Most of the families moved to the nearby village of Dooagh, which is beside the sea, while some others emigrated. Living beside the sea meant that fish and shellfish could be used for food. The village was completely abandoned which is where the name 'Deserted Village' came from. No one has lived in these houses since the time of the Famine, however, the families that moved to Dooagh and their descendants, continued to use the village as a 'booley village'. This means that during the summer season, the younger members of the family, teenage boys and girls, would take the cattle to graze on the hillside and they would stay in the houses of the Deserted Village. This custom continued until the 1940s. Boolying was also carried out in other areas of Achill, including Annagh on Croaghaun mountain and in Curraun. At Ailt, Kildownet, the remains of a similar deserted village can be found. This village was deserted in 1855 when the tenants were evicted by the local landlord so the land could be used for cattle grazing; the tenants were forced to rent holdings in Currane, Dooega and Slievemore. Others emigrated to America. Archaeology Recent archaeological research suggests the village was occupied year-round at least as early as the 19th century, though it is known to have served as a seasonally occupied 'booley village' by the first half of the 20th century. A booley village (a number of which exist in a ruined state on the island) is a village occupied only during part of the year, such as a resort community, a lake community, or (as the case on Achill) a place to live while tending flocks or herds of ruminants during winter or summer pasturing. Specifically, some of the people of Dooagh and Pollagh would migrate in the summer to Slievemore and then go back to Dooagh in the autumn. The summer 2009 field school excavated Round House 2 on Slievemore Mountain under the direction of archaeologist Stuart Rathbone. Only the outside north wall, entrance way and inside of the Round House were completely excavated. From 2004 to 2006, the Achill Island Maritime Archaeology Project directed by Chuck Meide was sponsored by the College of William and Mary, the Institute of Maritime History, the Achill Folklife Centre (now the Achill Archaeology Centre), and the Lighthouse Archaeological Maritime Program (LAMP). This project focused on the documentation of archaeological resources related to Achill's rich maritime heritage. Maritime archaeologists recorded a 19th-century fishing station, an ice house, boat house ruins, a number of anchors which had been salvaged from the sea, 19th-century and more recent currach pens, a number of traditional vernacular watercraft including a possibly 100-year-old Achill yawl, and the remains of four historic shipwrecks. Other places of interest The cliffs of Croaghaun on the western end of the island are the third highest sea cliffs in Europe but are inaccessible by road. Near the westernmost point of Achill, Achill Head, is Keem Bay. Keel Beach is quite popular with tourists and some locals as a surfing location. South of Keem beach is Moytoge Head, which with its rounded appearance drops dramatically down to the ocean. An old British observation post, built during World War I to prevent the Germans from landing arms for the Irish Republican Army, is still standing on Moytoge. During the Second World War this post was rebuilt by the Irish Defence Forces as a lookout post for the Coast Watching Service wing of the Defence Forces. It operated from 1939 to 1945. The mountain of Slievemore, (672 m) rises dramatically in the north of the island and the Atlantic Drive (along the south/west of the island) has some scenic views. On the slopes of Slievemore, there is an abandoned village, the "Deserted Village", traditionally thought to be a remnant village from An Gorta Mór (The Great Hunger of 1845–1849). Just west of the deserted village is an old Martello tower, again built by the British to warn of any possible French invasion during the Napoleonic Wars. The area also boasts an approximately 5000-year-old Neolithic tomb. Achillbeg (, Little Achill) is a small island just off Achill's southern tip. Its inhabitants were resettled on Achill in the 1960s. A plaque to Johnny Kilbane is situated on Achillbeg and was erected to celebrate 100 years since his first championship win. The villages of Dooniver and Askill have picturesque scenery and the cycle route is popular with tourists. Caisleán Ghráinne, also known as Kildownet Castle, is a small tower house built in the early 1400s. It is located in Cloughmore, on the south of Achill Island. It is noted for its associations with Grace O'Malley, along with the larger Rockfleet Castle in Newport. Economy While a number of attempts at setting up small industrial units on the island have been made, its economy is largely dependent on tourism. Subventions from Achill people working abroad allowed many families to remain living in Achill throughout the 19th and 20th centuries. In the past, fishing was a significant activity but this aspect of the economy is small now. At one stage, the island was known for its shark fishing, basking shark in particular was fished for its valuable shark liver oil. There was a big spurt of growth in tourism in the 1960s and 1970s before which life was tough and difficult on the island. Despite healthy visitor numbers each year, the common perception is that tourism in Achill has been slowly declining since its heyday. Currently, the largest employers on Achill are two hotels. Religion Most people on Achill are either Roman Catholic or Anglican (Church of Ireland). Overview of the churches Catholic: Bunnacurry Church (Saint Josephs) The Valley Church; Only open for certain events. Dookinella Church Currane Church Pollagh Church Derreens Church Dooega Church Belfarsed Church Achill Sound Church Church of Ireland: Dugort Church (St. Thomas's church) Innisbiggle Island church Other: House of Prayer, Achill Artists For almost two centuries, a number of artists have had a close relationship with Achill Island, including the landscape painter Paul Henry. Within the emerging Irish Free State, Paul Henry's landscapes from Achill and other areas reinforced a vision of Ireland of communities living in harmony with the land. He lived in Achill for almost a decade with his wife, artist Grace Henry and, while using similar subject-matter, the pair developed very different styles. This relationship of artists with Achill was particularly intense in the early decades of the twentieth century when Eva O'Flaherty (1874-1963) became a focal point for artistic networking on the island. A network of over 200 artists linked to Achill is charted in "Achill Painters - An Island History" and includes painters such as the Belgian Marie Howet, the American Robert Henri, the modernist painter Mainie Jellett and contemporary artist Camille Souter. The 2018 Coming Home Art & The Great Hunger exhibition, in partnership with The Great Hunger Museum of Quinnipiac University, USA, featured Achill's Deserted Village and the island lazy beds prominently in works by Geraldine O'Reilly and Alanna O'Kelly; also included was an 1873 painting, 'Cottage, Achill Island' by Alexander Williams - one of the first artists to open up the island to a wider audience. Education Hedge schools existed in most villages of Achill in various periods of history. A university was started by the missions to Achill in Mweelin. In the modern age, there used to be two secondary schools in Achill, Mc Hale College and Scoil Damhnait. However, in August 2011, the two schools amalgamated to form Coláiste Pobail Acla. For primary education, there are eight national schools including Bullsmouth NS, Valley NS, Bunnacurry NS, Dookinella NS, Dooagh NS, Saula NS, Achill Sound NS and Tonragee NS. National schools closed down include Dooega NS, Crumpaun NS, Ashleam NS and Currane NS. Transport Rail Achill railway station, still on the mainland and not on the island, was opened by the Midland Great Western Railway on 13 May 1895, the terminus of its line from Westport via Newport and Mulranny. The station, and the line, were closed by the Great Southern Railways on 1 October 1937. The Great Western Greenway, created during 2010 and 2011, follows the line's route and has proved to be very successful in attracting visitors to Achill and the surrounding areas. Road The R319 road is the main road onto the island. Bus Bus Éireann's route 450 operates several times daily to Westport and Louisburgh from the island's scattered villages. Bus Éireann also provides transport for the area's secondary school children. Cuisine Achill Island has several bars, cafes and restaurants. The island's Atlantic location means that seafood, including lobster, mussels, salmon, trout and winkles, are common meals. With a large sheep and cow populations, lamb and beef are popular on the island too. Sport Achill has a Gaelic football club which competes in the junior championship and division 1E of the Mayo League. There are also Achill Rovers which play in the Mayo Association Football League. There is a 9-hole links golf course on the island. Outdoor activities can be done through Achill Outdoor Education Centre. Achill Island's rugged landscape and the surrounding ocean offers multiple locations for outdoor adventure activities, like surfing, kite-surfing and sea kayaking. Fishing and watersports are also common. Sailing regattas featuring a local vessel type, the Achill Yawl, have been popular since the 19th century, though most present-day yawls, unlike their traditional working boat ancestors, have been structurally modified to promote greater speed under sail. The island's waters and underwater sites are occasionally visited by scuba divers, though Achill's unpredictable weather generally has precluded a commercially successful recreational diving industry. Population In 2016, the population was 2,594, with 5.2% claiming they spoke Irish on a daily basis outside the education system. The island's population has declined from around 6,000 before the Great Famine of the mid-19th century. Demographics The table below reports data on Achill Island's population taken from Discover the Islands of Ireland (Alex Ritsema, Collins Press, 1999) and the census of Ireland. Architecture Few inhabited houses date from before the 20th century, though there are many examples of abandoned stone structures dating to the 19th century. The best known of these earlier can be seen in the "Deserted Village" ruins near the graveyard at the foot of Slievemore. Even the houses in this village represent a relatively comfortable class of dwelling as, even as recently as a hundred years ago, some people still used "Beehive" style houses (small circular single-roomed dwellings with a hole in the ceiling to let out smoke). Many of the oldest inhabited cottages date from the activities of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland—a body set up around the turn of the 20th century in Ireland to improve the welfare of the inhabitants of small villages and towns. Most of the homes in Achill at the time were very small and tightly packed together in villages. The CDB subsidised the building of new, more spacious (though still small by modern standards) homes outside of the traditional villages. Notable people Heinrich Böll, German writer who spent several summers with his family and later lived several months per year on the island Charles Boycott (1832–1897), unpopular landowner from whom the term boycott arose Nancy Corrigan, pioneer aviator, second female commercial pilot in the US. Dermot Freyer (1883–1970), writer who opened a hotel on the island Paul Henry, artist, stayed on the island for a number of years in the early 1900s James Kilbane, singer, lives on the island Johnny Kilbane, boxer Saoirse McHugh, former Green Party politician Danny McNamara, musician Richard McNamara, musician Eva O’Flaherty, Nationalist, model and milliner Thomas Patten, from Dooega. Died during the Siege of Madrid in December 1936 Honor Tracy, author, lived there until her death in 1989 Literature Heinrich Böll: Irisches Tagebuch, Berlin, 1957 Bob Kingston The Deserted Village at Slievemore, Castlebar, 1990 Theresa McDonald: Achill: 5000 B.C. to 1900 A.D.: Archeology History Folklore, I.A.S. Publications [1992] Rosa Meehan: The Story of Mayo, Castlebar, 2003 James Carney: The Playboy & the Yellow lady, 1986 Poolbeg Hugo Hamilton: The Island of Talking, 2007 Kevin Barry: Beatlebone, 2015 Mealla Nī Ghiobúin: Dugort, Achill Island 1831–1861: The Rise and Fall of a Missionary Community, 2001 Patricia Byrne: The Veiled Woman of Achill – Island Outrage & A Playboy Drama, 2012 Mary J. Murphy: Achill's Eva O'Flaherty – Forgotten Island Heroine, 2011 Patricia Byrne: The Preacher and The Prelate – The Achill Mission Colony and The Battle for Souls in Famine Ireland, 2018 Mary J. Murphy, Achill Painters -An Island History, 2020 Michael Gallagher, Stick on Stone, 2013 In popular culture The island is featured throughout the film The Banshees of Inisherin in various locations on the island including Keem Bay, Cloughmore, and Purteen Pier. The film My Sailor My Love features Achill island. The island is the primary setting of the visual novel If Found.... See also Achillbeg Innisbiggle List of islands of County Mayo References External links Colaiste Pobail Acla students project on the Achill area Achill Island Maritime Archaeology Project VisitAchill multilingual visitor's site Islands of County Mayo Gaeltacht places in County Mayo
The Barber coinage consists of a dime, quarter, and half dollar designed by United States Bureau of the Mint Chief Engraver Charles E. Barber. They were minted between 1892 and 1916, though no half dollars were struck in the final year of the series. By the late 1880s, there were increasing calls for the replacement of the Seated Liberty design, used since the 1830s on most denominations of silver coins. In 1891, Mint Director Edward O. Leech, having been authorized by Congress to approve coin redesigns, ordered a competition, seeking a new look for the silver coins. As only the winner would receive a cash prize, invited artists refused to participate and no entry from the public proved suitable. Leech instructed Barber to prepare new designs for the dime, quarter, and half dollar, and after the chief engraver made changes to secure Leech's endorsement, they were approved by President Benjamin Harrison in November 1891. Striking of the new coins began the following January. Public and artistic opinion of the new pieces was, and remains, mixed. In 1915, Mint officials began plans to replace them once the design's minimum term expired in 1916. The Mint issued Barber dimes and quarters in 1916 to meet commercial demand, but before the end of the year, the Mercury dime, Standing Liberty quarter, and Walking Liberty half dollar had begun production. Most dates in the Barber coin series are not difficult to obtain, but the 1894 dime struck at the San Francisco Mint (1894-S), with a mintage of 24, is a great rarity. Background Charles Barber Charles E. Barber was born in London in 1840. His grandfather, John Barber, led the family to America in the early 1850s. Both John and his son William were engravers and Charles followed in their footsteps. The Barber family initially lived in Boston upon their arrival to the United States, though they later moved to Providence to allow William to work for the Gorham Manufacturing Company. William Barber's skills came to the attention of Mint Chief Engraver James B. Longacre, who hired him as an assistant engraver in 1865; when Longacre died in 1869, William Barber became chief engraver and Charles was hired as an assistant engraver. William Barber died on August 31, 1879, of an illness contracted after swimming at Atlantic City, New Jersey. His son applied for the position of chief engraver, as did George T. Morgan, another British-born engraver hired by the Mint. In early December 1879, Treasury Secretary John Sherman, Mint Director Horatio Burchard, and Philadelphia Mint Superintendent A. Loudon Snowden met to determine the issue. They decided to recommend the appointment of Barber, who was subsequently nominated by President Rutherford B. Hayes and in February 1880, was confirmed by the Senate. Barber would serve nine presidents in the position, remaining until his death in 1917, when Morgan would succeed him. Coinage redesign was being considered during Barber's early years as chief engraver. Superintendent Snowden believed that the base-metal coins then being struck (the one-, three-, and five-cent pieces) should have uniform designs, as did many of the silver pieces, and also some gold coins. He had Barber create experimental pattern coins. In spite of Snowden's desires, the only design modified was that of the five-cent coin, or nickel; Barber's design, known as the Liberty Head nickel, entered production in 1883. The new coin had its denomination designated by a Roman numeral "V" on the reverse; the three-cent coin had always had a "III" to designate its denomination. Enterprising fraudsters soon realized that the nickel and half eagle (or five-dollar gold piece) were close in size, and plated the base metal coins to pass to the unwary. Amid public ridicule of the Mint, production came to a halt until Barber hastily added the word "cents" to the reverse of his design. Movement towards redesign For much of the second half of the 19th century, most U.S. silver coins bore a design of a seated Liberty. This design had been created by Christian Gobrecht, an engraver at the United States Mint in Philadelphia, after a sketch by artist Thomas Sully, and introduced to U.S. coins in the late 1830s. The design reflected an English influence, and as artistic tastes changed over time, was increasingly disliked in the United States. In 1876, The Galaxy magazine said of the then current silver coins: Public dissatisfaction with the newly-issued Morgan dollar led the Mint's engravers to submit designs for the smaller silver coins in 1879. Among those who called for new coinage was editor Richard Watson Gilder of The Century Illustrated Monthly Magazine. Sometime in the early 1880s, he, along with one of his reporters and sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens visited Mint Director Burchard to argue for the creation of new designs. They brought along classic Greek and Roman coins in an attempt to persuade Burchard that the coinage could easily be made more beautiful. The visitors left disappointed, after learning that Burchard considered the much-criticized Morgan dollar as beautiful as any of them. In 1885, Burchard was succeeded as Mint director by James Kimball. The new director was more receptive to Gilder's ideas and in 1887 announced a competition for new designs for the non-gold coinage. These plans were scuttled when Vermont Senator Justin Morrill questioned the Mint's authority to produce new designs. The Mint had claimed authority under the Coinage Act of 1873 in issuing the Morgan dollar in 1878 and the Liberty Head nickel in 1883. Morrill was a supporter of coin redesign and had in the past introduced bills to accomplish this; he felt, however, that this could not be done without an act of Congress. Kimball submitted the issue to government lawyers; they indicated that the Mint lacked the claimed authority. All three men worked to secure a bill to authorize new designs: Morrill by introducing and pressing legislation, Kimball by lobbying for the authority in his annual report, and Gilder by orchestrating favorable coverage. With legislators busy with other matters, it was not until September 26, 1890, that President Benjamin Harrison signed legislation making all denominations of U.S. coins available for immediate redesign by the Mint upon obtaining the Secretary of the Treasury's approval. Each coin could thereafter be altered from the 25th year after it was first produced; for example, a coin first struck in 1892 would be eligible for redesign in 1916. Inception Three days before the signing of the 1890 act, Barber wrote to the superintendent of the Philadelphia Mint, Oliver Bosbyshell, setting forth proposed terms of a competition to select new coin designs. Barber suggested that entrants be required to submit models, as opposed to drawings, and that the designs be in low relief, which was used for coins. He proposed that the entries include the lettering and denomination, as submissions without them would not adequately show the appearance of the finished coin. He received a reply that due to other work, the Mint would not be able to address the question until the spring of 1891. On October 16, 1890, a new Mint director, Edward O. Leech, took office. Leech, aged 38 at the time, had spent his career at the Bureau of the Mint, and was an enthusiastic supporter of redesign. He took the precaution of obtaining recommendations from Barber as to suitable outside artists who might participate in a competition. Since most of the proposed artists were New York-based, Andrew Mason, superintendent of the New York Assay Office, was given the task of finalizing the list of invitees. Leading Mason's list of ten names was that of Saint-Gaudens. Mason sent Leech the recommendations on April 3, 1891; the following day, the Mint director announced the competition, open to the public, but he specifically invited the ten artists named by Mason to participate. Besides Saint-Gaudens, artists asked to compete included Daniel Chester French, Herbert Adams and Kenyon Cox. Although Barber had warned the director that reputable artists would likely not enter a contest in which only the winner received compensation, Leech offered a $500 prize to the winner, and no payments to anyone else. He sought new designs for both sides of the dollar, and for the obverses of the half dollar, quarter, and dime—Leech was content to let the reverses of the Seated Liberty coins continue. By law, an eagle had to appear on the quarter and half dollar, but could not appear on the dime. Most of the artists conferred in New York and responded in a joint letter that they would be willing to participate, but not on the terms set. They proposed a competition with set fees for sketches and designs submitted by the invited artists, to be judged by a jury of their peers, and with the Mint committed to replace the Seated Liberty coins with the result. They also insisted that the same artist create both sides of a given coin, and that more time be given to allow the development of designs. Leech was unable to meet these terms, as there was only enough money available for the single prize. In addition to inviting the ten artists, he had sent thousands of solicitations through the country; a number of designs were submitted in response to the circulars. To judge the submissions, he appointed a jury consisting of Saint-Gaudens, Barber, and Henry Mitchell, a Boston seal engraver and member of the 1890 Assay Commission. The committee met in June 1891 and quickly rejected all entries. Leech was quoted in the press regarding the result of the contest: Barber wrote years later about the competition, "many [entries] were sent in, but Mr. St. Gaudens, who was appointed one of the committee to pass upon designs, objected to everything submitted". Numismatic historian Roger Burdette explained the artistic differences between the two men: Preparation Frustrated at the competition's outcome, Leech instructed Barber on June 11, 1891, to prepare designs for the half dollar, quarter, and dime. As the Morgan dollar was then being heavily struck, the Mint director decided to leave that design unaltered for the time being. For the obverse of the new coins, Leech suggested a depiction of Liberty similar to that on the French coins of the period; he was content that the current reverses be continued. Leech had previously suggested to Barber that he engage outside help if the work was to be done at the Mint; the chief engraver replied that he was aware of no one who could be of help in the preparation of new designs. Leech had spoken with Saint-Gaudens on the same subject; the sculptor stated that only four men in the world were capable of executing high-quality coin designs; three lived in France and he was the fourth. Leech announced the decision to have Barber do the work in July, stating that he had instructed the engraver to prepare designs for presentation to Secretary of the Treasury Charles Foster. In a letter printed in the New York Tribune, Gilder expressed disappointment that the Mint was planning to generate the new designs in-house, feeling that the Mint, essentially a factory for coins, was ill-equipped to generate artistic coin designs. Due to Gilder's prominence in the coinage redesign movement, Leech felt the need to respond personally, which he did in early August. He told Gilder that "artistic designs for coins, that would meet the ideas of an art critic like yourself, and artists generally, are not always adapted for practical coining". He assured Gilder that the designs which Barber had already prepared had met with the approval of Mitchell, though Leech himself had some improvements to suggest to the chief engraver. Barber's first attempt, modeled for the half dollar, disregarded Leech's instructions. Instead of a design based on French coinage, it depicted a standing figure of Columbia, bearing a pileus (a crown fashioned from an olive branch) atop a liberty pole; an eagle spreading its wings stands behind her. The reverse utilized the heraldic eagle from the Great Seal of the United States, enclosed inside a thick oak wreath, with the required legends surrounding the rim. Leech rejected the design, and Barber submitted a revised obverse in mid-September with a head of Liberty similar to that on the adopted coin. Leech got feedback from friends and from Secretary Foster; on September 28, he wrote Barber that Liberty's lips were "rather voluptuous" and directed him to prepare a reverse without the wreath. Barber did so, and pattern coins based on the revised design were struck. Barber complained, in a letter on October 2 to Superintendent Bosbyshell, but intended for Leech, that the constant demands for changes were wasting his time. Leech replied, stating that he did not care how much effort was expended in order to improve the design, especially since, once issued, they would have to be used for 25 years. Barber's reply was transmitted to Leech on October 6 with a cover letter from Acting Superintendent Mark Cobb (Bosbyshell was traveling) stating that Barber "disclaims any intention to be captious and certainly did not intend to question your prerogative as one of the officers designed by law to pass upon new designs for coinage". The letter from Barber was a lengthy technical explanation for various design elements, and requested further advice from Leech if he had preferences; the overall tone was argumentative. Leech chose not to write again; he addressed one concern, about whether the olive branches in the design were rendered accurately, by visiting the National Botanical Garden, obtaining one, and sending it to Barber. The question of how to render the stars (representing the 13 original states) on the coin was posed in the letters; in the end, Leech opted for six-pointed stars on the obverse and five-pointed ones on the reverse. Barber had prepared three versions of the design, each with clouds over the eagle; Leech approved one on October 31 and ordered working dies prepared, but then began to question the presence of the clouds, and had two more versions made. On November 6, President Harrison and his Cabinet considered which of the designs to approve, and chose one without the clouds; the following day, Leech ordered working dies prepared. Barber scaled down his design for the quarter and dime. While the Cabinet approved the designs, members requested that the Mint embolden the words "Liberty" on the obverse and "E Pluribus Unum" on the reverse, believing that these legends would wear away in circulation; despite the resulting changes, this proved to be accurate. For the reverse of the dime, on which, by law, an eagle could not appear, a slight modification of the reverse of the Seated Liberty dime was used, with a wreath of foliage and produce surrounding the words "One Dime". It is uncertain when pattern dimes and quarters were struck, but this was most likely in mid-November 1891. One variety each of pattern dime and quarter are known, whereas five different half dollars are extant; all known Barber coin patterns are in the National Numismatic Collection and none are in private hands. On December 11, Bosbyshell requested a delay in production to mid-January 1892 to allow the dies to be more thoroughly tested; Leech refused. The first Barber coins were struck at the Philadelphia Mint on January 2, 1892, at 9:00 a.m. By the end of the day, all three denominations had been coined. Design All three denominations of the Barber coinage depict a head of Liberty, facing right. She wears a pileus and a small headband inscribed "Liberty". On the quarter and half dollar, the motto "In God We Trust" appears above her head; she is otherwise surrounded with 13 six-pointed stars and the date. On the dime, her head is surrounded with "United States of America" and the year. The reverse of the quarter and the half dollar depicts a heraldic eagle, based on the Great Seal. The bird holds in its mouth a scroll inscribed "E Pluribus Unum" and in its right claws an olive branch; in its left it holds 13 arrows. Above the eagle are 13 five-pointed stars; it is surrounded by the name of the country and by the coin's denomination. The reverse of the dime depicts a wreath of corn, wheat, maple and oak leaves surrounding the words "One Dime". Barber's monogram "B" is on the cutoff of Liberty's neck; the mint mark, on the dime, is placed beneath the wreath on the reverse and beneath the eagle on the larger denominations. Barber's head of Liberty is purely classical, and is rendered in the Roman style. The head is modeled after the French "Ceres" silver coinage of the late 19th century, but bears a resemblance to Morgan's design for the silver dollar. This did not escape numismatist Walter Breen in his comprehensive guide to U.S. coins: "Barber must have been feeling unusually lazy. He left the [dime] rev[erse] design as it had been since 1860, with minor simplifications. His obv[erse] was a mirror image of the Morgan dollar head, with much of Miss Anna Willess Williams' back hair cropped off, the rest concealed ... within a disproportionately large cap." In his text introducing the Barber quarter, Breen states, "the whole composition is Germanically stolid, prosy, crowded (especially on rev[erse]), and without discernible merit aside from the technical one of low relief". Burdette terms Barber's designs, "typically mediocre imitations of the current French-style—hardly better than the arcane seated Liberty type they replaced". Art historian Cornelius Vermeule, in his work on U.S. coins, took a more positive view of Barber's coinage: "the last word as to their aesthetic merits has yet to be written. Little admired or collected for more than three generations after their appearance [writing in 1971], these essentially conservative but most dignified coins have suddenly become extremely popular with collectors". Vermeule argued that "the designs of Barber's coins were more attuned to the times than he perhaps realized. The plumpish, matronly gravitas of Liberty had come to America seven years earlier in the person of Frédéric Bartholdi's giant statue [the Statue of Liberty] ... " He suggested that the features of Daniel Chester French's huge statue Republic, created for the World Columbian Exposition, "were absolutely in harmony with what Charles Barber had created for the coinage in the year of the Fair's opening". Reception Leech released the new designs to the press about November 10, 1891. According to numismatist David Lange, the new coinage received mixed reviews: "while the general press and public seemed satisfied with the new dime, quarter dollar, and half dollar, numismatists were either mildly disappointed with the new coins or remained silent on the matter." Moran records a number of unfavorable reviews, without listing any favorable ones. Vermeule stated that "the initial comment on the new coinage concerned the novelty of a contest, its failure, and the inevitable result that the commission would go, as always, to the Chief Engraver [Barber] and his staff." George Heath, editor of The Numismatist, discussed the new pieces: "the mechanical work is all that could be desired, and it is probable that owing to the conventional rut in which our mint authorities seem obliged to keep, this is the best that could be done". W.T.R. Martin wrote in the American Journal of Numismatics, "The general effect is pleasing, of the three the Dime is to many the most attractive piece. The head of Liberty is dignified, but although the silly story has been started that the profile is that of a 'reigning belle' of New York, she can hardly be called a beauty; there is a suggestion ... of the classic heads on some of the Roman coins, and a much stronger suggestion of the head on the French Francs of 1871 and onward ... these coins are an advance on what has hitherto been accomplished, but there is yet a long distance between them and the ideal National coin." Other reactions were unfavorable. Artist Kenyon Cox, one of the invited artists to the 1891 competition, stated, "I think it disgraceful that this great country should have such a coin as this." Harper's Weekly proclaimed, "The mountain had labored and brought forth a mouse." Saint-Gaudens was also interviewed, and as author Moran put it, "injudiciously ranted": "This is inept; this looks like it had been designed by a young lady of sixteen, a miss who had taken only a few lessons in modeling. It is beneath criticism ... There are hundreds of artists in this country, any of whom, with the aid of a designer, could have made a very respectable coin, which this is not." Production and collecting Soon after issuance of the new quarters, the Mint received complaints that they would not stack properly. Barber made adjustments in his design to remedy this problem. Accordingly, there are two versions of the 1892 quarter, dubbed "Type I" and "Type II", both for the version without mint mark struck at Philadelphia and for those struck at the New Orleans Mint (1892-O) and the San Francisco Mint (1892-S). They may be distinguished by their reverses: Type I quarters have about half of the letter "E" in "UNITED" covered by the eagle's wing; with Type II quarters, the letter is almost entirely obscured. Type I quarters are rarer for each mint. The 1894-S Barber dime is one of the great numismatic rarities, with a published mintage of 24 proof pieces. Various stories attend the question of how so few came to be coined. According to Nancy Oliver and Richard Kelly in their 2011 article for The Numismatist, the San Francisco Mint in June 1894 needed to coin $2.40 in silver left over from the melting of worn-out coins, just enough to coin 24 dimes. More ten-cent pieces were expected to be struck there later in the year, but this did not occur. Breen, on the other hand, related that San Francisco Mint Superintendent John Daggett had the dimes struck for a group of banker friends, giving three to each. He also gave three to his young daughter Hallie, telling her to retain them until she was as old as he was, and she would be able to sell them for a good price. According to the story, she spent one on a dish of ice cream, but kept the other two until 1954. One of the approximately nine known dimes was retrieved from circulation in 1957, and Breen speculated this may have been the ice cream specimen. One sold for $1,552,500 at auction in 2007. In 1900, Barber modified the dies. This change resulted in quarters that were thinner, so that 21 of the new coins would stack in the space occupied by 20 of the old. Barber again set to work on the dies. San Francisco Mint officials wanted permission to use the old dies, which was refused, as it was felt that all mints should be producing coins with the same specifications. There are small differences between quarters produced at the different mints. Except for the 1894-S dime, there are no great rarities in the Barber series, as mintages were generally adequate to high. Key dates for the dime include the 1895-O (with the lowest mintage), 1896-S, 1897-O, 1901-S and 1903-S. For the quarter, key dates are the very low mintage 1896-S, 1901-S, and 1913-S issues, with the 1901-S particularly scarce. The rarest half dollar is the 1892-O "Micro O", in which the mint mark "O" for New Orleans was impressed on the half dollar die with a puncheon intended for the quarter; other key dates are the regular 1892-O, 1892-S, 1893-S, 1897-O, 1897-S, 1913, 1914, and 1915. The last three dates have very low mintages but were preserved in substantial numbers. As half dollars were heavily circulated, prices tend to steeply rise for all coins in higher grades. "Condition rarities", relatively common and inexpensive in circulated condition but costly in high grades, include the 1901-S, 1904-S, and 1907-S half dollars. Thus, although most dates are easily obtainable, many are scarce in higher and uncirculated grades. Also, in 1909, a new half dollar hub was introduced, which made the headband word "Liberty" stronger, thus changing a grading diagnostic. Earlier Barber halves are frequently separately graded for their obverse and reverse characteristics, as the reverse tended to wear faster. Finally, large quantities of lower grade Barber coins were melted for bullion when silver prices rose in 1979 and early 1980. Replacement According to Burdette, "agitation to replace Barber's banal 1892 Liberty head began almost before the first coins were cold from the press." In 1894, the American Numismatic and Antiquarian Society, in conjunction with various artistic and educational institutes, began to advocate for better designs for U.S. coins, but no change took place in the remainder of the 19th century. In 1904, President Theodore Roosevelt started to push for improvements to U.S. coins, and arranged for the Mint to engage Saint-Gaudens to redesign coins which could be changed under the 1890 act. Before his death in 1907, the sculptor provided designs for the double eagle and eagle, though the double eagle required adjustment by Barber to lower the relief before it could be released as a circulating coin. Redesign of the smaller gold pieces, Lincoln cent, and Buffalo nickel followed between 1908 and 1913. By then, the dime, quarter, and half dollar were the only coins being struck which had not received a redesign in the 20th century. As the 1916 date approached when the Barber coins could be changed without an act of Congress, calls for a new design increased. In 1915, a new Mint director, Robert W. Woolley, took office. Woolley advocated the replacement of the silver coins when it was legal to do so, and instructed Barber and Morgan to prepare new designs. He consulted with the Commission of Fine Arts, asking them to examine the designs produced by the Mint's engravers and, if they felt they were not suitable, to recommend artists to design the new coins. The Commission rejected the Barber and Morgan designs and proposed Adolph Weinman, Hermon MacNeil, and Albin Polasek as designers. Although Woolley had hoped that each artist would produce one design, different concepts by Weinman were accepted for the dime and half dollar, and one by MacNeil for the quarter. Woolley had hoped to begin production of the new coins on July 1, 1916. There was heavy demand for small change, and as delays in actual production stretched into the second half of the year, Woolley was forced to have Barber prepare dies for 1916-dated dimes and quarters bearing the chief engraver's 1892 design. According to numismatist David Lange, "Barber must have secretly smiled to himself as his familiar Roman bust of Liberty once again dropped from the presses by the thousands, and then by the millions." There were sufficient half dollars from 1915 available to meet demand; no Barber halves were struck in 1916. The production difficulties were eventually ironed out, and at least token quantities of each of the new coins were struck in 1916, putting an end to the Barber coinage series. Notes References Bibliography Other sources </ref> Excerpt from External links CoinCommunity.com - US Barber Coinage Information Coins of the United States Currencies introduced in 1892 Eagles on coins Goddess of Liberty on coins United States silver coins Works by Charles E. Barber
Miss Arkansas USA, previously known as Miss Arkansas Universe, is the beauty pageant that selects the representative for the state of Arkansas in the Miss USA pageant, and the name of the title held by that winner. The pageant is directed by Vanbros and Associates. Arkansas's most successful placement was in 1982, when Terri Utley was crowned Miss USA. The most recent placement was Mackenzie Hinderberger in 2023 who placed in the Top 20. Five Miss Arkansas USA titleholders were former Miss Arkansas Teen USA titleholders who competed at Miss Teen USA. The longest reigning titleholder was Haley Rose Pontius in 2020, having held the title for 18 months, while the shortest titleholder was Stephanie Barber in 2021, having held the title for 10 months and 18 days. The state pageant was directed by Premier Pageants from 2002 to 2007 before becoming part of the Vanbros organization, headquartered in Lenexa, Kansas. In 2018, Vanbros chose Fort Smith, Arkansas as the new host city of the pageant. Other host cities for the pageant have included Bentonville, Little Rock, Magnolia, and West Memphis. The current Miss Arkansas USA is Mackenzie Hinderberger of Farmington who was crowned on April 30, 2023 at the Fort Smith Convention Center. Hinderberger. Gallery of titleholders Results summary Placements Miss USA: Terri Utley (1982) 1st Runner-Up: Margaret Haywood (1955) 2nd Runner-Up: Nancy McCollum (1956) Top 5: Savannah Skidmore (2019) Top 10: Chanley Painter (2009), Abby Floyd (2016) Top 15/16/20: Jineane Marie Ford (1954), Helen Garrott (1957), Donna Needham (1959), Ann Smithwick (1968), Mary Dial (1970), Jessica Furrer (2005), Adrielle Churchill (2010), Kelsey Dow (2012), Mackenzie Hinderberger (2023) Arkansas holds a record of 15 placements at Miss USA. Awards Miss Photogenic: Jennifer Sherrill (2004) Winners Color key Notes References External links Official Website Arkansas Arkansas culture Women in Arkansas 1952 establishments in Arkansas Recurring events established in 1952
Jon Ola Hauger Norbom (15 December 1923 – 12 April 2020) was a Norwegian economist and Liberal Party politician. During World War II, in 1942, Norbom was imprisoned for a brief time at Grini concentration camp. Then, in November 1943, he was among the students who were arrested by the German occupying forces in Norway as part of a general imprisonment of all male, non-NS students at the University of Oslo. He was imprisoned in the German concentration camp Buchenwald. From 1950 to 1952 he was the leader of the Young Liberals of Norway, the youth wing of the Liberal Party. He was State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance from 1967 to 1969, during the cabinet Borten, and became Minister of the Finance in 1972–1973 during the cabinet Korvald. Norbom never held elected political office. He graduated as cand.oecon. from the University of Oslo in 1949, and studied international economics and European integration at the College of Europe in Bruges 1952–1953. He subsequently worked as a researcher with the National Bureau of Economic Research, the United Nations and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) during the 1950s and 1960s. He was director in the International Trade Centre Unctad/Gatt 1973–1984, the Permanent Secretary in the Norwegian Ministry of Health and Social Affairs 1984–1993, and member of the United Nations Social Policy Committee 1987–1990. Norbom died in Suwanee, Georgia in April 2020 at the age of 96. References 1923 births 2020 deaths Ministers of Finance of Norway College of Europe alumni Norwegian state secretaries Liberal Party (Norway) politicians Norwegian economists Bærum politicians Norwegian resistance members Grini concentration camp survivors Buchenwald concentration camp survivors
Bayat is a town of Afyonkarahisar Province in the Aegean region of Turkey. It is the seat of Bayat District. Its population is 4,182 (2021). The mayor is Kadir Üçer (CHP). Bayat was known in Byzantine times as Kedrea. References Populated places in Afyonkarahisar Province Bayat District, Afyonkarahisar Bayat tribe District municipalities in Turkey Populated places of the Byzantine Empire
Rusk Rehabilitation is the world's first and among the largest university-affiliated academic centers devoted entirely to inpatient/outpatient care, research, and training in rehabilitation medicine for both adults and pediatric patients. The system is part of the NYU Langone Medical Center and operated under the auspices of the Department of Rehabilitation Medicine of the New York University School of Medicine. The Rusk Institute is named in honor of its founder, Howard A. Rusk. The Rusk Institute has been voted the best rehabilitation hospital in New York and among the top ten in the country since 1989, when U.S. News & World Report introduced its annual "Best Hospitals" rankings. Steven Flanagan is the chairman of rehabilitation medicine and medical director of the Rusk Institute. History Dr. Howard A. Rusk founded the Institute for Rehabilitation Medicine in 1948. His experience treating wounded soldiers during World War II led him to develop the institute around the philosophy that the patients are to be cared for as an entire person, not only the physical disability or illness. In 1984, the institute was renamed so in his honor. Facilities Rusk is based out of its wing of the NYU Langone Main Campus, but additionally provides rehabilitation services at three other main locations and nearly a dozen other satellite locations: Langone Orthopedic Hospital at 301 East 17th Street (inpatient adult rehab and inpatient and outpatient pediatric rehab) Ambulatory Care Center at 240 East 38th Street (outpatient adult rehab) Langone Orthopedic Center at 333 East 38th Street (outpatient adult orthopedic/musculoskeletal rehab) See also The New York Foundation Muriel Zimmerman References External links Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine official website Alcohol and Drugs Recovery Center New York University research institutes Kips Bay, Manhattan Rehabilitation hospitals
The Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute (, ; KNMI) is the Dutch national weather forecasting service, which has its headquarters in De Bilt, in the province of Utrecht, central Netherlands. The primary tasks of KNMI are weather forecasting, monitoring of climate changes and monitoring seismic activity. KNMI is also the national research and information centre for climate, climate change and seismology. History KNMI was established by royal decree of King William III on 21 January 1854 under the title "Royal Meteorological Observatory". Professor C. H. D. Buys Ballot was appointed as the first Director. The year before Professor Ballot had moved the Utrecht University Observatory to the decommissioned fort at Sonnenborgh. It was only later, in 1897, that the headquarters of the KNMI moved to the Koelenberg estate in De Bilt. The "Royal Meteorological Observatory" originally had two divisions, the land branch under Dr. Frederik Wilhelm Christiaan Krecke and the marine branch under navy Lt. Marin H. Jansen. Like Robert FitzRoy who founded the Meteorological Office in Britain the same year, Ballot was disenchanted with the non-scientific weather reports found in European newspapers at the time. Like the Met Office, the KNMI also pioneered daily weather predictions, which he called by a new combination "weervoorspelling" (weather prognostication). Research at KNMI Applied research at KNMI is focused on three areas: Research aimed at improving the quality, usefulness and accessibility of meteorological and oceanographical data in support of operational weather forecasting and other applications of such data. Climate-related research on oceanography; atmospheric boundary layer processes, clouds and radiation; the chemical composition of the atmosphere (e.g. ozone); climate variability research; the analysis of climate, climate variability and climatic change; modelling support and policy support to the Dutch Government with respect to climate and climatic change. Seismological research as well as monitoring of seismic activity (earthquakes). KNMI's development of atmospheric dispersion models KNMI's applied research also encompasses the development and operational use of atmospheric dispersion models. Whenever a disaster occurs within Europe which causes the emission of toxic gases or radioactive material into the atmosphere, it is of utmost importance to quickly determine where the atmospheric plume of toxic material is being transported by the prevailing winds and other meteorological factors. At such times, KNMI activates a special calamity service. For this purpose, a group of seven meteorologists is constantly on call day and night. KNMI's role in supplying information during emergencies is included in municipal and provincial disaster management plans. Civil services, fire departments and the police can be provided with weather and other relevant information directly by the meteorologist on duty, through dedicated telephone connections. KNMI has available two atmospheric dispersion models for use by their calamity service: PUFF - In cooperation with the Netherlands National Institute for Public Health and the Environment (Dutch: Rijksinstituut voor Volksgezondheid en Milieuhygiene or simply RIVM), KNMI has developed the dispersion model PUFF. It has been designed to calculate the dispersion of air pollution on European scales. The model was originally tested by using measurements of the dispersion of radioactivity caused by the accident in the nuclear power plant of Chernobyl in 1986. A few years later, in 1994, a dedicated dispersion experiment called ETEX (European Tracer EXperiment) was carried out, which also provided useful data for further testing of PUFF. CALM - CALM is a CALamity Model designed for the calculation of air pollution dispersion on small spatial scales, within the Netherlands. The algorithms and parameters contained in the CALM model are practically identical to that of the PUFF model. However, the meteorological input can only be supplied manually in CALM. The user provides both observed and predicted values for wind velocity at the 10 meter height level, the atmospheric stability classification and the mixing height. After the model calculations have been performed, a map is created and displayed with the derived trajectories of the pollution plume and an indication of how and where the cloud will disperse. Storm naming In 2019 KNMI decided to join the western storm naming group to help awareness of the danger of storms, the first named storm was Storm Ciara on 9 February 2020. See also Atmospheric dispersion modeling List of atmospheric dispersion models National Center for Atmospheric Research NERI, the National Environmental Research Institute of Denmark NILU, the Norwegian Institute for Air Research Roadway air dispersion modeling Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute TA Luft UK Atmospheric Dispersion Modelling Liaison Committee UK Dispersion Modelling Bureau University Corporation for Atmospheric Research References External links KNMI website (in Dutch) KNMI website (in English) KNMI atmospheric dispersion models RIVM website (in English) Atmospheric dispersion modeling De Bilt Governmental meteorological agencies in Europe Independent government agencies of the Netherlands Organisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronage Organisations based in Utrecht (province) Research institutes in the Netherlands
Grünstadt-Land is a former Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the district of Bad Dürkheim, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It was situated on the north-eastern edge of the Palatinate forest, around the town Grünstadt, which was the seat of Grünstadt-Land, but not part of the Verbandsgemeinde. In January 2018 it was merged into the new Verbandsgemeinde Leiningerland. Grünstadt-Land consisted of the following Ortsgemeinden ("local municipalities"): References Former Verbandsgemeinden in Rhineland-Palatinate
Skic is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Złotów and north of the regional capital Poznań. It is situated on the Skitnica River in the ethnocultural region of Krajna in the historic region of Greater Poland. History The territory became a part of the emerging Polish state under its first historic ruler Mieszko I in the 10th century. Skic was a private village of Polish nobility, including the Działyński and Grudziński families, administratively located in the Nakło County in the Kalisz Voivodeship in the Greater Poland Province. In 1885, it had a population of 464. During World War II, local Polish teachers were murdered by the German Nazis in Bydgoszcz and Toruń (see Nazi crimes against the Polish nation). Sports The local football club is Piast Skic. It competes in the lower leagues. References Villages in Złotów County
Area codes 215, 267, and 445 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) for Philadelphia and adjacent portions of Bucks and Montgomery counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Area code 215 was one of the original North American area codes established in 1947, while 267 and 445 are overlay codes for the same numbering plan area (NPA). History When the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T) organized the telephone networks of North American with a universal telephone numbering plan in 1947, Pennsylvania was divided into four numbering plan areas, which received the area codes 215, 412, 717, and 814. Area code 215 was assigned to the Delaware and Lehigh Valleys in southeastern Pennsylvania, including the Philadelphia metropolitan area. On January 8, 1994, the western and northern portions of the original 215 territory, i.e., Philadelphia's western suburbs, most of Berks County, and the Lehigh Valley, changed to area code 610, while Philadelphia and its northern suburbs retained 215. However, three central office codes were moved from 215 to east-central Pennsylvania's 717, namely 267 in Denver, 484 in Adamstown and 445 in Terre Hill, with 215-267 becoming 717-336 because 717-267 was already in use. These exchanges were originally slated to move into 610, but were served by non-Bell telephone companies which sought to consolidate their eastern Pennsylvania customers into one area code. This was intended as a long-term solution, but within two years 215 was close to exhaustion due to the rapid growth of the Philadelphia area and the proliferation of cell phones and pagers. For relief, area code 267 was established as an overlay on the 215 numbering plan area on July 1, 1997. Local calls across the Delaware/Pennsylvania border required ten-digit dialing. Area code 445 was first proposed in July 2000 as an overlay code on numbering plan area 215/267. However, these plans were delayed and then rescinded in 2003 by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission. The need for new phone numbers in area codes 215/267 was delayed until 2018. Area code 445 was activated as an additional overlay code on February 3, 2018. This had the effect of assigning 23 million telephone numbers to a service territory of four million people. Despite Philadelphia's continued growth, 215/267/445 is nowhere near exhaustion. The most recent NANP exhaust projections do not list an exhaust date for the 215/267/445 territory, meaning that Philadelphia may not need a fourth area code until beyond 2050. Service area The service area comprises all or parts of five counties in Pennsylvania. Berks County (extreme eastern portion) Bucks County (all but northeastern portion, which is served by area codes 610, 484, and 835) Lehigh County (extreme southern portion) Montgomery County (northern and eastern area, rest of county served by area codes 610, 484, and 835) Philadelphia County (all) Places with over 30,000 inhabitants: Abington Bensalem Bristol Cheltenham Falls Lower Makefield Northampton Philadelphia Warminster See also List of Pennsylvania area codes List of NANP area codes References External links List of Pennsylvania area codes 215 215 Philadelphia Telecommunications-related introductions in 1947 Telecommunications-related introductions in 1997
No Alternative is an alternative rock compilation album produced by Paul Heck and Chris Mundy that was released in 1993. It was the third compilation put together by the Red Hot Organization, a charity dedicated to raising money for and awareness of AIDS relief. The album features original tracks and cover versions from bands who went on to define the alternative rock scene of the 1990s. It was released with two different versions of album art: the standard version depicting a boy (without the Nirvana song listed on the back and liner notes), and the alternate version depicting a girl (some with and some without the Nirvana song listed on the back and liner notes). A television special hosted by MTV and a VHS home video release featured live performances, music videos, and information about AIDS. On 20 April 2013, as part of the annual internationally celebrated Record Store Day, No Alternative was released for the first time on vinyl as a special 20th anniversary edition LP. Stereogum lauded the album in a retrospective piece, saying that "it captures the American alternative scene at its commercial, cultural, and critical peak." In an interview with Radio New Zealand, producer Paul Heck discussed the history of the Red Hot Organization and the anniversary of No Alternative, saying that the response from the musicians asked to contribute was "overwhelmingly positive" and that some artists even wrote songs specifically for the compilation. Album track listing Home video track listing Matthew Sweet "Superdeformed" directed by Kevin Kerslake Neneh Cherry "Athens, Georgia 1993" directed by Jim McKay & Michael Stipe Urge Overkill "Take a Walk" directed by Matt Mahurin Hole, Luscious Jackson, Free Kitten, Huggy Bear & Bikini Kill "No Alternative Girls" directed by Tamra Davis The Smashing Pumpkins "Hot Heads" directed by Jennie Livingston Sarah McLachlan "Hold On" directed by Nick Gomez The Breeders "Iris" directed by Hal Hartley Patti Smith "Memorial Tribute" directed by Derek Jarman US live performances: Goo Goo Dolls "Bitch" directed by Beth McCarthy The Smashing Pumpkins "Glynis" directed by Beth McCarthy The Smashing Pumpkins "Today" directed by Beth McCarthy Buffalo Tom "For All to See" directed by Beth McCarthy UK live performances: The Breeders "Iris" directed by Neil Breakwell Suede "The Next Life" directed by Derek Jarman Spoken word: Maggie Estep "No More Mr Nice Girl" Lou Reed "Busload of Faith" David Wojnarowicz "Untitled" Charts See also Red Hot Organization References Further reading Gomez, Jeff (2023). There Was No Alternative. McFarland Books. ISBN 978-1-4766-8976-0. External links No Alternative at NYU's Fales Library and Special Collections' Guide to the Red Hot Organization Archive (1989–2004) Red Hot Organization albums Albums produced by Richard Dashut Albums produced by Paul Fox (record producer) Albums produced by Billy Corgan 1993 compilation albums Alternative rock compilation albums 1993 video albums 1993 live albums Live video albums Music video compilation albums Arista Records compilation albums Grunge compilation albums Grunge video albums Alternative rock video albums Live alternative rock albums
David Leo is a writer in Singapore. Leo received a Publishers Prize for Ah … The Fragrance of Durians & Other Stories in 1993, a (Singapore) National Book Department Council Book Awards for works in English in 1994 for The Sins of the Father and Singapore Literature Prize commendation in 1995 for Wives, Lovers and Other Women. He is also the author of Different Strokes, a novel published in 1993 on two AIDS victims and a reporter who interviews them. The novel explores societal views on AIDS and its victims. Some of David's short stories have won prizes in writing competitions in Singapore. He also writes poetry; some of his poems have appeared in various publications including Singa, Focus, Breakthrough, Project Alpha Silver, and an anthology of 20th Century Poets published in the UK Leo works as an Assistant General Manager at the Singapore Airport Terminal Services. Works Different Strokes Different Strokes is a novel written by David Leo and published in 1993. Through a character of a reporter named Keith, the novel explores the life of two AIDS victims, and describes their suffering and the dilemmas they face in the course of their illness. The work is among the earliest work in Singapore related to the gay community. Novels, short stories and non-fiction Somewhere a Tiny Voice (1993) Ah ... the Fragrance of Durians''' (1993) The Sins of the Father and Other Stories (1993) Different Strokes (1993) Wives, Lovers & Other Women (1995) Kiasu, Kiasi, You Think What (1995) (see Kiasu) One Journey, Many Rivers (1997) Shakespeare Can Wait (2001) News at Nine (2003) Life's So Like Dat (2005) iDENTiTY (2008) Ubin Dreaming (You've Been Dreaming) (2012) Cherry Days'' (2015) Anthologies No Other City – The Ethos Anthology of Urban Poetry Love Gathers All – The Philippines-Singapore Anthology of Love Poetry Rhythms – A Singapore Anthology of Millenium Poetry Man/Born/Free: Writings on the Human Spirit from Singapore (edited by Gwee Li Sui) OnE, The Anthology – Short Stories from Singapore's best authors (edited by Robert Yeo) Sound of Mind – A teacher-writers anthology of poems and prompts Influence and Confluence: East and West / A Global Anthology on the Short Story (edited by Maurice A Lee), East China Normal University Press (Story was also translated into Chinese) 20th Century Poets See also Singapore gay literature Gay literature References External links Bio of David Leo Publisher's website Singaporean writers Year of birth missing (living people) Living people Singaporean novelists Singaporean male writers Singaporean non-fiction writers Singapore Literature Prize winners Male non-fiction writers
